Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2117 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 2015 No. 52 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 13, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable L UKE 
MESSER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
The work of the Congress resumes 
after time spent by millions of Ameri-cans celebrating high holy days and spring comes to our Nation’s Capital. It is a season of hope. 
In this Chamber, where the people’s 
House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live and for this great Na-tion which You have inspired in devel-oping over so many years. Continue to inspire the American people that, through the difficulties of these days, we might keep liberty and justice alive in our Nation and in the world. 
Give to us and all people a vivid 
sense of Your presence, that we may learn to understand each other, to re-spect each other, to work with each other, to live with each other, and to do good to each other. So shall we make our Nation great in goodness and good in its greatness. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. TAKANO led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Schock), the whole num-ber of the House is 432. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 27, 2015 at 12:02 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1092. That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1527. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H.J. Res. 10. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 32. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 31. 
That the Senate passed S. 535. Appointments: Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commis-
sion. 
Advisory Committee on the Records of 
Congress. 
Commission to Study the Potential Cre-
ation of a National Women’s History Mu-seum. 
Commission to Study the Potential Cre-
ation of a National Women’s History Mu-seum. 
With best wishes, I am Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 27, 2015 at 1:13 p.m.: 
Appointments: Advisory Committee on the Records of 
Congress. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2118 April 13, 2015 
enrolled bills and joint resolution were 
signed by Speaker pro tempore C OM-
STOCK on Monday, March 30, 2015: 
H.R. 1092, to designate the Federal 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the ‘‘Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Building’’; 
H.R. 1527, to accelerate the income 
tax benefits for charitable cash con-tributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detec-tives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes; 
H.J. Res. 10, providing the reappoint-
ment of David M. Rubenstein as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
f 
TIME TO SIMPLIFY THE TAX CODE 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, we are only 
2 days away from April 15, also known as tax day. It is a day that we all dread every year. 
Between mountains of paperwork, 
complicated codes, and the fear of fines, paying taxes every year is a huge burden for hard-working Americans. In fact, U.S. taxpayers and businesses spend about 7.6 billion hours a year complying with the filing requirements of the IRS. 
But if you listen to the political dis-
cussion in our country very long, you will inevitably hear some lawmakers repeat one of their favorite lines, that all of our country’s budget problems would be solved if only we increased taxes, except increasing taxes increases government spending and crowds our private sector investment, diminishing our prosperity. 
Instead, it is past time to simplify 
the Tax Code and decrease the tax bur-den that Americans currently spend close to a third of the year bearing. 
It is vital that we enact policies that 
strengthen and stabilize our economy, as well as give individuals and busi-nesses long-term certainty. 
f 
LGBT NONDISCRIMINATION 
RESOLUTION 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the House resolu-tion declaring that gay, lesbian, and transgender people should be protected from discrimination under the law. 
Every day, LGBT Americans are de-
nied housing and public accommoda-tions. In 29 States, someone can be fired because they are gay, and in 32 States, someone can be fired because of their gender identity. In several States, there is an organized push to deny LGBT Americans their rights. 
However, dozens of States have taken 
action and passed nondiscrimination laws, as have hundreds of cities; yet this body has not. Congress is sworn to 
uphold the Constitution, the same Con-stitution that says no State shall ‘‘deny to any person within its jurisdic-tion the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
It is time for Congress to uphold the 
Constitution and take action. Support this resolution and protect these Amer-icans—all Americans. 
f 
HONORING JIM CALLAHAN 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, at the heart of my congres-sional district lies Chester County, a community that relies on groundbreaking, thoughtful, probative reporting for its residents, a responsi-bility that the Daily Local News has filled for generations. 
For 20 years, Jim Callahan has served 
the Daily Local News and Chester County as a newsman. He calls himself an ‘‘adjustable wrench’’ in the news business, which means he has served a multitude of functions to make sure that our Republic, as locally con-stituted in Chester County, is well in-formed. 
Indeed, the hallmark of an engaged, 
robust democracy requires a well-in-formed citizenry; and to my constitu-ents, as a journalist, Jim Callahan has served this function in exemplary fash-ion. 
One of his colleagues calls Jim an 
‘‘old school journalist, who enjoys teaching and working with young re-porters,’’ a breaking news junkie, and political nut. 
I would add that Jim possesses a 
great sense of humor, and he is as pug-nacious a journalist as he is witty an observer. At his core, Mr. Speaker, Jim Callahan greatly values the impor-tance of local journalism, and for that, Chester County is better off for it. 
Here in the United States House of 
Representatives—the people’s House— and across Chester County, we want to thank you, Jim. 
Stay strong, my friend. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT USING THEIR 
GUNS INSTEAD OF THEIR HEADS 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it feels like open season on black men in America, and I am outraged. In fact, all Americans are at risk when bad actors in law enforcement use their guns instead of their heads. 
Despite bipartisan, nationwide calls 
for action and despite my bills to re-form the broken grand jury process, hold police accountable, and end mili-tarization and despite my colleagues’ bills to encourage body cameras, this Congress does nothing—no hearings, no blue ribbon commissions—nothing. Mr. Speaker, here are just a few 
names of our colleagues, neighbors, and relatives killed by police, so my col-leagues will no longer ignore this cri-sis: Walter Scott, North Carolina; Mi-chael Brown, Missouri; Anthony Hill, Georgia; Tony Robinson, Wisconsin; Kevin Davis, Georgia; Nicholas Thom-as, Georgia; Daniel Elrod, Nebraska; Antonio Zambrano-Montes, Wash-ington; David Kassick, Pennsylvania; Jessica Hernandez, Colorado; Kevin Davis, Georgia; Dennis Grigsby, Texas; Rumain Brisbon, Phoenix; Tamir Rice, Ohio; Akai Gurley, New York; Carlos M. Perez, Nevada; Kajieme Powell, Missouri; Ezell Ford, California; Dillon Taylor, Utah; John Crawford III, Ohio; Naeschylus Vinzant, Colorado; Charly Leundeu Keunang, California; and the list goes on. 
f 
THE SENATE MUST ACT 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, April 1, 
just a few days ago, most people don’t realize it, but the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reduced physi-cian reimbursement for Medicare pa-tients by 21 percent. 
This occurred as a matter of law. 
This is a deadline that we have been up against before, a drama that we have seen played out in this House multiple times during my tenure here. 
This time, it is different because the 
House of Representatives, right before the end of March, chose to act and passed, by a vote of 392 individuals, to repeal this formula that crops up every year and threatens our Medicare pa-tients and those that provide care for them. 
This bill is sitting over in the other 
body. The Chaplain talked about this being a season for renewal, and indeed, it is. It is my hope that in the other body that spirit of renewal will take hold, and they will take up and pass the bill that passed this House with an overwhelming majority some 2 weeks ago. 
It is time to do it. The other body 
can act. 
f 
b1415 
EASTER FEED 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge the outstanding work of Dr. Merlin Augustine and his wife, Beverly, of Fayetteville, Arkan-sas, and the event his foundation has sponsored for 22 years—the annual Easter Feed, held the Saturday before Easter. 
This year, a record 6,741 people en-
joyed a meal fit for kings, served by men and women of all walks, including a number of local, State, and Federal officials and scores of volunteers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.004 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2119 April 13, 2015 
Years ago, Mr. Speaker, Dr. 
Augustine’s parents left their compas-sionate son an inheritance of $10,000 with which he established a foundation purposed in helping the less fortunate. The Easter Feed is its signature event. It is the kind of event that warms the heart, reminding all of us of our duty to care for those around us. 
I want the Nation to know how much 
I appreciate this beautiful couple for their kindness and their decency and their dedication to our community. My wife, Terri, and I always look forward to helping at the event. Few things in life give us more pleasure than the Easter Feed. 
Thanks, Merlin and Beverly. Can’t 
wait till next year. 
f 
U.S. GOVERNMENT OKAYS OIL EX-
PORTS FOR IRAN BUT NO OIL EXPORTS FOR AMERICA? 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
United States is now the largest crude oil producer in the world, but instead of exporting excess oil like other na-tions, the United States oil producers are forced to leave oil in the ground. The solution is clear—lift the crude oil ban. We should follow the Blue Bell Ice Cream philosophy: use all you can and sell the rest—here, in this case, abroad. 
Exports will improve our national se-
curity by increasing United States in-fluence around the world. We can make Middle Eastern oil, politics, and their turmoil irrelevant. Europe gets 40 per-cent of its oil from Russia, and our ex-ports will give Europeans an alter-native to Putin’s monopoly and will thwart his aggression. Japan and South Korea rely on crude oil from Iran to satisfy their growing energy consump-tion. 
Speaking of Iran, Mr. Speaker, be-
cause of the deal, it is now U.S. Gov-
ernment policy to eventually allow Iran to export crude oil, but it is U.S. policy to prohibit U.S. producers to do the same. How nutty is that? 
Lifting the ban will create thousands 
of jobs, inject billions of dollars into the economy, and help advance our na-tional interests abroad. Make the same deal with America the Government made with Iran—allow oil exports. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 17 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) at 4 p.m. COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 13, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 13, 2015 at 2:42 p.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 11. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
CAPITAL ACCESS FOR SMALL 
COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTI-TUTIONS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 299) to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize pri-vately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 299 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Capital Ac-
cess for Small Community Financial Institu-tions Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIVATELY INSURED CREDIT UNIONS AU-
THORIZED TO BECOME MEMBERS OF A FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(a) of the Fed-
eral Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1424(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN PRIVATELY INSURED CREDIT  
UNIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the require-
ments of subparagraph (B), a credit union shall be treated as an insured depository in-stitution for purposes of determining the eli-gibility of such credit union for membership in a Federal home loan bank under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION BY APPROPRIATE SUPER -
VISOR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and subject to clause (ii), a credit union which lacks Federal deposit insurance and which has applied for membership in a Federal home loan bank may be treated as meeting all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance only if the appro-
priate supervisor of the State in which the credit union is chartered has determined that the credit union meets all the eligi-bility requirements for Federal deposit in-surance as of the date of the application for membership. 
‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATION DEEMED VALID .—If, in 
the case of any credit union to which clause (i) applies, the appropriate supervisor of the State in which such credit union is chartered fails to make a determination pursuant to such clause by the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the application, the credit union shall be deemed to have met the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(C) S
ECURITY INTERESTS OF FEDERAL HOME  
LOAN BANK NOT AVOIDABLE .—Notwithstanding 
any provision of State law authorizing a con-servator or liquidating agent of a credit union to repudiate contracts, no such provi-sion shall apply with respect to— 
‘‘(i) any extension of credit from any Fed-
eral home loan bank to any credit union which is a member of any such bank pursu-
ant to this paragraph; or 
‘‘(ii) any security interest in the assets of 
such credit union securing any such exten-sion of credit. 
‘‘(D) P
ROTECTION FOR CERTAIN FEDERAL  
HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES .—Notwith-
standing any State law to the contrary, if a Bank makes an advance under section 10 to a State-chartered credit union that is not federally insured— 
‘‘(i) the Bank’s interest in any collateral 
securing such advance has the same priority and is afforded the same standing and rights that the security interest would have had if the advance had been made to a federally in-sured credit union; and 
‘‘(ii) the Bank has the same right to access 
such collateral that the Bank would have had if the advance had been made to a feder-ally insured credit union.’’. 
(b) C
OPIES OF AUDITS OF PRIVATE INSURERS  
OFCERTAIN DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS RE-
QUIRED TOBEPROVIDED TO SUPERVISORY  
AGENCIES .—Section 43(a)(2)(A) of the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting at the end the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(iii) in the case of depository institutions 
described in subsection (e)(2)(A) the deposits of which are insured by the private insurer which are members of a Federal home loan bank, to the Federal Housing Finance Agen-cy, not later than 7 days after the audit is completed.’’. 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study and submit a report to Congress— 
(1) on the adequacy of insurance reserves 
held by a private deposit insurer that insures deposits in an entity described in section 43(e)(2)(A) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t(e)(2)(A)); and 
(2) for an entity described in paragraph (1) 
the deposits of which are insured by a pri-vate deposit insurer, information on the level of compliance with Federal regulations relating to the disclosure of a lack of Fed-eral deposit insurance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.005 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2120 April 13, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), the sponsor of this 
bill. 
Mr. STIVERS. I would like to thank 
the gentleman from Texas for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
299, the Capital Access for Small Com-munity Financial Institutions Act. 
I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the other bill sponsors— 
Mrs. B EATTY from Ohio, Mr. T IBERI  
from Ohio, and Mr. C ARSON from Indi-
ana. 
As you can hear, I lost my voice last 
night, but I am the voice for 1.2 million people who are currently denied access to the liquidity that the Federal Home Loan Bank system offers inside finan-cial transactions. 
This bill would simply make a small 
statutory change that would allow nonfederally insured credit unions to apply for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank system. It would not guarantee their memberships. They would go through the normal under-writing process like any other appli-cant. The irony here is that every other credit union can join the Federal Home Loan Bank system, and every other bank and many nonbank entities, like insurance companies, are allowed to join the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Only privately insured credit unions are denied. 
Currently, there are 128 small credit 
unions in nine States representing 1.2 million people, including firefighters and teachers and church workers and small business people, with total assets of $13 billion, people who are not in-sured by the Federal Government but who are insured by a mutual private insurance company and so are denied access to the Federal Home Loan Bank system. This bill would simply change that and fix it. 
Some important points are: one, 
there is no risk to the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Two, no more than $4 billion of that $13 billion could be pledged to the Federal Home Loan Bank system at any one time, and that is if all 128 credit unions joined the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Three, there is no concentration risk. There is no disproportionate risk with these institutions. 
I think it is really important that we 
give these 1.2 million people the access to the liquidity that the Federal Home Loan Bank system would offer them. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this legislation, which would give com-munity financial institutions the abil-ity to apply for membership in the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank system and 
which would provide important liquid-ity to these 1.2 million people who might want to buy a home or live the American Dream. 
Again, I want to thank my cosponsor, 
who helped so hard to get this bill done, Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY  
from Ohio; and I want to thank Chair-man N
EUGEBAUER , Chairman H EN-
SARLING , and the other cosponsors of 
the bill. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), 
who is the cosponsor of this bill. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Mr. C APU-
ANO, for yielding me time. 
Thank you, Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. 
STIVERS . 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of the Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015, H.R. 299. 
I join Congressman S
TEVE STIVERS in 
support of H.R. 299. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle supported this bill in a bipartisan fashion, a bill on which I am very proud to be the lead Democrat. We have worked together to have H.R. 299 reported out of the House Financial Services Committee with a vote of 56–1. In fact, last year, the same bill passed unanimously on this House floor by 395–0. 
Mr. Speaker, as you have heard, H.R. 
299 would permit privately insured credit unions to apply for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank sys-tem. A primary benefit of the Federal Home Loan Bank membership is hav-ing access to low-cost secured funding, which is a tremendous benefit to con-sumers. H.R. 299 would not, however, mandate the privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal Home Loan Bank. Therefore, under this legislation, a Federal Home Loan Bank would maintain the discretion to accept or to reject a privately insured credit union’s application for member-ship based on its risk tolerance and un-derwriting guidelines. 
Why do we need this bill? H.R. 299 is an extremely important 
piece of legislation for these privately insured credit unions because it would help give members and businesses greater access to credit in a tight cred-it market. Currently, there are ap-
proximately 6,400 credit unions across the country, including some 128 to 130 privately insured credit unions. Of that number of those privately insured cred-it unions, Mr. Speaker, 57 of them are actually in Ohio. Both I and Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, the sponsor of the bill, are from 
the great State of Ohio. These 57 pri-vately insured credit unions in Ohio serve more than 333,000 members in Ohio, and, roughly, 145,000 of those members are actually in my district. 
Indeed, the Capital Access for Small 
Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015, or H.R. 299, comes to the floor today because of the very important role we believe that credit unions play in consumer lending and homeowner-ship across this country. For instance, this bill would improve 
access to home mortgage loans for members of three privately insured credit unions that are actually based in my district, the Third Congressional District of Ohio. Those are the White-hall Credit Union, Producers Employee Credit Union, and the Central Credit Union. Additionally, this legislation has garnered support from the exclu-sive insurers of privately insured credit unions across the country—American Share Insurance, or ASI. ASI, which is based in central Ohio, which is just north of my district, continues to pro-vide employment for many Ohioans, and it has never previously had a pri-vately insured credit union depositor lose money. 
Therefore, I urge the support of H.R. 
299 because this bipartisan legislation is good policy, is good for small credit unions, and may spur the growth of small credit unions, which serve the needs of their members, both individ-uals and businesses. Importantly, H.R. 299 has bipartisan, nationwide support for local communities and businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe this legisla-
tion is a perfect example of the type of regular order, committee-driven ac-tions that we should use, actually, as a template for bipartisan cooperation in the House and which, indeed, if en-acted, would bring real benefits to the national housing market. I urge Mem-bers to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 299. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no other speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, we have 
no further speakers. I would just like to add my voice in support of this bill. It is a very commonsense bill, and I am proud to be able to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to echo the remarks that have been made. 
This is a commonsense bill. It helps 
Main Street, and it helps consumers. There was a little glitch here in the marketplace when these privately in-sured credit unions were not able to ac-cess the Federal Home Loan Banks. It just makes sense that they do that. This bill passed out of our committee 56–1. With that, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
YRNE ). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 299. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ELIMINATE PRIVACY NOTICE 
CONFUSION ACT 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.009 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2121 April 13, 2015 
bill (H.R. 601) to amend the Gramm- 
Leach-Bliley Act to provide an excep-tion to the annual privacy notice re-quirement. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 601 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminate 
Privacy Notice Confusion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL PRIVACY NOTICE 
REQUIREMENT UNDER THE GRAMM- LEACH-BLILEY ACT. 
Section 503 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
(15 U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION TO ANNUAL NOTICE REQUIRE -
MENT .—A financial institution that— 
‘‘(1) provides nonpublic personal informa-
tion only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b)(2) or (e) of section 502 or regulations prescribed under section 504(b), and 
‘‘(2) has not changed its policies and prac-
tices with regard to disclosing nonpublic per-sonal information from the policies and practices that were disclosed in the most re-cent disclosure sent to consumers in accord-ance with this section, 
shall not be required to provide an annual 
disclosure under this section until such time as the financial institution fails to comply with any criteria described in paragraph (1) or (2).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, it 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the original author of 
this bill and one who has done a lot of work in this area. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, 
Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, year after year, mil-
lions of dollars are spent on privacy no-tices that are either disregarded or are confusing to consumers. Let’s think about the cost of this. 
This outdated requirement doesn’t 
cost in postage alone, but it also adds its compliance costs, the cost of sup-plies, printing fees, and man hours. Under current law, financial institu-tions are required to provide annual privacy notices explaining informa-tion-sharing practices to customers. Banks and credit unions have had to give these notices each year even if the privacy policies have not changed. This creates not only waste for financial in-stitutions but confusion and increased costs to consumers. I talked to one community bank in 
my district recently that said they spend, roughly, 70 cents per disclosure. With a minimum of 250,000 accounts and customers, this one bank spends at least $175,000 on this one requirement. It may not seem like a lot of money to my colleagues, but I can tell you that $175,000 is a lot of money for a small in-stitution like the one in my district. By the way, this is an institution with less than $10 billion in assets, so it will not be helped by the recent changes implemented by the CFPB. 
I want to be completely clear on 
what exactly this bill will do. This leg-islation will only remove the Gramm- Leach-Bliley annual privacy notice re-quirement if an institution has not in any way changed its privacy policies or procedures. This legislation does not exempt an institution from an initial privacy notice, nor does it allow a loop-hole for an institution to avoid using an updated notice. 
The language is not controversial; it 
does not jeopardize consumer privacy; and it does not exempt any institution from having to produce an initial or an amended privacy notice. This legisla-tion does eliminate millions of costly, confusing, and often ignored mailings; and with the passage of this bill, infor-mation included in these mailings would likely become more significant to the consumer because it would come only when a change in the privacy no-tice policy is effected. 
b1615 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
that similar language passed the House by a voice vote in the 111th, 112th, and 113th Congresses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. In March of 
this year, this legislation passed the Committee on Financial Services by a voice vote of 57–0. This legislation is supported by a litany of trade associa-tions representing banks and credit unions. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), my good 
friend across the aisle, for his bipar-tisan work on this bill. 
I ask my colleagues for their support. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I thank the gentleman from Missouri 
(Mr. L UETKEMEYER ) for his tireless 
work on this bill. This bill has passed virtually unanimously this House in the 111th, 112th, and 113th Congresses. Now it has passed our committee 57–0. 
I want to commend Director Cordray 
of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for moving in the direction of this bill as far as they could, but now it is time to codify this important change. This will not only save money for the small- and medium-sized insti-
tutions and the entire financial serv-ices industry; it is going to get the con-sumer to focus on changes that are im-portant. 
There is no better way to hide a tree 
than to put it in the forest, and there is no better way to trivialize and cause consumers to ignore important legally required notification than to deluge them with unnecessary, meaningless, and repetitive notifications. 
This bill will make our system more 
efficient. It is not only consistent, I be-lieve, with what the regulators would like to do; it has passed, overwhelm-ingly, every time Members of the House have had a chance to deal with it. 
I commend the gentleman from Mis-
souri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ). 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t have any other speakers, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I would 
just like to add my voice to those who support this bill, another commonsense bill that hopefully won’t take us three more Congresses to get our friends on the other side to actually take action on something that is relatively simple and straightforward. I personally throw out six or seven of these notifi-cations every month, so I would as-sume that millions of people are doing the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to add my support as well to this bill. This is a commonsense bill. This bill passed 57–0 in our committee. It ends a lot of confusion. You get those privacy notices when you open those accounts, and then all of a sud-den next year you get another one, and you are trying to figure out whether you should have gotten one, if you should read that. What we have found is that probably a lot of people aren’t reading those. This is a very common-sense bill, and I encourage people to support that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 601. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HELPING EXPAND LENDING PRAC-
TICES IN RURAL COMMUNITIES ACT 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1259) to provide for an appli-cation process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.010 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2122 April 13, 2015 
H.R. 1259 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Ex-
pand Lending Practices in Rural Commu-nities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF RURAL AREA. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion shall establish an application process under which a person who lives or does busi-ness in a State may, with respect to an area identified by the person in such State that has not been designated by the Bureau as a rural area for purposes of a Federal con-sumer financial law (as defined under section 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010), apply for such area to be so des-ignated. 
(b) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—When evalu-
ating an application submitted under sub-section (a), the Bureau shall take into con-sideration the following factors: 
(1) Criteria used by the Director of the Bu-
reau of the Census for classifying geo-graphical areas as rural or urban. 
(2) Criteria used by the Director of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget to designate counties as metropolitan or micropolitan or neither. 
(3) Criteria used by the Secretary of Agri-
culture to determine property eligibility for rural development programs. 
(4) The Department of Agriculture rural- 
urban commuting area codes. 
(5) A written opinion provided by the 
State’s bank supervisor, as defined under section 3(r) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(r)). 
(6) Population density. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving an application submitted under subsection (a), the Bureau shall— 
(A) publish such application in the Federal 
Register; and 
(B) make such application available for 
public comment for not fewer than 90 days. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON ADDITIONAL APPLICA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to require the Bureau, during the pub-lic comment period with respect to an appli-cation submitted under subsection (a), to ac-cept an additional application with respect to the area that is the subject of the initial application. 
(d) D
ECISION ON DESIGNATION .—Not later 
than 90 days after the end of the public com-ment period under subsection (c)(1) for an ap-plication, the Bureau shall— 
(1) grant or deny such application, in whole 
or in part; and 
(2) publish such grant or denial in the Fed-
eral Register, along with an explanation of what factors the Bureau relied on in making such determination. 
(e) S
UBSEQUENT APPLICATIONS .—A decision 
by the Bureau under subsection (d) to deny an application for an area to be designated as a rural area shall not preclude the Bureau from accepting a subsequent application sub-mitted under subsection (a) for such area to be so designated, so long as such subsequent application is made after the end of the 90- day period beginning on the date that the Bureau denies the application under sub-section (d). 
(f) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to 
have any force or effect after the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 7 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), one of the pri-
mary authors of this bill. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit for yielding and for his support of this legislation. I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have joined together to support this bipartisan legislation that makes a small but sensible legislative correc-tion to a regulatory policy that we have all heard from our constituents does not work as intended. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to have 
worked with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ) to reintroduce H.R. 
1259, the Helping Expand Lending Prac-tices in Rural Communities Act, or HELP Rural Communities Act, in this Congress. This legislation has now cleared the Committee on Financial Services in two consecutive Congresses with overwhelming bipartisan support. Furthermore, this Chamber approved identical legislation just 11 months ago by voice vote under suspension of the rules. 
Our Federalist system of limited gov-
ernment enshrines in the law the idea that State and local entities know their communities better than any cen-tralized bureaucracy in Washington. The HELP Rural Communities Act re-affirms this commitment by addressing a bizarre situation resulting from the imposition of a one-size-fits-all govern-ment regulation that fails to consider the diversity of the cities, towns, and rural areas across America. 
The genesis of this legislation was a 
conversation that I had with a con-stituent, a third generation banker in rural Bath County, Kentucky. This constituent, Thomas Richards, was be-wildered to learn that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had des-ignated Bath County, population 11,591—yes, that is the entire county— as nonrural. His family’s bank had sur-vived the Great Depression, the stag-flation of the late 1970s and early 1980s, and the Great Recession of 2008; and yet his testimony, Thomas Richards’ testimony, this third generation Ken-tucky community banker, was that his small community bank in rural Ken-tucky was being imperiled by an ava-lanche of red tape coming out of Wash-ington bureaucracy. There are similar stories from rural communities across this country. This nonrural designation matters 
because the Dodd-Frank Act acknowl-edges that rural areas may be under-served credit markets and so should be treated differently under financial reg-ulations, thus an improper nonrural designation by the Bureau, such as Bath County, puts constraints on fi-nancial products, specifically respon-sibly underwritten balloon loans that a bank or credit union can offer in its community, reducing access to credit in rural America. Balloon loans are common throughout rural America be-cause they offer flexibility to con-sumers whose incomes are often cycli-cal and dependent on commodities, while helping small community banks 
and credit unions mitigate interest rate risk. 
H.R. 1259 fixes the problem by ensur-
ing that rural areas are treated under the law as intended, by allowing enti-ties that feel that they have been im-properly designated to appeal that de-cision. Here is what the bill does: 
H.R. 1259 creates a petition process in 
which individuals within a State could petition the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau to have that area redes-ignated and to have the Bureau recon-sider its improper designation of ‘‘nonrural’’ for the area that is plainly rural. The legislation specifies a num-ber of commonsense factors that the Bureau must consider when evaluating an application. Upon receiving an ap-plication, the Bureau is to provide for a 90-day public comment period, and then grant or deny such an application within an additional 90 days. Whatever the outcome, the Bureau shall publish in the Federal Register an explanation of the factors it relied on in making its determination. The bill allows appel-lants to identify the area that is im-properly designated. We don’t want to lock people into using counties or ill- fitting census tracts that don’t accu-rately represent the boundaries of their communities. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ) for his important 
contribution to this feature of the leg-islation. This element is important be-cause county sizes and census defini-tions of statistical areas can vary sig-nificantly throughout the country, par-ticularly in Western States. 
Recognizing the issue with its des-
ignation process, on January 29, the Bureau proposed a rule to expand its formula to include census tracts in ad-dition to county lines in its rural des-ignation process. Unfortunately, this administrative correction that was prompted by this legislation is still in-adequate because census tracts are only updated once every 10 years and were designed for demographic data collection, not regulatory purposes. The result is that the Bureau’s formula may now consider most of a rural coun-ty primarily farmland or wilderness to be rural, but the small town that would be home to the actual community bank or credit union may remain nonrural. 
I have already heard from Kentucky 
bankers in rural counties who would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2123 April 13, 2015 
not be covered by this expanded des-
ignation. There are plenty of similar examples throughout the country of the Bureau oddly designating mani-festly rural areas as ‘‘nonrural.’’ Fur-thermore, the Bureau still has not im-plemented an appeals process for im-properly designated communities. 
Mr. Speaker, in summary, this legis-
lation is about inviting individuals— the American people—to participate in their government and provide input on matters of local knowledge. It is about making the Federal Government more accessible, more accountable, and more responsive to the people who know their local communities best. 
I am pleased that this legislation en-
joys bipartisan support and, again, want to thank Representative H
INO-
JOSA for joining me as a cosponsor of 
this legislation. I want to thank Chair-man N
EUGEBAUER for his cosponsorship 
and stewardship of the legislation in committee, as well as my friend Con-gressman F
RENCH HILLfor joining as a 
cosponsor. 
This legislation is endorsed by a 
broad coalition, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, the Na-tional Association of Realtors, the American Bankers Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, the Credit Union National Association, and the National Associa-tion of Federal Credit Unions. 
This is a commonsense and narrowly 
focused bill to address a real problem imposed by Washington on rural Amer-ica. I appreciate the opportunity to present it here today, and I urge my 
colleagues to support this simple, bi-partisan reform. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ), 
my friend. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. I want to thank Con-
gressman M IKECAPUANO for yielding 
time to me on this important bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1259, the Helping Expand Lend-ing Practices in Rural Communities Act. This commonsense legislation would provide much-needed relief to rural Americans not just in my dis-trict, but in districts all over the coun-try. 
I especially would like to thank my 
esteemed colleague from Kentucky, Representative A
NDY BARR, for intro-
ducing this very important piece of legislation once again. I fully agree with Congressman B
ARR’s examples 
which he gave affecting his district and all of the State of Kentucky because in the great State of Texas, we have ex-amples that will mirror those that you 
gave us. 
All across my district—and I rep-
resent approximately 80 communities in my congressional district that ex-pands 250 miles geographically—many rural communities are having trouble getting access to credit, while credit unions and small banks are also finding it difficult to service their members and clients. The designation of a county as rural 
has many implications for lenders in those areas, especially with regard to the credit products that they can offer. For example, under the new qualified mortgage rules, balloon mortgage pay-ments, which are a common credit product offered in rural communities, would expose small creditors to in-creased legal liability. Because of this, the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau established a safe harbor to allow for small creditors in counties as I have described designated as rural to continue offering this financial product which serves so many of the people in those areas; but if not designated as rural, many of those communities I have mentioned will not qualify for the safe harbor exemption. 
That is why we are here today, trying 
to fix something that needs to be fixed in terms of home mortgage lending. This bill gives those who do business in rural communities all over the country the ability to petition the CFPB to re-verse an improper designation of nonrural for a county that is clearly rural. It will give lenders in many areas throughout my district the flexi-bility they need to offer the credit products that their members depend on, while still keeping in place the very important consumer protections established under the new QM rules. 
I would like to once again thank Rep-
resentative B
ARR for his outstanding 
work on this bill and in our committee. It has been wonderful collaborating with him to bring the concerns of rural communities to the forefront. 
I respectfully request that my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle vote ‘‘yes’’ on passage of H.R. 1259. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t have any other speakers at this time, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
b1630 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, we have 
no further speakers on this bill. 
I would like to add my voice to sup-
porting this bill as well. 
I will tell you unequivocally, my def-
inition of rural is whatever A
NDYBARR 
and R UBE´NHINOJOSA say it is. 11,591 
people in a county? I have that on a street; I have that in a building. I will tell you that I understand full well that there are underserved commu-nities in rural areas, as there are even in some of the most urban areas in the country. 
I thank the gentleman for this bill. I will tell you that my definition of 
rural is anyplace that would take me more than 15 minutes to drive to some good Italian food. If you can’t do that, it must be rural. 
I am glad that this bill is about to 
pass, and I thank the gentleman for of-fering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to close by saying I appre-ciate Mr. B
ARR’s and Mr. H INOJOSA ’s 
work on this very important issue. One of the reasons we are here and 
bringing these bills today is because we have had a tremendous reduction in the number of community-based finan-cial institutions that serve rural Amer-ica. In the last 4 or 5 years, we have lost over a thousand community banks and we have lost over a thousand credit unions. That is a real problem for our smaller communities. One of the things that this bill helps to do is that in many communities there is one bank, there is one financial institution, and without the ability to have flexibility to make these kinds of mortgages, in many cases there would not be mort-gages available in those communities. This is a commonsense bill. It passed 56–2 out of our committee. I would urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1259. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
BUREAU ADVISORY COMMISSION 
TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1265) to apply the require-ments of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1265 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau Ad-
visory Commission Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPLICATION OF FACA. 
Section 1013 of the Consumer Financial 
Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5493) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) A
PPLICATION OF FACA.—Notwith-
standing any provision of the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), such Act shall apply to each advisory committee of the Bureau and each subcommittee of such an advisory committee.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.014 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2124 April 13, 2015 
which to revise and extend their re-
marks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the primary 
author of this bill, who has worked tirelessly to make sure that these advi-sory committees have transparency. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentleman for yielding to me. I thank him for his support in regard to my legislation and for all the work he does on Financial Services, as well as the support from the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services. I am grateful to them as well. 
As we gather in this Chamber, I don’t 
think it is very often that we come in in a kumbaya moment in regard to the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. I think those who follow our com-mittee would recognize that there are a few differences in how the CFPB is structured and how it should move for-ward. We have had that debate. All of us agree that consumers should be pro-tected, and they should have a strong advocate in that protection. 
Though we have disagreed on some 
elements of the CFPB, I am proud today that we have a bipartisan group coming in talking about some straight-forward reforms that make some of the rules from the CFPB work a lot better and help consumers out, help Ameri-cans out, help our constituents out. 
In regard to my bill, in the last Con-
gress, I tried to go to one of the advi-sory committees at the CFPB. Now, most of these are usually open in gov-ernment. There are only a couple of ex-ceptions. If you work at the CIA, the CIA doesn’t open up their advisory committee meetings for obvious pur-poses and reasons; and the Fed, with the FOMC, when they are setting mon-etary policy, they too don’t open up their meetings, community advisory meetings, for obvious purposes. 
But when I tried to go to a CFPB 
meeting in the last Congress, I was told by the CFPB that they would not ac-commodate my request because their meetings were closed. That concerned me because the CFPB has said that ‘‘transparency is at the core of our agenda, and it is the key part of how we operate.’’ On their Web site, they say that ‘‘you deserve to know what we’re doing for the American public and how we are doing it.’’ 
So I had some concern that when the 
rest of government opens up their meetings, the CFPB wouldn’t open up their meetings and allow the public to hear the conversation and the dialogue that was going on. I highly doubt the information is as sensitive as what is taking place at the CIA or setting mon-etary policy, and if we are protecting consumers, that should be an open con-versation and debate. When I introduced a similar bill in 
the last Congress, I actually received a phone call from the Director, who said: You know what? This is a good bill. You know, we have had some disagree-ment on how the CFPB is run, but we will open up our meetings. 
Well, I don’t know if in that phone 
call we had we weren’t on the same page or what. I am not going to say it was trickery on the Director’s part, but what happened was the CFPB opened up only a small portion of their advi-sory committee meetings, about an hour and a half, and in the other vast majority of the meetings, they moved them into what was called a sub-committee so they wouldn’t be open. What my bill today does is make sure these meetings are open to the public, that we as a community, as an Amer-ican family, get to see the conversation that is taking place in the advisory committees to the CFPB. It makes complete sense. 
I am proud and honored that my 
friends across the aisle were supportive of this measure. The ranking member, Ms. W
ATERS , actually spoke kind of in 
favor of my proposal. I mean, I took it that way. She voted for it and rec-ommended a vote in favor of it. I appre-ciate her bipartisanship. 
I think this is about making good 
work, making it accountable, making it transparent, and that is a start, at least in the advisory meetings that our government takes part in. 
I am grateful for the support; I am 
grateful for the time, and I urge my colleagues to support this great piece of bipartisan, transparent legislation. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill. As Mr. D
UFFY just said, on occa-
sion, we can come to an agreement. This is the second CFPB bill we have done in a row. There are many things we would like to work together on. 
We do wish, however, that on some of 
the other items on the CFPB, some of the members of the Financial Services Committee would kind of get off the horse a little bit and come on down and work with us. 
These two bills are very good bills, as 
far as I am concerned. The CFPB al-ready does some of the things this act would impose, but they should do them all. There is no question about it. That is why this is an easy bill to support. I thank Mr. D
UFFY for offering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin’s work on this. Some of the points that he made is that this is about transparency. Why that is important is because this agen-cy, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, is making the important deci-sions about the kinds of financial prod-ucts that American families can ac-cess. 
Quite honestly, some people think 
that, in many ways, the actions of this agency have been beginning to reduce 
some of the availability of some of those financial products. 
I think it is important to have these 
advisory groups. I want to commend the agency for having those, but I think it is important, also, for the American people to hear the comments and the discussions that are going on that could inevitably affect the kinds of financial products that they are going to be able to access in the future. 
Now, the fact is that many of the 
other agencies have to fall under the FACA, but because this agency is tucked inside the Federal Reserve—and the Federal Reserve currently is ex-empt—but, quite honestly, the only other agencies that are exempt from it are the CIA, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Federal Reserve as they are talking about monetary policy. I hardly believe that the CFPB falls in the same category of any of these other agencies that are exempt. 
This is a commonsense piece of legis-
lation. It allows that same trans-parency available in all other agencies across the government and allows the American people to hear those impor-tant discussions about their future and about the financial products that they are going to be able to access in the fu-ture. 
Again, I want to remind everybody 
this was a bipartisan bill that passed 56–2 out of our committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support passage of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1265. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY 
ACT AMENDMENT 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1367) to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Is-lands. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1367 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPLICATION OF THE EXPEDITED 
FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Expedited Funds 
Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.017 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2125 April 13, 2015 
(1) in section 602(20) (12 U.S.C. 4001(20)) by 
inserting ‘‘, located in the United States,’’ after ‘‘ATM’’; 
(2) in section 602(21) (12 U.S.C. 4001(21)) by 
inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; 
(3) in section 602(23) (12 U.S.C. 4001(23)) by 
inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; and 
(4) in section 603(d)(2)(A) (12 U.S.C. 
4002(d)(2)(A)), by inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take 
effect on January 1, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous materials on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a noncontrover-
sial, bipartisan bill. It was carried by the Democratic Representative from American Samoa last Congress. 
This is a proconsumer measure that 
would improve the check clearing wait times in American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. Other non-contiguous U.S. States and territories are already subject to this act. This bill provides parity and helps improve financial services in American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
This bill passed the House on suspen-
sion last Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this bill as well. 
Again, it is a simple, straightforward bill that simply says that American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Is-lands are part of America, as is every other part of America. They should be treated the same. 
This bill corrects a law that cur-
rently does not allow them to be treat-ed the same in financial services mat-ters. It should be passed immediately. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I will read 
a statement that Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN of 
American Samoa submitted to me in reference to this. She is the primary sponsor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Avail-ability Act to clarify the application of that 
act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
I would first like to thank Chairman Hen-
sarling and Ranking Member Waters, as well as the House Financial Services Committee staff, who worked so hard to get this bill to the floor. I appreciate their dedication, as do the people of American Samoa and the CNMI. 
As you know, the isolation of American 
Samoa, both geographically and economi-cally, lends itself to difficulties in financial transactions that take place between Amer-ican Samoa and those off island. 
Many times, our citizens and businesses 
must wait an exorbitant amount of time be-fore they can receive off-island funds that have been sent to them. These delays often cause hardships that are both unnecessary and unfounded. 
H.R. 1367 will eliminate the excessive 
delays that the people of American Samoa must currently deal with in order to receive funds sent to them from off-island. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman 
Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for their consideration of this measure that will greatly improve the lives of the people of American Samoa. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the 
House of Representatives to vote in favor of this bill that will bring American Samoa and the CNMI into the fold financially in regards to off-island transactions. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this 
bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, the people of 
the Northern Mariana Islands deserve the same protections of federal law as other Americans. Making sure my people get equal treatment is one of the reasons I came to Congress and equivalent treatment brings me to the floor today in support of H.R. 1367. 
As we have heard, H.R. 1367 extends the 
protections of the Expedited Funds Availability Act to the people of the Northern Marianas and American Samoa. This would mean that account holders in the Northern Marianas and American Samoa would have timely access to their money when they deposit a check in their bank. 
The same banking rules would apply in the 
Northern Marianas and American Samoa as apply in Alaska, Hawai’i, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands—the areas of our nation not directly connected to the contiguous forty- eight states. 
It may be that in 1987, when the Expedited 
Funds Availability Act was first adopted, the Northern Marianas and American Samoa seemed remote from the rest of America. Back then, paper checks may have been bun-dled up and sent through the mail. So delays were inevitable. 
But today banking is handled electronically. 
With a smart phone many banking customers can take a picture of a check and deposit it in their account without even going to the bank. 
I have checked with the major banks in my 
district; none has any problem with having this federal law apply to their operations—because they all do business electronically and make deposits quickly available. 
So, clearly, it is time to update federal bank-
ing laws with respect to the Northern Marianas and American Samoa and join the 21st cen-tury. 
I want to thank my friend, Congresswoman 
A
UMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN , for intro-
ducing H.R. 1367. And I want to congratulate her for getting her bill moved through the Fi-
nancial Services Committee and brought to the floor quickly and early in the 114th Con-gress. 
This same language has passed the House 
before, but died in the Senate. But the quick start that Congresswoman R
ADEWAGEN has 
given her bill will allow the Senate more time—and, we hope, enough time—to make this simple correction to the way federal law applies in two of our nation’s insular areas. 
I would also like to thank Chairman J
EB 
HENSARLING , Ranking Member M AXINE  
WATERS , and all the members of the Financial 
Services Committee for recognizing that cre-ating a uniform application of federal banking law—at least with respect to how quickly de-positors have access to their funds—is an area of bipartisan consensus. 
I ask all Members of the House to agree 
and vote today in favor of H.R. 1367. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
I would first like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING , and Ranking Member W ATERS as 
well as the House Financial Services Com-mittee staff who worked so hard to get this bill to the floor. I appreciate their dedication as do the people of American Samoa and the CNMI. 
As you know, the isolation of American 
Samoa, both geographically and economically, lends itself to difficulties in financial trans-actions that take place between American Samoa and those off island. 
Many times, our citizens and businesses 
must wait an exorbitant amount of time before they can receive off-island funds that have been sent to them. These delays often cause hardships that are both unnecessary and un-founded. 
H.R. 1367, will eliminate the excessive 
delays that the people of American Samoa must currently deal with in order to receive funds sent to them from off-island. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and Ranking Member W ATERS for 
their consideration of this measure that will greatly improve the lives of the people of American Samoa. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the U.S. 
House of Representatives to vote in favor of this bill that will bring American Samoa and the CNMI into the fold financially in regards to off island transactions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1367. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1645 
SAFE ACT CONFIDENTIALITY AND 
PRIVILEGE ENHANCEMENT ACT 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1480) to ensure access to cer-tain information for financial services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2126 April 13, 2015 
industry regulators, and for other pur-
poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1480 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SAFE Act 
Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION 
SHARED BETWEEN STATE AND FED-ERAL FINANCIAL SERVICES REGU-LATORS. 
Section 1512(a) of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage 
Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5111(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or financial services’’ before ‘‘industry’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
The SAFE Act is a simple, bipartisan 
bill that encourages information-shar-ing between Federal and State regu-lators. 
Ensuring the confidentiality of infor-
mation provided to the National Mort-gage Licensing System encourages its uses, which better protects consumers from bad actors who switch States for licensing purposes to evade scrutiny. 
This legislation provides assurance 
for financial institutions that privi-leged information shared between Fed-eral banking regulators and State reg-ulatory agencies will be protected and remain confidential. 
This will encourage a greater amount 
of sharing between institutions and their regulators, and will allow our Na-tion’s financial regulators to do their jobs to ensure that our financial insti-tutions are operating lawfully, while, at the same time, able to offer con-sumer credit products that are critical to Americans to finance their everyday purchases and start small businesses. 
The NMLS is used by regulators in 
all 50 States, and it is supported by the Conference of State Bank Supervisors. 
This bill passed the House on suspen-
sion last Congress, and it passed the Senate by unanimous consent. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, on most 
social issues, I consider myself a lib-eral. On most fiscal matters, I consider myself a conservative in the true sense of the word, not the new sense of the 
word, meaning that you should pay for those things that you want. 
When it comes to privacy matters, I 
consider myself a proud Libertarian. There is absolutely no reason for any-one who doesn’t need information that I don’t want them to have to get, pe-riod. It is my information, my informa-tion to share only with those with whom I wish to share it. 
This bill takes one step further to-
wards keeping my information private and confidential between me and those people I seek to share it with. It is a great bill. I look forward to voting for it. 
This information is necessary to be 
shared to simply keep our financial services system going, but there is no reason whatsoever to allow it to be nonconfidential and to be spread around and be available to anybody who might want to look at it. 
I support the passage of this bill. I 
congratulate Mr. D
OLDfor putting this 
forward for us to vote on, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, it 
is my honor to yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), the primary 
author of this bill, who has worked tirelessly in this area. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I certainly 
want to thank the chairman for his leadership. I want to thank my good friend from Massachusetts, and I also want to comment on the fact that we are delighted that you are a Liber-tarian on some of these things. 
As we look, Mr. Speaker, at H.R. 1480, 
the SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act, it pre-serves the ability of the State and Fed-eral financial regulators to share infor-mation regarding consumer financial services businesses that are licensed at the State level in the National Mort-gage Licensing System without losing the privilege and confidentiality pro-tections provided by State and Federal law. 
This is a bipartisan bill that pro-
motes smart and efficient regulation among State regulators. It ensures that State regulators can talk to their colleagues across State lines regarding multistate financial service entities without losing traditional privilege and constitutionality protections. 
These amendments are needed due to 
the unintended gap in the existing Na-tional Mortgage Licensing System statute. As State regulators have ex-panded their use of the NMLS in order to enhance consumer protections, to combat fraud, increase uniformity, and reduce regulatory burdens in licensing processes, privacy protections have not kept up. 
This is a commonsense bill that pro-
vides regulators with the certainty that they can continue to share infor-mation and collaborate with their col-leagues across State lines. 
Protecting the integrity of the Na-
tional Mortgage Licensing System is important because it better protects 
consumers from bad actors who switch States for licensing purposes to evade scrutiny. 
This is ensuring, Mr. Speaker, smart 
regulations. 
Again, I talk to people all around my 
district. The fact is that we are not against regulations. We just want our regulations to be smart and tailored, and this is one of those things that, again, working across the aisle and trying to find common ground, this is one that I believe that we can agree on. 
H.R. 1480 does not create any new 
privilege or confidentiality rights. It merely ensures that the existing privi-lege and confidentiality protections are retained when information is shared through the National Mort-gaging Licensing System so that regu-lators can share information and com-municate. 
H.R. 1480 has received support from 
the Conference of State Bank Super-visors, the Credit Union National Asso-ciation, and the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, in my home State. 
The SAFE Act Confidentiality and 
Privilege Enhancement Act passed out of this committee, out of the Financial Services Committee, 58–0. I certainly urge my colleagues to support this bill, and look forward to its passage. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this truly is a bipartisan bill. It is a commonsense bill. I think the whole group of bills that we have seen this afternoon will go a long way to helping keep commonsense regulations; at the same time, making sure the consumers are protected. So I urge my colleagues to support passage of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1480. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock 52 minutes 
p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) at 6 o’clock and 30 
minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.022 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2127 April 13, 2015 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 650, PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2015, PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 685, MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2015, AND PRO-VIDING FOR ADOPTION OF S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RES-OLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. SESSIONS from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–65) on the resolution (H. Res. 189) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 650) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to im-prove upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction, and providing for adoption of the concurrent resolu-tion (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 1259, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1265, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 1480, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
HELPING EXPAND LENDING PRAC-
TICES IN RURAL COMMUNITIES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1259) to provide for an appli-cation process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 1, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 145] 
YEAS—401 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt 
Aguilar Allen 
Amash Amodei 
Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) 
Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Vela´zquez 
NOT VOTING—29 
Bridenstine 
Clarke (NY) Cooper Crawford Edwards Ellison Fincher Gohmert Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hanna King (NY) Loebsack Lucas Marchant Meng Nugent Pittenger Rooney (FL) Ruiz 
Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Smith (WA) Visclosky Westmoreland 
b1900 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
145, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
BUREAU ADVISORY COMMISSION 
TRANSPARENCY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1265) to apply the require-ments of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 2, not voting 28, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.025 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2128 April 13, 2015 
[Roll No. 146] 
YEAS—401 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier 
DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Nadler Vela ´zquez 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bridenstine 
Clarke (NY) Cooper Crawford Edwards Ellison Fincher Gohmert Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hanna King (NY) Loebsack Lucas Marchant Meng Nugent Pittenger Rooney (FL) Ruiz 
Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Visclosky Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1907 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SAFE ACT CONFIDENTIALITY AND 
PRIVILEGE ENHANCEMENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HURD of Texas). The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1480) to ensure access to certain infor-mation for financial services industry regulators, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 0, not voting 30, as follows: [Roll No. 147] 
YEAS—401 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.021 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2129 April 13, 2015 
Pitts 
Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Beyer 
Bridenstine Clarke (NY) Cooper Crawford Edwards Ellison Fincher Gohmert Grayson Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Heck (WA) King (NY) Loebsack Lucas Marchant Meng Nugent Pittenger 
Rooney (FL) Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Visclosky Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1915 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
was unavoidably detained in my district and missed recorded votes Nos. 145–147. Had I been present: on rollcall No. 145, H.R. 1259— Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall No. 146, H.R. 1265—Bureau Advi-sory Commission Transparency Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea,’’ and on rollcall No. 147, H.R. 1480—SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY AS PART OF THE COM-MEMORATION OF THE DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-
charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 9, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 9 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
HOLOCAUST DAYS OF REMEM-BRANCE CEREMONY. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor 
Center is authorized to be used on April 16, 2015, for a ceremony as part of the com-memoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. Physical prepara-tions for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such condi-tions as may be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 34, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 34 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor 
Center is authorized to be used on May 20, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congres-sional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces collectively, in recognition of their he-roic military service and defense of our country’s freedom throughout the history of aviation warfare. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO 
DECLARE A RECESS ON WEDNES-DAY, APRIL 29, 2015, FOR THE PURPOSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING HIS EXCEL-LENCY SHINZO ABE, PRIME MIN-ISTER OF JAPAN 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 29, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a re-cess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2015 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE 
CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 978 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 978, a bill originally in-troduced by Representative Schock of Illinois, for the purpose of adding co-sponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HOPE FOR THOSE WITH 
ALZHEIMER’S 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, today, 
there are over 5 million Americans liv-ing with Alzheimer’s disease. These pa-tients encounter countless obstacles as they learn to live and cope with a con-dition that dramatically impacts their lives. 
When a doctor gives the news to a pa-
tient that they have Alzheimer’s, it is often difficult for those who are af-flicted, as well as their loved ones, to plan the next steps. 
That is why I am cosponsoring the 
HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act that would provide Medicare beneficiaries with a care planning session to offer informa-tion about treatment options for those diagnosed with this disease and their caretakers. 
By giving patients and their care-
takers an opportunity to plan for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.019 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2130 April 13, 2015 
future, we can improve outcomes and 
quality of life for those that are af-flicted with Alzheimer’s. 
Mr. Speaker, for millions of Ameri-
cans and their families that are af-fected by Alzheimer’s, the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act will help give them the information and support that they need to take this disease head on. 
f 
PC NCAA HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
absolutely thrilled to congratulate Providence College on their first ever NCAA men’s ice hockey championship. 
In a back-and-forth game, the Friars 
fell behind twice but managed to re-gain the lead each time. In a stunning finish, PC held off a relentless attack on their goal for over 6 minutes. 
Coach Nate Leaman and the entire 
Providence College team have so much to be proud of this season. With a 26–13– 2 season record, they came in second place in their conference behind their eventual opponent, Boston University, in the finals. 
I would like to take this time to offer 
my congratulations to both teams, but most especially congratulations to the entire Providence College men’s hock-ey team on a well-deserved victory and an outstanding season. 
The entire Ocean State is so proud of 
this accomplishment. 
Congratulations, and go Friars. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CUMBERLAND 
VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM 
(Mr. PERRY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
to recognize the 2015 Cumberland Val-ley High School girls basketball team for winning its second straight Penn-sylvania Interscholastic Athletic Asso-ciation AAAA title. 
The Eagles earned an incredible 32–1 
record and were the Mid Penn and Dis-trict 3 Champions as well. Incredibly, this was their third State final appear-ance in a row. 
Mr. Speaker, if you are looking for a 
reason for this incredible run of suc-cess, I need only point you to the Cum-berland Valley girls basketball vision statement, which states that this pro-gram ‘‘provides a setting for girls to prepare for the ‘game of life’ through the teaching of hard work, cooperation, responsibility, leadership, discipline, sportsmanship, and other essential life skills.’’ 
The team, by its hard, unselfish play 
and exemplary court behavior, is a source of great pride for both the school and community. 
Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional 
District is thrilled with and so proud of these fine young women. I offer my 
heartfelt congratulations to the team, coaches, families, and supporters for this exceptional accomplishment. 
f 
ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY 
EDUCATION ACT 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on the 50th anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act enacted in 1965 to ensure ac-cess to a quality education for all stu-dents. 
I call on my colleagues today to do 
right by our students and reauthorize this legislation and make it even stronger. Sadly, there has been Repub-lican attempts to send us back to 1965. H.R. 5, Republican legislation that passed out of the committee, will un-doubtedly undo the past 50 years of education progress that we have made. 
A true display of Robin Hood in re-
verse, this legislation strips resources away from our neediest students, wid-ening achievement gaps and leaving our low-income students behind. 
For the sake of our students and our 
schools, we must work together to re-authorize a stronger ESEA that up-holds the principles of equal access to education for all, rich or poor. 
From promoting access to early edu-
cation so students can start out strong to investing in STEM education and supporting our teachers, we need a re-authorized ESEA that puts our stu-dents first. Educating our students shouldn’t be a Democratic or Repub-lican issue. 
I urge all of my colleagues to put 
partisanship aside and support our stu-dents. 
f 
RUNNING FOR PARKINSON’S RACE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, while back in my district on April 4, I was proud to be in Erie County, Pennsylvania, for the fourth annual Running for Parkinson’s race, which is an event that seeks to raise awareness for this disease that affects more than 1 million people in the United States alone. 
April is Parkinson’s Disease Aware-
ness Month, and recently, I had the op-portunity to meet with Lynne Gotham, coordinator at Parkinson Partners of northwest Pennsylvania, and Angela Badaracco, founder of the local non-profit Running for Parkinson’s. 
Angela was diagnosed with Parkin-
son’s back in 2005 at the young age of 32 and, since then, has been committed to raise funds to combat this disease. Since Angela and her husband, Matt, started the Running for Parkinson’s race 4 years ago, they have helped raise over $12,000 for Parkinson’s research. It was my privilege to attend this 
year’s race, and I applaud Angela and Parkinson Partners of northwest Penn-sylvania for helping to bring hope and awareness to those living with this dis-ease. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
(Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, since its inception, the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act was and remains a civil rights law. ESEA plays a fundamental role in pro-tecting the rights and educational op-portunity of students living in poverty, students of color, students learning English, and students with disabilities. 
In the last 50 years, we have made 
great progress, but tremendous work remains. Any reauthorization of ESEA must maintain the strong civil rights protections of this historic law. 
We must advance progress, not un-
dermine it. 
f 
SMARTER INTERPRETATION OF 
THE ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, amaz-
ingly, in the fourth year of record drought in California, the Bureau of Reclamation, in its infinite wisdom, decided to release 15,000 acre feet of ad-ditional water to help aid the down-stream swimming of six steelhead fish—this in the time of agriculture being cut anywhere from 100 to 50 per-cent in some areas, receiving 0 percent allocations, cities seeing their needs for horticultural and ornamental needs being cut off, everybody having to scrimp and save on water in California, except for the Bureau’s interpretation of the Endangered Species Act. 
It is high time we put accountability 
back into interpretation of the Endan-gered Species Act as what was put in place in 1973. 15,000 acre feet would be enough for 30,000 households for a year, 4,000 acres of crop land; yet the alloca-tion to move six fish merrily down the stream is the priority right now in California. 
We need to build water storage. We 
need to have smarter interpretation of the Endangered Species Act and these water allocations, ostensibly, for fish-eries. 
f 
b1930 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT 
(Mr. SCOTT of Virginia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.034 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2131 April 13, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize a significant mile-stone that occurred 50 years ago this week. 
On April 11, 1965, President Johnson 
signed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The enactment of the ESEA followed the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision, guaranteeing all children equal educational opportuni-ties. Unfortunately, communities with high concentrations of poverty have never enjoyed equal rights. So, for the last 50 years, the ESEA has remained the single-largest Federal resource for schools that teach our most vulnerable students. 
If we are to keep our promise of equal 
educational opportunity for all, then we must redouble our efforts to level the public education playing field by ensuring that all students have both the resources to achieve academic ex-cellence and the promise of action to intervene when their academic needs aren’t being met. 
This year, we need to renew ESEA in 
order to bring our education system into the 21st century, and we must not waver in our commitment to basic civil rights and education that we made 50 years ago this week. 
f 
THOMAS JEFFERSON 
(Mr. CULBERSON asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, 
today, April 13, marks the birthday of Thomas Jefferson—America’s third President and one of our greatest—who was responsible in so many ways for the creation of this great Nation. 
Thomas Jefferson said on his very 
simple tombstone at Monticello that he was the author of the American Declaration of Independence, the au-thor of the Virginia Statute for Reli-gious Freedom, and the father of the University of Virginia—those things that, in his mind, he had done for the United States rather than those things that the people of the United States had done for him. 
Thomas Jefferson always felt that 
his greatest achievement throughout his life was the preservation of the American Republic—our system of sep-aration of powers, of checks and bal-ances. Above all, he believed very strongly in, all power not given to the Federal Government is reserved to the States and the people respectively. 
That great, good man was born on 
this day, April 13, 1743, and I hope that the Congress of the United States and the people of the United States will continue to honor his legacy by pre-serving and protecting this great inher-itance, the American Republic, with its separation of powers and its recogni-tion that all power is reserved to the States or to the people respectively. ALL LIVES MATTER 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
just as the President does, the United States Congress has the bully pulpit. In doing so, I believe that America cries out for a response. Over the past 6 months to a year, we have seen a num-ber of tragic incidences occurring be-tween civilians and police. In par-ticular, we cite the tragedy of the shooting of Walter Scott in South Carolina. 
All lives matter. To those who have been petitioning 
and protesting—young people indi-cating that black lives matter—it is a reflection of the high number of Afri-can Americans who find themselves at the wrong end of the gun of someone engaged in law enforcement. 
We know that there are good people 
who serve this Nation, and we are a law-abiding nation. So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is extremely important that we begin an open discussion in the Con-gress that deals with the issues of le-thal force, excessive force, police train-ing, statistics. 
I intend to introduce and to ask my 
colleagues to join me on the Cadet bill, which reaches a wide-ranging perspec-tive of the statistics of shootings in America—civilian shootings on police and law enforcement shootings on ci-vilians—because that is the science of criminal justice reform. I draw upon this to say that we cannot be silent anymore. People are hurting. My sym-pathy to those who have lost lives, in-cluding law enforcement and our civil-ians. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO THE 18 VICTIMS 
FROM THE INDEPENDENT HAI-TIAN ASSEMBLY OF GOD CON-GREGATION 
(Mr. MURPHY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, last month, 18 members of the Inde-pendent Haitian Assembly of God con-gregation from my district in Florida were involved in a fatal bus accident while traveling home from a church congregation. The accident left 10 indi-viduals with severe injuries, and 8 members of the congregation were fa-tally wounded. 
This weekend, our community will 
join together to lay them to rest, but I want to take this opportunity on the House floor today to honor those vic-tims who perished. 
As it often happens in times of trag-
edy, our community has come together to support the entire Independent Hai-tian Assembly of God community. Our hearts go out to the victims of this tragedy, to their families, and to this entire community. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit for the R
ECORD  
the names of the victims who died in 
this terrible accident. VICTIMS OF THE INDEPENDENT HAITIAN  
ASSEMBLY OF GOD BUS ACCIDENT  
Volsaint Marsaille, 58, of Fort Pierce; 
Judge Petit-Frere, 66, of Fort Pierce; Obernise Petit-Frere, 58, of Fort Pierce; Lifaite Lochard, 58, of Fort Pierce; Mad-eleine William, 53, of Fort Pierce; Wanie Larose, 60, of Fort Pierce; Dazilla Joseph, 79, of Fort Pierce; Servilus Dieudonne, 71, of Fort Pierce. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. As a Rep-
resentative from this area, I offer my heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased on behalf of every Mem-ber of this body. Our community is strong, and we stand ready to support you as you lay your loved ones to rest. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT 
(Ms. FUDGE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, on Satur-
day April 11, our Nation commemo-rated the 50th anniversary of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act. 
Seven years have passed since No 
Child Left Behind was signed into law, which was the last reauthorization of the ESEA. A new reauthorization is long overdue. We need to make chil-dren our priority by providing equal opportunity for a quality education for all children. 
The partisan manner this House dis-
played for the ESEA’s reauthorization is disheartening and leaves too many of our children behind. Democrats and Republicans should be working to-gether to draft a bill that ensures that all students have access to a world class education, that ensures that States set high standards and goals to ensure all students graduate career or college ready, and that ensures that strong accountability measures are in place for children and families. 
Let us return to the table and draft a 
bill that will support an equitable 21st century education system. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
as we mark the 50th anniversary of the ESEA, we reflect on the simple yet powerful promises that are at the cen-ter of this civil rights law, promises made to all American children—a promise that no matter where you live or what you look like you will not be ignored, a promise that no matter what resources you have you will not be un-dervalued, a promise that, no matter what, you deserve a quality education. 
The ESEA was a substantial step to-
wards fulfilling these promises, but we still have work to do. As we work to-wards reauthorization, we cannot break those promises. We cannot break 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.036 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2132 April 13, 2015 
our promise to make every child count 
by failing to gather information on student achievement for all children. We cannot break our promise to value every child by failing to target funding at the schools that need it the most. We cannot break our promise to uphold the civil rights of all children to have a quality education. Because all chil-dren are worthy, we cannot break our promise. 
Thank you for all that you do on be-
half of our children. They are our fu-ture. 
f 
THE STATE OF BLACK HEALTH: A 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS ASSESSMENT DURING NATIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I yield to my distin-guished colleague from New Jersey, Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE . 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my coanchor, R OBIN KELLY , Con-
gresswoman from Illinois, for being in-volved in this Special Order tonight. 
Thanks also to the members of the 
Congressional Black Caucus who are here tonight on such an important topic. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the people at home who are tuning in to watch this. It is truly an honor to speak to them directly in their homes, to fight on their behalf and to advance our shared priorities. That is why we are here tonight and every Monday night that the House is in session—to address the diverse issues affecting Af-rican American communities through-out our Nation and to let you know that we are here, fighting for you every single day. 
Mr. Speaker, this month is National 
Minority Health Month. It is a chance to evaluate the state of black health, a chance to address health disparities af-fecting racial minorities, and a chance to speak to efforts to advance health equity. Today, African American and other minority populations lag behind in numerous health areas, including in the access to quality care, in timelines of care, and in health outcomes. These disparities have devastating impacts on individuals and families but also on our communities and our society as a whole. 
There are numerous factors that con-
tribute to the health disparities throughout New Jersey’s 10th Congres-sional District and throughout our Na-tion as well—poverty, environmental threats, inadequate access to health care, and educational inequities. These are such interconnected issues that a piecemeal plan to fixing the problem will not work. A comprehensive ap-proach—one that focuses on providing access to quality care for all, creating good jobs that provide a decent living, 
and increasing educational opportuni-ties for low-income communities—is only one way to eliminate the health disparities once and for all. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to get to the members of the CBC who are here, and I turn it over right now to the gentlewoman from Illinois, the Honorable R
OBIN KELLY , who has been 
holding down the fort while I have been dealing with my health issues. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank the 
distinguished gentleman from the Gar-den State, my good friend, D
ONALD  
PAYNE . I am glad he is back and in bet-
ter health in order to lead this Con-gressional Black Caucus Special Order hour on the state of black health. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been the refrain 
of so many people of all races across the country, the refrain of ‘‘black lives matter.’’ We have gathered here this evening because black lives do matter. Whether we are talking about issues of justice or of economic opportunity or of the health of our Nation, black lives matter. The topic of tonight’s Special Order hour is: The State of Black Health—a CBC Assessment during Na-tional Minority Health Month. 
Each April, we observe National Mi-
nority Health Month in order to raise awareness about the gaping health dis-parities that impact communities of color across the Nation. Many of us have been personally affected by the physical and emotional tolls that con-ditions like obesity, diabetes, kidney disease, breast and prostate cancer, and HIV/AIDS have brought on our-selves and our loved ones and neigh-bors. 
Last month marked the 50th anniver-
sary of the Selma to Montgomery marches—the generation-defining events that led to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Like the right to vote, health care is a fundamental civil right that our leaders, health pro-fessionals, and communities must fight to protect. The Affordable Care Act was a critical step in the march toward 
health equity, but there is still much more to be done. 
Dr. Martin Luther King expressed 
this a half century ago when he said: ‘‘Of all of the forms of inequality, in-justice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more, and it has been 
the work of the CBC and of the Con-gressional Black Health Braintrust, which I chair, to advance the critical phrase of the human rights and civil rights struggle—‘‘health equity.’’ 
This year, the CBC’s Health 
Braintrust will focus on three core principles: strengthening our commu-
nities, improving health access, and marching toward a healthier future. The disparities facing minority com-munities in rural areas across the country are too numerous to name. To that end, the Congressional Black Cau-cus Health Braintrust will work vigor-ously to address the gaps that exist when it comes to reducing heart dis-ease, kidney disease, lung ailments, stroke, oral health, lupus, child nutri-tion, HIV/AIDS, mental health dis-orders, gun violence as a public health threat, and other chronic and infec-tious diseases. 
I am glad that, during tonight’s hour, 
we will be focused on strengthening our public health infrastructure and on de-veloping community-oriented, multi-disciplinary approaches to public health, which will close the national health disparity gap. 
b1945 
This National Minority Health 
Month the CBC will work to expand ac-cess to health care, early health edu-cation, and medical investment so that we can make our communities healthier and reduce the prevalence of diseases that disproportionately cut minority lives short. 
Again, I thank my coanchor for the 
next hour. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentlelady from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ), who has done a tre-
mendous job and has stepped into the gap left by the leaving of one of our former colleagues, Donna Christensen from the Virgin Islands. Ms. K
ELLY has 
stepped up to fill the position at the Health Braintrust. She has been a fighter in this area prior to coming to the Congress and has continued to demonstrate her leadership along these lines. 
At this point in time, it is my honor 
to hear from a member of the CBC who has been a leader, seasoned in so many areas and aspects, and has been a real mentor and a role model for me as I come here and try to fight for the American people every day, as he does for his constituents in Illinois, the Honorable D
ANNY DAVIS. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. P
AYNE , for the leadership that he 
provides, and I am delighted to be here with my colleagues as we talk about one of the most pernicious problems that exists in our country, and that is the tremendous disparity that exists among minorities—African Americans, Latinas, and Native Americans—when it comes to health and health care. 
Millions of racial and ethnic minori-
ties have been and continue to be dis-proportionately suffering. Health dis-parities among minorities have been neglected for many decades in this Na-tion, and as a result, millions of racial and ethnic minority Americans con-tinue to lack access to reliable and quality health care. They are often suf-fering more from comorbidities and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.037 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2133 April 13, 2015 
poor health outcomes and are more 
likely to die prematurely from pre-ventible causes compared to their white counterparts. 
Examples of these pervasive health 
disparities include the following: 
The infant mortality rate for African 
Americans and American Indian/Alas-ka Natives are more than two times higher than that for whites; 
African Americans with heart disease 
are three times more likely to be oper-ated on by high-risk surgeons than their white counterparts with heart disease; 
Hispanic Latina women have the 
highest incidence rate for cancers of the cervix, 1.6 times higher than that for white women, with a cervical can-cer death rate that is 1.4 times higher than for white women; 
Puerto Ricans have an asthma preva-
lence rate over 2.2 times higher than non-Hispanic whites, and over 1.8 times higher than non-Hispanic blacks; 
Together, African Americans and 
Hispanics account for 27 percent of the total U.S. population yet account for 62 percent of all new HIV infections; 
American Indian/Alaska Natives have 
diabetes rates that are nearly three times higher than the overall rate; 
Of the more than 1 million people in-
fected with chronic hepatitis B in the United States, half are Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders. 
Of course, one of the bright spots in 
healthcare delivery in this Nation now is the Affordable Care Act. Minorities make up about 30 percent of the popu-lation but are 50 percent of the unin-sured. Currently, the ACA, since its en-actment, has allowed health insurance coverage for 16.4 million Americans who were not insured prior to this law. 
Another bright spot is community 
health centers, which are celebrating their 50th year. The first of these cen-ters was actually approved and funded, the first one being a project between Tufts University in Boston, Massachu-setts, and Bolivar County, Mississippi. It was called the Tufts-Delta Project. Since that time, they now are pro-viding quality health care to more than 23 million low- and moderate-in-come individuals throughout the Na-tion. 
Of course, one of the great needs is 
the need for health education and the recognition that, as people learn how to better care for themselves and to make more effective use of the re-sources that are available, not only do we save money, but we also save lives. 
I was amazed, as people spoke 
against the Affordable Care Act, where, for the first time in their lives, many individuals were going to have access to a regular primary care physician so they didn’t have to go to the emer-gency room of hospitals and get what is called episodic care. So while the disparities are great, we know that progress is perhaps even greater. 
I end with being at a church just the 
other day where we were having some-thing called organ transplant Sunday, and the minister of this particular 
church had had two heart transplants and a kidney transplant. He preached every Sunday and owned a construc-tion company that he ran. That is why we need to make sure that we put ade-quate resources into research and the funding of new approaches and new techniques. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
this evening, for the opportunity to talk about not only the great needs, but also to talk about some of the progress that is being made. 
I thank the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, my colleague, Mr. P
AYNE . 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
ANNY DAVIS), who, as I stat-
ed in my opening remarks about him, has been a deliberate and conscious fighter for not only his constituents, but Americans that find themselves facing these disparities all around the Nation. 
Next it is my honor to hear from the 
gentlelady from Alabama, the Honor-able T
ERRI SEWELL , who had a wonder-
ful participation in her district last month of the 50th anniversary of the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where many of my colleagues were able to go down and celebrate that great victory in this Nation’s history, and I was sorry I couldn’t be there, but I watched from afar and was very delighted to see such an outpouring of respect for a moment in our history that can never be forgot-ten, and we can never let the clock be turned back, as we say. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Thank you 
so much. I want to commend my col-leagues from Illinois and New Jersey for having this wonderful CBC hour on minority health and the disparities that exist. 
I want to talk for a minute about 
how we in Congress have tried to ad-dress these disparities. You know, our Nation celebrated the fifth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act in March. This anniversary marked the historic progress our Nation has made towards making health care not just a privi-lege, but a right for every American. 
The ACA has significantly affected 
the minority population by trying to close the gap on the disparity by giving access to affordable healthcare insur-ance for all Americans. Thanks to the ACA, health insurers can no longer deny coverage to individuals because of preexisting conditions, and women no longer have to pay higher premiums than men. Because of this law, millions of Americans can finally afford to go to the doctor, and families no longer risk losing their home savings and all that they have if a family member gets sick. 
For those who already had insurance, 
the ACA has meant new savings and new protections. This has even been true in my home State of Alabama, a State that did not choose to enact a healthcare exchange, a State that did not expand Medicaid. During the most recent enrollment period, more than 171,000 Alabamians enrolled in quality 
healthcare coverage at a price that they could afford. Over 1.1 million Ala-bamians with private health insurance now have access to free preventive services, and Alabamians with Medi-care have saved more than $240 million in prescription drug costs. In 2014 alone, nearly 90,000 Alabamians saved an average of $931 for prescriptions. Yes, even in my State of Alabama, which chose not to enact a healthcare exchange and not to expand Medicaid, the ACA is working. 
These are more than just numbers. 
Greater access to healthcare insurance leads to a healthier population, which is good news not only for Alabamians, but for all Americans. The ACA, in-deed, works. That is why I have proud-ly defended the ACA against numerous attacks to undermine or repeal the law. Bipartisanship is possible. Mem-bers from both sides of the aisle in both Chambers must work together to strengthen our healthcare system and to ensure that all Americans have ac-cess to quality, affordable healthcare insurance. 
In March, I was proud that 392 of us 
in the House of Representatives agreed on a permanent fix to the flawed Medi-care physician payment system and an extension to the Children’s Health In-surance Program, otherwise known as CHIP. This bipartisan agreement marked a historic victory for our chil-dren of this Nation. It also was a vic-tory for our seniors, working class fam-ilies, and healthcare providers. We must continue to work together to en-sure the healthcare system is working for all of us. 
Unfortunately, for many working 
poor individuals and families, access to quality health care is still out of their reach. An estimated 191,000 Alabam-ians, for example, are uninsured be-cause our Governor has refused to ex-pand Medicaid. Let me repeat that. 191,000 Alabamians would benefit if our Governor would expand Medicaid in the State of Alabama. These individuals pay their taxes, work hard, and con-tribute to their communities. Our gov-ernment should assist them in return. Governor Robert Bentley recently cre-ated the Alabama Health Care Im-provement Task Force to examine ways to increase access to health care in rural Alabama. 
b2000 
I welcome my Governor’s establish-
ment of this task force. I know that when this task force meets, it will rec-ommend expanding Medicaid. 
My hope is that we will put partisan 
politics aside in my great State of Ala-bama and look to what is in the best interest of all the people. Clearly, 191,000 Alabamians fall in that gap, those who currently cannot get healthcare insurance because this State would refuse to expand Medicaid. 
I find it ironic, Mr. Speaker, that my 
Governor would choose to recommend expanding taxes. Increasing taxes is his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.038 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2134 April 13, 2015 
current proposal on the floor in the 
statehouse in order to meet the short-fall that exists in my State. 
Let’s just think about that. My Gov-
ernor would rather increase taxes than to accept money from the Federal Gov-ernment to expand Medicaid—how shortsighted. 
No State that refuses to expand Med-
icaid has been better off without it. Without the expansion, the dramatic healthcare needs of Alabama’s working poor will remain unmet; and rural hos-pitals, many of which I represent, will face growing financial challenges that will undoubtedly lead to reduced serv-ices. 
According to a 2013 study conducted 
by the Culverhouse College of Com-merce at the University of Alabama, the Medicaid expansion would create $28 billion in overall business activity in the State of Alabama. There has not been another economic development investment in the State of Alabama that would bring the State more than 30,000 new jobs annually. 
A 2012 study conducted by the Uni-
versity of Alabama at Birmingham School of Public Health found that Medicaid expansion in our State would generate $20 billion in new economic activity and a $925 million increase in State tax revenues—yes, revenues to our State. 
Expanding Medicaid is clearly not 
only a moral imperative, but I would say to you that it is an economic im-perative in my State. With each day that our State delays expansion, more Alabamians are unable to work due to unrelated health conditions. More rural hospitals have to cut services be-cause of uncompensated care provided in their emergency rooms. 
With each day that my State delays 
expanding, Alabamians continue to forego the immense economic benefit that results from this investment. The greatest casualty, Mr. Speaker, are the most vulnerable Americans, the most vulnerable in our society: the poor, the working poor, the unemployed, the un-insured. 
It is unacceptable that the State of 
Alabama has not chosen to expand Medicaid. We owe it to Alabama tax-payers to expand Medicaid now. 
I want to commend my colleagues, 
Representatives P
AYNE and K ELLY , for 
choosing to talk about the effects of health care on minority populations. I would add that in this day and age, when we have a law—the Affordable Care Act—that stands ready and will-ing to help Americans help them-selves—after all, what we are saying is we are giving access to affordable healthcare insurance, insurance that they have to pay for, insurance that they can get subsidized if they are the working poor—we deserve it as Ameri-cans. 
In this great country, no one should 
go without health care, no one, espe-cially those who are the most vulner-able in our society. 
I hope that through talking about 
the disparities that exist in minority health, we also remember that this 
great institution did do something that would help decrease the disparity. We chose to pass the Affordable Care Act, and every time, we have defended it against repeal. 
It is time that States like the State 
of Alabama get with the program. It is time States like Alabama expand Med-icaid and that we choose our people over politics. Partisan politics should not rule the day; instead, we should care more about the people we rep-resent than the partisan politics of each of our parties. 
I thank my colleagues for continuing 
the fight. The CBC Special Order hour is very important. It highlights not only what is important to minority communities—because what is impor-tant to minority communities is im-portant to all vulnerable communities in America. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
continuing this great tradition. I want to thank them for choosing to talk about health care and the disparities that exist in this country. 
I want to urge all of the Alabama 
lawmakers who are listening to my voice, the State lawmakers who are in Montgomery today, that we need to work together to expand Medicaid in the State of Alabama. The medical case is there. The economic case is there. The moral case is there. 
Let’s do what is right for all Alabam-
ians, and let’s expand Medicaid today. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Alabama for her eloquent remarks on the topic of the evening. Irrespective of where you are in this Nation, these issues are a com-mon thread in communities through-out this Nation. 
I am not surprised that the gentle-
woman from Alabama, Representative S
EWELL , is able to talk about the same 
issues that we are able to talk about in New Jersey, Illinois, California, Flor-ida, and across this Nation, across this great land. 
At this time, I would like to hear 
from the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), an outstanding Member of the 
United States House of Representa-tives. In just her second term, she has demonstrated her superior leadership skills. She is a member of my class, the ‘‘class’’ of the class. 
Mrs. BEATTY. I thank my col-
leagues, Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE  
and Congresswoman R OBIN KELLY , for 
leading this evening’s critical discus-sion on ‘‘The State of Black Health: A Congressional Black Caucus Assess-ment During National Minority Health Month.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is no surprise that we 
are here today because, certainly, we have had many firsthand experiences to know the disparities that exist across all Americans but, more specifi-cally, across African American commu-nities. 
To you, Mr. P
AYNE , thank you for 
having the foresight to come tonight; and to you, Congresswoman K
ELLY , thank you for taking a leadership posi-
tion in helping us share with the Na-tion the value and the importance of protecting all lives but giving informa-tion to the Nation about the state of black health. 
It is imperative that we continue to 
address health disparities that affect racial minorities and work together on the efforts to advance health equity. 
Since July 1971, the Congressional 
Black Caucus has sponsored national conferences and held brain trusts on black health. It is so timely that we have this discussion as we observe Na-tional Minority Health Month. 
Tonight is a call to action, a charge 
for all of us to unite towards a common goal of improving the health of our communities. Everyone in America should be able to live a healthy life, re-gardless of the color of their skin. 
Mr. Speaker, the good news is the 
overall health of an American has im-proved over the past few decades. This is, in part, due to the increased focus on preventive medicine and dynamic new advances in medical technology. 
However, not all Americans have 
benefited equally from healthcare im-provements. Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans now have access to quality, affordable coverage. 
According to the American Medical 
Association, recent studies have shown that despite the steady improvement in overall health of the United States, ra-cial and ethnic minorities experience a lower quality of health services and are less likely to receive routine medical procedures and have higher rates of morbidity and mortality than non-minorities. 
Disparities in health care exist even 
when controlling for gender, condition, age, and socioeconomic status. For ex-ample, cardiovascular diseases account for the largest proportion of inequality in life expectancy between African Americans and non-Hispanic whites. 
According to the American Cancer 
Society, African American women have a 44 percent higher death rate from breast cancer, despite having a mam-mography screening rate that is nearly the same rate for white women. 
According to the Centers for Disease 
Control, the CDC, the infant death rate among African Americans is still more than double that of whites. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, you are going 
to hear my colleagues and I discuss much data and statistics because I am from the great State of Ohio and Ohio ranks 47th in the Nation in infant mor-tality, with black infants dying at twice the rate of white infants. 
According to a 2015 study conducted 
by the Kaiser Family Foundation, in Ohio, on average, 14.5 black infants die per every 1,000 live births, while 6.3 white infants die. 
Ohio community leaders and the 
Greater Columbus Infant Mortality Task Force are working hard to lower Franklin County’s infant mortality rate and the infant mortality rate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.040 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2135 April 13, 2015 
all of Ohio. Tonight, I salute them for 
their research, for their education, and for their consistency to save lives. The statistics are staggering, and we can and must do more to lower and elimi-nate them. 
The societal burden of healthcare dis-
parities in America manifest in mul-tiple and major ways. For example, a 2014 study by the Joint Center for Po-litical and Economic Studies concluded that ‘‘the combined costs of health in-equalities and premature death in the United States were $1.24 trillion.’’ That $1.24 trillion is the cost between 2003 and 2006. 
That is why, on March 23, 2010, when 
President Barack Obama signed the Af-fordable Care Act, it was a monu-mental step that has helped us address the overwhelming statistics and health disparities within our community. I proudly supported the Affordable Care Act because lives matter. All lives matter. Black lives matter. 
Now, we have comprehensive 
healthcare reform that improves access to affordable health coverage and guar-antees that the most vulnerable in our communities have access to care. By improving access to quality health care for all Americans, the Affordable Care Act helps reduce health disparities. 
How does the Affordable Care Act do 
this? This law invests in prevention and wellness, gives individuals more control over their care, and expands initiatives to increase racial and eth-nic diversity in healthcare professions by strengthening cultural competency training for all healthcare providers and improving communications be-tween providers and patients. 
The Affordable Care Act represents 
the most significant Federal effort to reduce disparities in this country’s his-tory. 
Congressman P
AYNE and Congress-
woman K ELLY , again, I salute you. I 
am going to repeat that because it is so important for us to let the Nation know that the Affordable Care Act rep-resents the most significant Federal ef-fort to reduce disparities in this coun-try’s history. 
The Affordable Care Act also in-
creases funding for community health centers which serve an estimated one in three low-income people and one in four low-income minority residents. 
There are over 43 community health 
centers, Mr. Speaker, in Ohio, includ-ing many in my district: Columbus Neighborhood Health Centers, Heart of Ohio Family Health Centers, and Lower Lights Christian Health Centers. 
These community health centers pro-
vide outstanding primary care, dental, behavioral health, and pharmacy serv-ices in our most underserved areas. In 2013, community health centers pro-vided care to over 550,000 Ohioans and recorded over 2 million patient visits. 
We have come a long way, Madam 
Speaker, but there is still much more for us to do. All people should have the opportunity to reach their fullest po-tential for health. We must continue to move forward to combat health dispari-
ties, build healthier communities, and create a stronger country. In order to have a successful Nation, I believe we must have a healthy Nation. 
Let me leave you with something a 
national figure once said: 
If you neglect to recharge a battery, it 
dies. If you run full speed ahead without stopping for water, you lose momentum to finish the race. 
Let us make sure that all Americans 
can finish the race. 
b2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentlelady from Ohio. As I stated in my introduction of her, she has just demonstrated an out-standing leadership in our class that is second to none, and we can always de-pend on her to bring some clear thought to these issues at hand, so we would like to thank her once again. 
Madam Speaker, tomorrow there will 
be a press conference at 1:30 with Rep-resentatives C
AROLINE MALONEY and 
G.K. B UTTERFIELD to discuss the new 
JEC report on persistent economic challenges in black communities. The report is bleak. There is not a lot of good news in this report. 
Nearly one in seven Americans iden-
tify themselves as African American. The third-largest racial ethnic group in the United States, African Americans have made significant social and eco-nomic progress since the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; however, the black community continues to face enormous challenges. 
Economic data reveals startling in-
equities. By many of the most impor-tant measures of economic well-being, blacks lag far behind the majority white population. And that is just the overview of the report. That is just the start. 
I hope the people watching at home 
and my colleagues in earshot of me will be there tomorrow to support our col-leagues at 1:30 at the HVC Studio A. 
I would like to give my colleague, 
Representative K
ELLY , the opportunity 
to provide us more information on the issue at hand. As was mentioned, the Affordable Care Act, something that has passed this Congress, and there have been many attempts to thwart it and repeal it, but the majority is never successful at doing that because people understand what this legislation has meant to this Nation. 
You see, it makes sense for more peo-
ple to have quality affordable health care, and that has been the issue. The first word in the act, ‘‘affordable,’’ has been prohibitive for many Americans to have the health care that they need and desire. 
But this legislation has made it 
available to 16 million more people in this country. Sixteen million people have benefited from this piece of legis-lation that is continually under at-tack. 
Actually, it is 16 million and one, be-
cause I have heard a candidate—the first person to announce they are run-
ning for President of the United States in 2016, who is a Senator, who hails from the great State of Texas—say that with him running, his wife will lose, will stop working at her job, dedi-cate herself to this campaign, so his health care was under her benefits. 
Well, guess what? In a kind of coy lit-
tle shrewd way, he said, Well, you know, now I will take the mantle of getting health care for my family. 
You mean the Affordable Care Act, 
sir? The issue you railed about con-stantly for years since you have come to the Senate? 
Oh, well that is different. It is absolutely incredible, when I sat 
there and watched him try to dance around that, that he is now in the ex-change. It was a sight to see. 
But I will get off of that and let my 
colleague from Illinois provide us some information. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P
AYNE . 
Something I want to speak about is 
oral health. As we discuss the state of black America, I want to address a topic that is so often left out of the public health discourse, and that is the issue of oral health in America. 
Earlier this year, the CBC Health 
Braintrust recognized National Chil-dren’s Dental Health Month, and back in February I had the opportunity to go around my district in a mobile den-tal van to observe local dentists per-forming free oral health screenings around the community. 
These types of effort matter, and oral 
health is a critical piece to overall health wellness. The sad fact is that all across our Nation, many communities are experiencing serious oral health crises. 
Far too many people in urban, subur-
ban, and rural America are lacking ac-cess to dental care, despite the efforts of committed dental professionals and social service organizations. 
We must recognize that access to 
dental health care across the country is not equal. Each year, nearly 50 mil-lion Americans, including 16 million low-income children in underserved communities, go without the oral health services they need. 
As we continue the national discus-
sion on improving health care and re-ducing health disparities in America, it is important that oral health be cen-tral to the conversation. 
When officials discuss health care 
and wellness, they should remember that the mouth is connected to the rest of the body. This seems to be forgotten in the current dialogue about improv-ing health outcomes for all. 
This year I introduced H.R. 539, the 
Action for Dental Health Act, which al-lows organizations to qualify for Health and Human Service oral health grants to support activities that im-prove oral health education and dental disease prevention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.041 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2136 April 13, 2015 
This includes developing and expand-
ing outreach programs that will facili-tate establishing dental homes for chil-dren and adults, including the elderly, blind and disabled. 
This bipartisan legislation will tar-
get crucial Federal dollars to State and local dental organizations to provide proven oral health care services in a manner that effectively addresses the barriers to dental care many Ameri-cans face. It will have a significant im-pact on many underserved commu-nities. 
I think the majority of my colleagues 
know that regular visits to the dentist do more than keep your smile attrac-tive. They can tell a lot about your overall health, including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes or if you are at risk for a stroke. 
As the CBC takes on the critical task 
of creating healthier communities by breaking down barriers, oral health is a subject that must be addressed. This will ultimately help reduce unneces-sary health-care costs by minimizing and eliminating dental diseases in their early stages. 
As I mentioned earlier, I recently vis-
ited a new mobile dental van operated by a hospital in an underserved com-munity in my district that had a stop at the hospital’s Women, Infant, and Children’s Center. They had a pediatric dentist on hand to provide babies and toddlers with their first dental exams. 
I saw firsthand the critical need for 
dental care, not only for these young children, but for their parents. This highlighted all too well the gaps in dental care that are particularly preva-lent in minority communities. 
Viewing the care and service the 
these dental professionals displayed to kids, many of whom had never been to a dentist, reminded me of kids like Deamonte Driver. 
You may recall, he was the 12-year 
old boy from Maryland who died from an untreated tooth infection that spread lethal bacteria to his brain. An untreated tooth condition that could have been resolved with a routine ex-traction cost this boy his life. How is that possible in the most innovative, wealthy Nation in the world? 
I think we should be doing more to 
support volunteer dental projects in underserved communities and improve oral health education, with a par-ticular focus on early oral health edu-cation and care for children. We all know the link between good dental care and overall health has been well established. 
As we look for ways to raise a 
healthier generation of children, in-creasing access and removing barriers to dental care must be at the forefront. Through legislation like H.R. 539, the Action for Dental Health Act, I am working to increase access to dental care and build healthier communities. In improving the state of black health and the state of American health, I ask that we lift up the issue of oral health, and ask that my colleagues take the 
first step by cosponsoring H.R. 539. 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlelady from Illinois. That is so true. And as you stood there and stated those issues, that is some-thing that we have known for quite some time, how oral care impacts so many other parts of your health—and as you mentioned, could really show you the onset of diabetes. 
I mention diabetes, Madam Speaker, 
because I have been out for several weeks now with a foot infection. And it got pretty severe and had to be oper-ated on. But what has complicated the circumstance with my foot is me being a diabetic, a very noncompliant dia-betic, a diabetic who did not take it se-riously, did not take the medicines that I should have for years. 
This circumstance with my foot 
made it all so very clear what needed to be done. The circumstance fright-ened me into doing everything that I am supposed to now, so you are looking at a compliant diabetic. But it is cru-cial, and the diabetes is what has com-plicated the healing of my foot. 
Now, I am a very fortunate person in 
this country. I am living an American Dream that I did not realize would hap-pen to me because of another issue of my father losing his bout with colorectal cancer. He was the Member prior to me, and I took his place. 
But we were fortunate. We have al-
ways had good health care. We are talking about the disparities and the inequities in this Nation for people who are not in the positions that Rep-resentative K
ELLY , myself, and other 
well-to-do Americans are who have health care that keeps them alive. 
Now, whether you use it or not is 
really up to you. But we are afforded that opportunity to get great health care. 
We are talking about people who 
want health care but cannot afford it and find themselves in emergency rooms as their visit to the doctor. They have to wait until they are very ill and go to the emergency room, which is how they get their health care. That costs this Nation millions and billions of dollars. 
But what the Affordable Care Act has 
done is given a lot of these people the opportunity to get pre-screenings and pro-care prior to showing up at the emergency room. 
So whether people realize it or not, 
you end up paying for these people who cannot afford their own health care in your premium, because someone is going to cover it. The insurance com-panies aren’t going to just cover it. The hospitals aren’t, so we pay it in our premiums. 
So as you get more people their own 
health care, it drives the cost down. It will drive the cost down in this Nation, and we will all benefit from more peo-ple being healthier. That is what the Affordable Care Act is about. That is what it does. That is what it does. b2030 
I am so fortunate to live in this Na-
tion, to be able to represent the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey, and to stand here and fight for not only the people of the 10th Dis-trict of New Jersey, but every Amer-ican that deserves an equal oppor-tunity. That is what it is about. 
It is not about favor; it is about the 
opportunity, the equal opportunity. And we see these disparities, iniquities in health care, in economics all across the board, all across this Nation. 
It is incumbent upon us as the Con-
gressional Black Caucus to speak up for the residents that we represent, children and infants. 
You know, even in the 21st century, 
health disparities are stark, especially in African American communities, where life expectancies are lower and infant mortality rates are higher. Chil-dren of color who live below the pov-erty line are much more likely to suf-fer from asthma, develop ADHD, and contract diseases because they can’t af-ford vaccinations. It is the situation across the board. Cancer, African Americans have the highest death rate and the shortest survival rate of any racial ethnic group in the United States. And it just goes on and on. 
It is important that we get the mes-
sage out. And we will continue to fight with Representative R
OBIN KELLY , head 
of the Health Braintrust. I know the work that she will do on behalf of the American people. 
So, Madam Speaker, with that, I 
would just like to thank Ms. K
ELLY for 
the opportunity to speak on what I feel is a dire, dire situation in this country, the inequity in health disparities. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P
AYNE . Welcome back. 
And I am glad you are taking care of yourself. 
Madam Speaker, again, I thank my 
colleagues for taking the time during National Minority Health Awareness Month to assess the very critical state of black health in America. 
As stated earlier, the health dispari-
ties facing communities of color are too significant to adequately address in just an hour. As a recent CDC Health Disparities Report demonstrated: 
Blacks diagnosed with HIV are less 
likely than any other groups to be linked to care, retained in care, receive treatment, and achieve adequate viral suppression; 
Although black Americans represent 
only 12 percent of the U.S. population, they accounted for 44 percent of new HIV infections and represented 49 per-cent of all deaths with HIV in 2010. Furthermore, blacks also accounted for 49 percent of new AIDS diagnoses in 2011; 
According to the U.S. Census Bureau 
2010 Population Estimates, 84 percent of all reported tuberculosis cases oc-curred in racial and ethnic minorities. African Americans accounted for 40 percent of TB cases amongst U.S.-born persons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.042 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2137 April 13, 2015 
These facts account for a few of the 
health disparities affecting the state of black health. 
The Congressional Black Caucus 
Health Braintrust is committed to strengthening our Nation’s public health infrastructure and developing community-oriented, multidisciplinary approaches to public health. We will continue to work vigorously to address health gaps existing in the black com-munity, empower communities, and improve health access in efforts to march toward a healthier future. 
Black lives matter. The state of 
black health matters, and we are con-fident that if we all join together, we can alleviate health disparities facing minority communities across this Na-tion. 
I thank my colleagues and my co-
chair, the Honorable D
ONALD PAYNE , 
Jr., for this hour of discussion, this hour of opportunity, and this hour of change. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the CBC Special Order Hour, ‘‘The State of Black Health: A CBC Assessment During National Minority Health Month.’’ Unfortunately, during a time when the best and most promising health innovation and treatments exist, many individuals in our population face disparities and inequalities in health access, delivery, and outcomes. 
Since April is National Minority Health 
Month, we must highlight these existing dis-parities and enact policies that focus on elimi-nating inequalities and improving the nation’s health at large. The future of our nation’s health mostly depends on the effectiveness of federal, state, and local policies. Traditionally, African Americans and Latinos face the worst health disparities in this country and in my home state of Texas. 
Generally, the death rate for blacks is higher 
than whites for heart disease, stroke, cancer, influenza and pneumonia, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and homicide. In 2010, about two of five Latino adults and one in four black adults were uninsured. While behavioral risk and en-vironmental factors are certainly at play for much of our population, the lack of health care access and especially access to preventive health services in the black and Latino com-munities increases the inequalities in each cat-egory. 
Currently, the adult obesity rate for blacks is 
47.8 percent, 42.5 percent for Latinos, and 32.6 percent for whites. Broken down further, 56.6 percent of black females are obese while 37.1 percent of black males are obese. The black population is the most obese among whites and Latinos in all categories except for black males which is led by Latinos. Obesity takes much of the blame for negative long- term health impacts such as high blood pres-sure, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. 
While the Affordable Care Act has certainly 
helped to improve access to preventive serv-ices within minority communities, much can be done to improve the aforementioned inequal-ities. The Centers for Disease Control and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices Office of Minority Health have laid out several initiatives to promote health equity and close the disparity gap between minorities and 
white Americans. We must support the social, economic, and environmental policies that the CDC and OMH have recommended in order to achieve health equity and eliminate disparities. 
Ms. FUDGE. Madam Speaker, I want to 
thank my colleagues Congressmen P
AYNE and 
KELLY for leading the Congressional Black 
Caucus Special Order Hour. 
My Congressional district in Ohio includes 
much of Cuyahoga County. A few years ago, the county analyzed the relationship between a resident’s life-expectancy and neighborhood, with incredible, but not surprising results. 
The study found that people who lived in 
Hough, a low-income and predominantly Afri-can-American neighborhood in Cleveland, could expect to live 24 years less than some-one who resided in Lyndhurst, an affluent, pre-dominantly white suburb of the city, less than 10 miles away. 
While Hough and Lyndhurst are extreme ex-
amples, they accurately represent national trends: African Americans live, on average, four years less than their white peers. 
It is unacceptable that the American health 
care system, which attracts students, physi-cians and patients from across the world, does not serve all the citizens of this country equal-ly. 
Sadly, the consequences of health dispari-
ties have a major impact on our nation’s chil-dren. 
Students who attend predominantly minority 
schools often do not have access to fresh fruits and vegetables, places to exercise, or many of the other resources we know are nec-essary for a healthy lifestyle. 
It is our responsibility as Members of Con-
gress to ensure our constituents have the op-portunity to be healthy, regardless of how much they make, where they live, or what they look like. 
I am committed to working with my col-
leagues in Congress, the Administration, local and state governments, and private partners to make good on that obligation. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, first, let me 
thank Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY and Con-
gressman D ONALD PAYNE , Jr. for hosting this 
important Special Order. I appreciate your leadership in organizing this important discus-sion on the state of Black Health in America. 
Madam Speaker, every April, we observe 
National Minority Health Awareness Month. This year is particularly significant as we mark 30 years since the groundbreaking Health and Human Services Task Force on Black and Mi-nority Health report. This report sparked the first serious discussion in Washington on ad-dressing the deep racial health disparities that exist in this country. 
This year also marks 50 years since the 
creation of Medicare and Medicaid—programs that have kept and continue to keep Ameri-cans healthy. 
We are also celebrating the fifth year anni-
versary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act—the most significant legislation to improve the health of all Americans in more than a generation. 
These legislative achievements continue 
moving us closer to health equity for all—how-ever, major health disparities still exist. 
The zip code in which you are born still de-
termines your likely life expectancy. 
Gross disparities exist from zip code to zip 
code—even within the same city or county. So today, I rise to join my colleagues in the 
Congressional Black Caucus to bring to light the state of Black health in America and call for more action to address persistent and lin-gering disparities in health access, treatment and care. 
Since the passage of The Affordable Care 
Act, access to care has dramatically expanded in communities of color. The uninsured rate has declined 7.3 percent in the African Amer-ican community. And more people have ac-cess to affordable, quality healthcare—all thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
When we were crafting the Affordable Care 
Act, I had the privilege of serving as Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
And let me tell you, we worked day and 
night with our colleagues in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and Congressional Asian Pa-cific American Caucus, to push Congress and the Administration to craft the best possible bill. 
Since its passage, the Affordable Care Act 
has improved the American health care sys-tem: Healthcare is now more affordable and accessible than ever 
Women can no longer be discriminated 
against because they are a woman, have a pre-existing condition—such as HIV/AIDS—or have been the victim of domestic violence; 
Young people can stay on their parent’s 
health insurance until they are 26; and 
People with serious conditions, like cancer, 
no longer face the real fear of hitting their life-time cap and being denied life-saving treat-ment. 
The ACA also expands the capacity of the 
healthcare delivery system to better serve those at risk for and living with HIV/AIDS. 
These are the facts. The Affordable Care 
Act has dramatically increased access to pre-ventative care for women, low-income commu-nities, and people of color. 
Despite rabble-rousing and grandstanding 
from the right, this law is saving lives—every, day, in communities across America—from Maine to my district in the East Bay. 
During the last enrollment period, 16.4 mil-
lion Americans obtained health insurance, and more than half a million came from my home state of California. 
Make no mistake—the Affordable Care Act 
is working. 
African Americans and Latinos, historically 
underinsured or uninsured groups, have seen the greatest declines in their uninsured rates. This is especially good news for African Amer-icans who are living with HIV, where the key to halting the epidemic is access to affordable and quality care. 
With this increase in coverage, we are be-
ginning to close the gap in racial and ethnic health disparities and access to care. 
However, much work remains to truly realize 
health equity in America. 
Right now—in America, the richest and 
most powerful country in the world—African Americans still suffer from disproportionately high numbers of preventable deaths, dispari-ties in access to quality health care, and underrepresentation within the medical com-munity. 
African Americans have the highest mor-
tality rate of any racial and ethnic group from cancer. 
Furthermore, African-Americans are 40% 
more likely to die from a stroke than whites, and 30% more likely to die from heart disease than whites. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.044 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2138 April 13, 2015 
And while African Americans are only 13% 
of the U.S. population, they account for nearly half of all new HIV infections. African Ameri-cans also account for the highest HIV-related deaths and HIV death rates. 
Madam Speaker—this is unacceptable. In an age where technology and innovation 
are paving the way to new medical break-throughs, these persistent disparities in healthcare cannot be allowed to continue. 
That is why today, I urge my colleagues: 
Let’s work together and commit ourselves to passing legislation that will end racial and eth-nic disparities and achieve health equity. 
The Affordable Care Act was a good start 
but more is needed. 
For years, the Congressional tri-caucus has 
championed this effort by introducing The Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA). Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY will have the 
honor in introducing this important legislation this Congress and I am proud to co-lead this effort as co-chair of the CAPAC Health Task Force. 
This important legislation builds on the Af-
fordable Care Act and puts us on track to eliminate health disparities in our country. 
The Health Equity and Accountability Act 
would address incidences of terminal and chronic diseases that disproportionally affect communities of color, including cancer, diabe-tes, heart disease and HIV/AIDS. 
So, in recognition of National Minority 
Health Awareness Month, I urge my col-leagues to support this important bill in order to truly achieve health equity for all. 
Madam Speaker, the state of black health in 
America is improving, but much work remains before us. 
As our drum major for justice, Dr. King, told 
us, ‘‘of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhu-mane.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to join us in securing 
health equity for all. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, Na-
tional Minority Health Month is a very impor-tant time to bring awareness to the many health concerns facing minority communities. 
My colleagues in the Congressional Black 
Caucus and I understand the very difficult challenges facing us in the form of huge health disparities among our community and other minority communities. 
We will continue to seek solutions to those 
challenges. It is imperative for us to improve the prospects for living long and healthy lives and fostering an ethic of wellness in African- American and other minority communities. Certainly, the Affordable Care Act, which I co- sponsored and worked on has brought a new quality of life and access to healthcare for mil-lions of Americans including minorities. 
I thank all of my CBC colleagues who been 
toiling in the vineyards for years developing ef-fective public policies and securing the re-sources needed to eradicate racial and gender disparities in health and wellness. 
Let me focus these brief remarks on what I 
believe are some of the greatest impediments to the health and wellness of the African- American community and other minority com-munities. 
The first challenge is reversing the dan-
gerous trend of increasing obesity in juveniles and young adults. Cancer, diabetes and hepa-titis are of great importance as well as com-bating the scourge of HIV/AIDS. Finally, we must confront the leading cause 
of death of young African-American males be-tween the ages of 15–24; that cause is not disease or accidental death, but homicide. 
OBESITY  
Although the obesity rates among all Afri-
can-Americans are alarming, as Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I am espe-cially concerned about the childhood obesity epidemic among African-American youth. More than 40 percent of African-American teenagers are overweight, and nearly 25 per-cent are obese. 
In 2007, my office in concert with the office 
of Congressman Towns and the Congres-sional Black Caucus Foundation, held a wide-ly-attended issue forum entitled, ‘‘Childhood Obesity: Factors Contributing to Its Dispropor-tionate Prevalence in Low Income Commu-nities.’’ 
At this forum, a panel of professionals from 
the fields of medicine, academia, nutrition, and the food industry discussed the disturbing in-creasing rates of childhood obesity in minority and low-income communities, and the factors that are contributing to the prevalence in these communities. 
What we know is that African-American 
youth are consuming less nutritious foods such as fruits and vegetables and are not get-ting enough physical exercise. This combina-tion has led to an epidemic of obesity, which directly contributes to numerous deadly or life- threatening diseases or conditions, including the following: hypertension, dyslipidemia (high cholesterol or high triglyceride levels), Type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, Stroke, gall-bladder disease, osteoarthritis, asthma bron-chitis, sleep apnea, and other respiratory prob-lems, cancer (breast, colon, and endometrial. 
When ethnicity and income are considered, 
the picture is even more troubling. African- American youngsters from low-income families have a higher risk for obesity than those from higher-income families. 
Since the mid-1970s, the prevalence of 
overweight and obesity has increased sharply for both adults and children. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), among African-American male adults aged 20–74 years the prevalence of obesity increased from 15.0% in 1980 survey to 32.9% in the 2004. 
There were also increases in overweight 
among children and teens. For children aged 2–5 years, the prevalence of overweight in-creased from 5.0% to 13.9%; for those aged 6–11 years, prevalence increased from 6.5% to 18.8%; and for those aged 12–19 years, prevalence increased from 5.0% to 17.4%. 
As the debate over how to address the ris-
ing childhood obesity epidemic continues, it is especially important to explore how attitudes, environmental factors, and public policies influ-ence contribute to obesity among African- American males. 
Some of these contributing factors are envi-
ronmental, others are cultural, still others are economic, and others still may be lack of edu-cation or information. But one thing is clear: we must find ways to remove them. 
CANCER  
Certain groups in the United States are not 
doing as well as others when it comes to pre-venting and surviving cancer. 
Many such disparities are apparent among 
certain minority populations such as African Americans and Hispanics. The reasons why cancer adversely affects 
these groups are largely related to issues such as poverty, access to health care, and other socioeconomic factors. 
The cancer death rate among African Amer-
ican men is 27% higher compared to non-His-panic white men. 
The death rate for African American women 
is 11% higher compared to non-Hispanic white women. 
African Americans have the highest inci-
dence rates of colorectal cancer of any racial or ethnic group. 
Hispanics have higher rates of cervical, 
liver, and stomach cancers than non-Hispanic whites. 
Liver cancer incidence and death rates 
among Asian/Pacific Islanders are double those among non-Hispanic whites. 
DIABETES  
About 19 percent of all non-Hispanic black 
Americans age 20 or older (about 5 million people) have diabetes, the highest rate of any ethnic group. 
Among Hispanic adults, more than 2.5 mil-
lion or about 11 percent of the population have diabetes; 14 percent of American Indians and Alaska Natives are living with the disease. 
Compared with non-Hispanic white adults, 
the risk of diabetes is 18 percent higher in Asian-Americans, 66 percent higher in His-panics/Latinos, and 77 percent higher in non- Hispanic African-Americans. 
HEPATITIS  
In 2002, 50 percent of those infected with 
Hepatitis B were Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
Black teenagers and young adults become 
infected with Hepatitis B three to four times more often than those who are white. 
One recent study has found that black peo-
ple have a higher incidence of Hepatitis C in-fection than white people. 
HIV/AIDS 
HIV/AIDS is now the leading cause of death 
among African Americans ages 25 to 44— ahead of heart disease, accidents, cancer, and homicide. 
The rate of AIDS diagnoses for African- 
Americans in 2003 was almost 10 times the rate for whites. 
Between 2000 and 2003, the rate of HIV/ 
AIDS among African American males was seven times the rate for white males and three times the rate for Hispanic males. 
African American adolescents accounted for 
65 percent of new AIDS cases reported among teens in 2002, although they only ac-count for 15 percent of American teenagers. 
Billions and billions of private and federal 
dollars have been poured into drug research and development to treat and ‘‘manage’’ infec-tions, but the complex life cycle and high mu-tation rates of HIV strains have only marginally reduced the threat of HIV/AIDS to global pub-lic health. 
I have strongly supported legislation spon-
sored by CBC members and others to give in-creased attention and resources to combating HIV/AIDS, including the Ryan White CARE Act. 
I support legislation to reauthorize funding 
for community health centers (H.R. 5573, Health Centers Renewal Act of 2006), includ-ing the Montrose and Fourth Ward clinics in my home city of Houston, and to provide more nurses for the poor urban communities in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.032 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2139 April 13, 2015 
which many of these centers are located (H.R. 
1285, Nursing Relief Act for Disadvantaged Areas). 
I have also authored legislation aimed to 
better educate our children (H.R. 2553, Re-sponsible Education About Life Act in 2006) and eliminate health disparities (H.R. 3561, Healthcare Equality and Accountability Act and the Good Medicine Cultural Competency Act in 2003, H.R. 90). 
We must continue research on treatments 
and antiretroviral therapies, as well as pursue a cure. We absolutely have to ensure that ev-eryone who needs treatment receives it. 
And we simply must increase awareness of 
testing, access to testing, and the accuracy of testing. Because we will never be able to stop this pandemic if we lack the ability to track it. 
GUN VIOLENCE AND HOMICIDE  
The final health challenge confronting the 
African-American community, and African- American males in particular, involves the issue of gun violence and homicide. 
This must be a priority health issue for our 
community. Over 600,000 Americans are vic-timized in handgun crimes each year, and the African-American community is among the hardest hit. 
It was only a little over a week ago that one 
of my constituents was, caught in a cross fire 
that ended his life. 
Neither the mind nor the heart can con-
template a cause that could lead a human being to inflict such injury and destruction on fellow human beings. 
Since 1978, on average, 33 young black 
males between the ages of 15 and 24 are murdered every six days. Three-quarters of these victims are killed by firearms. 
In 1997, firearm homicide was the number 
one cause of death for African-American men ages 15–34, as well as the leading cause of death for all African-American 15–24 year olds. The firearm death rate for African-Ameri-cans was 2.6 times that of whites. 
According to the Centers for Disease Con-
trol, the firearms suicide rate amongst African- American youths aged 10–19 more than dou-bled over a 15 year period. Although African- Americans have had a historically lower rate of suicide than whites, the rate for African- Americans 15–19 has reached that of white youths aged 15–19. 
A young African-American male is 10 times 
more likely to be murdered than a young white male. The homicide rate among African-Amer-ican men aged 15 to 24 rose by 66 percent from 1984 to 1987, according to the Centers for Disease Control. 
Ninety-five percent of this increase was due 
to firearm-related murders. For African-Amer-ican males, aged 15 to 19, firearm homicides have increased 158 percent from 1985 to 1993. In 1998, 94 percent of the African-Amer-ican murder victims were slain by African- American offenders. 
In 1997, African-American males accounted 
for 45 percent of all homicide victims, while they only account for 6 percent of the entire population. 
It is scandalous that a 15-year-old urban Af-
rican-American male faces a probability of being murdered before reaching his 45th birth-day that ranges from almost 8.5 percent in the District of Columbia to less than 2 percent in Brooklyn. 
By comparison, the probability of being mur-
dered by age 45 is a mere three-tenths of 1 percent for all white males. Firearms have become the predominant 
method of suicide for African-Americans aged 10–19 years, accounting for over 66 percent of suicides. 
In Florida, for example, African-American 
males have an almost eight times greater chance of dying in a firearm-related homicide than white males. In addition, the firearm-re-lated homicide death rate for African-American females is greater than white males and over four times greater than white females. 
Nearly 50 percent of all homicide perpetra-
tors give some type of prior warning signal such as a threat or suicide note. Among the students who commit a school-associated homicide, 20 percent were known to have been victims of bullying and 12 percent were known to have expressed suicidal thoughts or engage in suicidal behavior. 
I have been working tirelessly in Congress 
to end gun violence by introducing legislation to assist local governments and school admin-istrators in devising preventive measures to reduce school-associated violent deaths. 
I have introduced sensible legislation to as-
sist law enforcement departments, social serv-ice agencies, and school officials detect and deter gun violence 
In devising such preventive measures, at a 
minimum, we must focus on: 
Encouraging efforts to reduce crowding, in-
crease supervision, and institute plans/policies to handle disputes during transition times that may reduce the likelihood of potential conflicts and injuries. 
Taking threats seriously and letting students 
know who and where to go when they learn of a threat to anyone at the school and encour-aging parents, educators, and mentors to take an active role in helping troubled children and teens. 
Taking talk of suicide seriously and identi-
fying risk factors for suicidal behavior when trying to prevent violence toward self and oth-ers. 
Developing prevention programs designed 
to help teachers and other school staff recog-nize and respond to incidences of bullying be-tween students. 
Ensuring that each school has a security 
plan and that it is being enforced and that school staff are trained and prepared to imple-ment and execute the plan. 
Again, thank you all for your commitment to 
working to find workable solutions to the heath and wellness challenges facing our commu-nities. I look forward to working with you in the months ahead to achieve our mutual goals. 
f 
IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
STEFANIK ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to discuss the situation with Iran. 
President Obama recently said that 
criticism of the concessions that his administration is making to Iran ‘‘needs to stop.’’ Well, I disagree. We in this body have a responsibility to speak the truth and to stop a dan-gerous deal. 
Take a step back a little bit from 
some of the recent hullabaloo about whether Iran has the same under-
standing of the deal as the United States does. It is true, if you listen to the Ayatollah, he basically said the deal basically represents a complete surrender on everything from day one; and the administration, when they put out their fact sheet, what they put out was different. 
Here is, I think, a fundamental prob-
lem with this. Even if you take the ad-ministration’s talking points as the meeting of the minds, even if you as-sume that that will be written down and memorialized, and even assume that Iran keeps the various compo-nents of the deal, the fact of the mat-ter is this: this framework provides international legitimacy for Iran’s nu-clear infrastructure, and it allows Iran to use advanced centrifuges imme-diately. 
Now, that was something that just a 
few years ago was thought to be totally outside the realm of what was accept-able. I think the thought amongst U.S. policymakers going back several ad-ministrations as well as other friendly countries was, look, this is a theo-cratic, jihadist regime in the Middle East that is sitting on centuries’ worth of oil and gas. They don’t need nuclear power for peaceful purposes, certainly, so why would we allow them to pursue a nuclear program knowing the ide-ology of the regime, knowing the threats that they have made to Israel and to the United States? Of course they don’t get a nuclear program, and yet under this framework, their nu-clear infrastructure is legitimized. 
The sanctions relief that we are talk-
ing about is worth billions and billions of dollars to Iran. It will give Iran addi-tional lifeblood to foment jihad and to expand its influence in the Middle East and beyond. So just know, I mean, even if you were somehow getting them to dismantle their nuclear program, when you talk about the leading state spon-sor of terrorism, any sanctions relief they get is not going to go to benefit the Iranian people. That is going to be plowed into Iran doing dastardly deeds. 
It is interesting, when you talk about 
the sanctions, and I know the Aya-tollah said: Look, the sanctions are gone. As soon as that agreement is signed, they are gone. 
The administration says: Oh, no. We 
will get rid of the sanctions as Iran complies; and if Iran cheats, we will snap back the sanctions. 
The problem is that is extremely un-
likely because what is going to be done, the international sanctions are going to be relaxed and then if, down the road, Iran cheats, the idea that you are going to be able to snap your fin-gers and get all these other countries onboard to be able to reimpose sanc-tions is really a fantasy. 
In fact, just today brought news that 
Russia is resuming sales of the S–300 missile system to Iran. That had been something that they had stopped years ago. That is going to be business for Russia. It is going to be something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.029 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2140 April 13, 2015 
that is going to be a huge boon to Iran 
in terms of protecting its nuclear infra-structure from a potential attack. It is also interesting: Russia is the country that is supposed to store Iran’s ura-nium, yet here they are doing business. 
So I think it is going to be very dif-
ficult to snap back international sanc-tions. 
If you were going to use sanctions in 
that way, the sanctions that you would want, you would want to come to Con-gress and say, ‘‘Hey, Congress, you re-lieve sanctions, they are going to do this; if they don’t do it, then you snap back,’’ because they know the Congress will reimpose the sanctions. And we are eager to do that, even right now. 
You are not going to snap back inter-
national sanctions. So I think Iran un-derstands that, and I think they know that once those sanctions are removed, that is going to be a continual lifeblood to them and they will be able to cheat on the agreement if they think that is what is in their best interest. 
I think one of the troubling aspects 
of this deal, of this framework, is that the President himself, you know, a year and a half ago, laid down some red lines. He said we know certain things need to be trued in agreement. Iran does not need to have an underground, fortified facility like at Fordo. He said they don’t need a heavy water reactor like they have at Arak, and he said they don’t need any type of advanced centrifuges if they are going to have a peaceful program. 
But if you look under the announced 
framework, even if what the adminis-tration says is true, Fordo lives on. They say it is going to be a nuclear re-search facility. I am not sure why you need to have a nuclear research facility fortified underground to prevent an airstrike if you are just doing peaceful research. 
Arak will still be there as a heavy 
water reactor, and of course Iran will have thousands of centrifuges. These are centrifuges that are not necessary to have a peaceful program. 
So those are red lines that were laid 
down and that have been crossed. 
The military sites, is there going to 
be any unfettered access to Iran’s mili-tary sites? I think the answer seems to be absolutely not. Certainly what Iran has said, that is totally out of the ques-tion from their perspective, but it is not even clear under the administra-tion’s framework whether those mili-tary sites will be sites that inspectors can access. 
And we know that in the past, in 
2002, the only reason we were able to figure out that they were doing nuclear work at one of their military sites is because Iranian opposition forces, or folks who were opposed to the regime, filled us in. But that was not some-thing that any inspectors had access to. 
I think another really significant 
flaw in the deal is that, let’s just say Iran looks at it and says: Well, if we cheat, maybe they will reimpose sanc-tions. We think it is unlikely, but we 
don’t want to kind of take that risk. They have an incentive, if they want the bomb, to keep the deal because, after a 10- to 13-year period, everything is going to be gone. 
So if they keep the deal, given the 
amount of nuclear infrastructure they are allowed to keep, they are going to be able to build a bomb at the end of that 10-or 13-year period, and that is totally outside the realm of what is ever thought to be acceptable. 
Here you have a country that is very 
patient. They have a very, very serious ideology that they are hell-bent on pursuing. And if they have to wait 10 or 13 years before they are able to acquire a bomb, they may make that calcula-tion: Hey, we will just keep the deal, and we are going to be home free. 
I think the longer that that happens, 
I think you are going to be in a situa-tion where that may make a lot of sense for them, and I think the inter-national community will be much less inclined to want to do anything at the end of that 10- or 13-year period. 
It is interesting to me, just looking 
at how this has unfolded. When the Ayatollah goes out and says: Death to America; we are not going to make any concessions—all this—the President is asked by the press, well, the Ayatollah is out there saying that. And he says: Well, look, he has his hard-liners he has to pacify. We are not really worried about that. That is just for domestic political consumption. 
It is interesting because when Prime 
Minister Netanyahu was in a political campaign and he made a comment about the infeasibility of a two-state solution, given the situation in the Middle East, the administration really hung that on him. And they said: Oh, he said it. We are going to have to re-evaluate our posture at the United Na-tions. We may go international to try to impose some type of two-state set-tlement on that situation. And there, they were absolutely not willing to cut Prime Minister Netanyahu any slack. 
So they cut the Ayatollah of Iran, a 
guy that has a lot of American blood on his hands, more slack than they will cut the Prime Minister of Israel. That, to me, is just extremely frustrating. 
I think that when you hear people 
who will defend the framework, they will say, ‘‘Either you support this framework or you want a major war,’’ and I think that that is a straw man, but I think that it is a straw man just simply more than the fact that a lot of people think that there are things we could do to get a better deal. 
But put that aside. A bad deal makes 
war more likely because what you are going to see are countries in the Middle East react to Iran building a bomb. They are going to react to Iran’s de-signs for the region. We see Iran; they are the leading patron of Hezbollah in Lebanon, Assad in Syria, the Hamas 
terrorists in the Gaza Strip, the Houthis in Yemen, and, of course, the Shiite militias in Baghdad and in other parts of Shiite Iraq. People see that—the Sunni regimes 
see that, and they are going to re-spond—and you will end up with a po-tentially catastrophic arms race in the most volatile region in the world. 
The final point I would just make, 
and I have some of my colleagues here. We wanted to get some folks here who had served the country in uniform, served in the Iraq or Afghanistan cam-paigns. 
b2045 
The reason is because I think that 
anyone who has served in those con-flicts knows that, at least I can say for Iraq, probably the number one source of deaths for U.S. servicemembers in Iraq came at the hands of Iranian- backed groups. Maybe not the most. It was probably pretty close, certainly hundreds of deaths, maybe as many as 1,500 deaths for groups that would ex-plode these huge EFP bombs that would maim and kill indiscriminately. They were never really held to account for that. That brought a lot of anguish to a lot of American families who don’t have their loved ones coming home as a result of that despicable regime. 
So, Madam Speaker, this is not a re-
gime that wants to be a good neighbor. They don’t want to be part of a peace-ful international order. It is a regime dedicated to the ideology of jihad. They have proven time and time again that they are interested and that they are willing to kill Americans with im-punity. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a friend 
of mine and a veteran who in just a short time has really, really been pow-erful in speaking the truth about this deal and about the failures of American policy vis-a-vis close allies of ours such as Israel. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Thank you, Mr. 
D
ESANTIS . Thank you for your leader-
ship on this critically important issue. I also appreciate your pointing out the hypocrisy of the Obama administration having nothing to say as the Aya-tollah, the people of Iran, and the lead-ership of the Iranian Government talk about death to America, and this Presi-dent does nothing, excusing it—it is okay because of the hard-liners in Iran. Yet he will be critical of the Israeli Prime Minister, who is speaking of the lack of viability of a two-state solu-tion. I really appreciate your leader-ship on all of these issues and pointing out the very hypocritical position. 
Madam Speaker, I am here today to 
articulate some of my concerns with the current status of the Iran nuke talks. Just recently, the President an-nounced a framework agreement with Iran. At that time he released a fact sheet. That fact sheet, within 24 hours, saw the Iranian Foreign Minister going on his Twitter feed disputing that fact sheet and calling it just spin. Both sides, the Obama administration and the Iranian Government, are both spin-ning in different directions for their own domestic politics what isn’t even in agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.045 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2141 April 13, 2015 
An agreement requires a meeting of 
the minds. When you announce an agreement and both sides are disputing what the terms of that agreement are, there is no agreement. I don’t know if anyone believes that the negotiators purposely left off a signature block on that fact sheet. 
Let’s talk about what is not in-
cluded: Iran’s state sponsorship of ter-rorism, Iran blowing up mock USS warships, talking about the need to 
erase Israel from the map, Iran’s devel-opment of ICBMs, and overthrowing foreign governments. These aren’t even part of the negotiations. Nothing is being reported to the American people about how individuals who are U.S. citizens are being wrongfully held in captivity by the Iranian Government. This President’s tactics with these ne-gotiations, regardless of who the next President of the United States will be, these tactics are cutting off the lever-age of that next President who may be emboldened in ways that this President isn’t to tackle those challenges of the ways Iran sponsors terrorism through-out the Middle East and around the globe. 
These talks are on pace to trigger a 
nuclear arms race in the Middle East. Iran is not negotiating in good faith, and they smell American weakness, not American strength. 
The Obama administration believes 
that the only option is to cut a deal just to cut a deal. This President should instead, with strength and cour-age as the leader of the free world, be bringing the Iranians to their knees. That is what strength looks like. If you want to change sanctions, strengthen them. Don’t weaken them. 
Madam Speaker, in 2009, the Iranians 
were emboldened, contesting what was supposed to be a democratic election that was widely viewed as being full of corruption. Where was President Obama in 2009 when this opportunity presented itself for the Iranian people while oil was $100 a barrel? Our Presi-dent could have exercised leadership then, and we would not even be here today. The President says that the only option is to cut this deal just to cut a deal. 
I don’t buy that there aren’t other 
options to pursue. As I talk to col-leagues, really, on both sides of the aisle, sharing concern with the direc-tion of these nuke talks, there is re-solve and commitment to find a third strategy. If that time comes, where the President of the United States believes he must threaten the use of dropping a bomb, he must be prepared to do it and threaten to drop 20 more. If that time in the future comes where this Presi-dent or the next has to then drop an-other bomb, threaten to drop 50 more. Our enemies do not respect weakness; they only respect strength. 
But today as we stand here in this 
stage of these Iran nuke talks, I stand with my colleagues who know that there is a third option that this Presi-dent is not telling the American people about for his own domestic politics. I challenge our President with 
strength to bring the Iranian Govern-ment to their knees. You are the leader of the free world. Act like it. 
Mr. D
ESANTIS. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my friend from New York. I think those are great points. We are going to have some good debates here in the Congress. I don’t think that hav-ing done this deal—I guess it was the day after April Fools’. We thought it was going to be April Fools’, and now this being the first night back, we are just beginning. 
At this time, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ), an-
other veteran and another friend of mine. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I appre-
ciate the gentleman from Florida yielding. 
Madam Speaker, this is an important 
debate, and I know with the many deci-sions that you have in Florida and other things going on, what amazes me is, as was just stated, that I am not sure what the President’s goal is here. The reason I believe, that most of us believe, that Iran even decided to nego-tiate was the fact that sanctions worked, that they were struggling under those sanctions, that they were having to deal with the reality that the world did not want them to have nu-clear capability. 
I am telling you, at this point, what 
is disturbing to me is, I am tired of this administration, this President, trying to earn accolades of the world on the back of Israel. They cannot continue to do that. Israel is the one that is suf-fering here. Israel will be the one that is at the point of, the tip of the spear. And for those who have served, we know that. 
We know that Iran, as my friend 
from Florida stated earlier, Iran was behind and is behind most of the ter-rorism in the world many times in the world today. But yet this administra-tion turns a blind eye because they be-lieve that under the cloak of diplomacy that Iran will come to the table. It was not that Iran came to the table under the cloak of diplomacy. Iran came to the table because they were suffering because sanctions were working. 
So, last week, the President gave an 
interview discussing the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, the deal struck by Iran and the P5+1 nations over Iran’s nuclear program. More than a few things the President said during the course of the interview raised some red flags for me and should raise some uneasiness among the American peo-ple. 
The first item of concern is the in-
ability on the part of the administra-tion to get a concession from Iran to cease its uranium enrichment program. The very thing that most of us in Con-gress have said is they need to cease this idea. They need to cease their pur-suit of a nuclear program. We didn’t get concessions. 
The President said during the inter-
view that in 13 to 15 years Iran will have the ability to develop the nec-
essary fissile material to develop a nu-clear weapon, and there will be little to nothing the international community can do to stop Iran. I am sorry, Mr. President, you will be out of office, and you will not be able to utter anything but regret at that statement because in 10 to 15 years, if they have that capa-bility, then the rest of the world has to deal with it. Where will you be, Mr. President? A private citizen, not in a chance when you could actually do something. Stand up while you can. 
We learned through this interview 
that the goal of the current framework isn’t to end Iran’s ability to reach the capacity to build a nuclear weapon but only to suspend their ability for a short time. In the framework the ad-ministration presented to the world, Iran’s restriction on producing enough highly enriched uranium to build a bomb will only persist for 10 years. After 10 years, what sanctions will still be in place to bring Iran back to the negotiating table? 
The framework also doesn’t sit well 
with our allies in the region. They have understandable concerns over the U.S. getting cozy with an Iranian regime that is becoming more influential. 
Apparently, the President feels that 
the U.S.-Israel relationship is a casual matter. When asked, Should Iran rec-ognize Israel’s right to exist? the Presi-dent responded with a smile. I am sorry. As one who sat in this Chamber just a few weeks ago and heard from Benjamin Netanyahu about the impor-tance of this problem right now with Iran, I am not one who responds with a smile when it becomes on Israel’s inde-pendence and right to exist. 
Until Iran acknowledges that, then 
nothing should be on the table. Israel should exist. It is our most important ally, and we should stand with them. For the President not to realize that is a tragedy among American life. Iran has declared that Israel should be wiped off the face of the Earth, and the President feels it is appropriate to smile about this? Excuse me. Why is he smiling about a country that wants to wipe off our most important ally? 
Israel is in the most precarious posi-
tion when it comes to Iran developing a nuclear device. Iran has the ability to target Israel through the use of a bal-listic missile or on the ground or by one of its proxies, such as Hezbollah. The relationship between U.S. and Israel has to be so close as to not allow a crack to form. The current P5+1 framework deal is causing fissures in what has always been an ironclad rela-tionship. 
You see, I will continue to criticize a 
deal that puts Israel at risk and will fight to maintain Israel’s qualitative military edge in the region. The JCPA shows why it is necessary for Congress to be involved in this process. It is the role of Congress to ensure, alongside the executive branch, that our national security and the safety of our allies are maintained. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.047 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2142 April 13, 2015 
Madam Speaker, unless this adminis-
tration realizes that there are some countries that, unfortunately, through their own actions, choose to say we want to be outside the norm of rela-tions, when they choose to say Israel should not exist, when they choose to continue to fund terrorism around the world, then they should not be allowed a prestigious seat at the table to get to dictate terms. That is wrong. Until this administration realizes it, shame on this administration. If they con-tinue to want to win public accolades for their diplomatic action, then, un-fortunately, this administration is doing so on the back of Israel. I, for one, and I know many others here, will not stand for that. 
Mr. President, this is not a place to 
try and win points on the back of our strongest ally. Listen to what the Prime Minister said. And when you lis-ten, then you will understand that this is a bad deal. It is time to walk away. 
Mr. D
ESANTIS. I thank my friend 
from Georgia for that. 
Madam Speaker, it is true. This was 
a very simple request that was asked of the President: Did you talk to the Aya-tollah’s people? Did you talk to the Iranian negotiators about just recog-nizing Israel’s right to exist as a Jew-ish state? So this way, this whole idea of ‘‘death to Israel, death to America’’ shows that Iran is serious about having peace, and the President dismissed that out of hand. He said, Look, you are not going to change the nature of a regime by asking them to recognize the right of Israel to exist. 
The problem, though, with that ex-
planation is that the whole real under-pinning of this deal, I think, rests on the assumption that Iran’s regime might change because when you are sunsetting it in 10 or 13 years, if the re-gime hasn’t changed by then, well, guess what? You are at a nuclear Iran at that point. So I think that they as-sume that there is going to be some change over the next decade. Other-wise, that sunset provision makes even less sense than it does already. 
I also just know one more thing. Who 
is cheering this deal? The head of Hezbollah, the Lebanese terrorist group. This was a group that Iran started funding shortly after the Ira-nian revolution in 1979. They were re-sponsible for killing over 240 U.S. ma-rines at the marine barracks in Beirut, Lebanon, in 1983, and they have been instrumental in launching attacks against Israel ever since. 
b2100 
Here is what the head of Hezbollah 
said: 
As a result of this deal, Iran will become 
richer and wealthier and will also become more influential. 
He said: 
This will reinforce the position of Iran’s al-
lies. A stronger and wealthier Iran in the coming phase will be able to stand by its al-lies and especially the Palestinian resistance more than at any other time in history. Hezbollah sees a stronger Iran as a 
result of this deal. They see more sup-port for terrorist groups such as Hamas and the Gaza Strip, and I think the log-ical inference is they see more attacks against Israel as a result of this deal. That is very, very troubling. 
I would like to take this time now to 
yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, S
COTT PERRY , another good 
friend of mine, a veteran from Pennsyl-vania, and a really strong voice on na-tional security. 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, I ap-
preciate the efforts of my good friend from Florida to bring this issue to the floor and start the discussion. 
Of course, when we hear from the ad-
ministration that, somehow, because we are having the discussion because, somehow, we dare to question that we are on the wrong side of history, that we are unpatriotic, and literally, in many cases, the administration is try-ing to equate those in this Chamber, in this body, who would have a discussion and would call into question some of the tenets of this framework and then this agreement—which we didn’t know much about—that we are tantamount to the same thing as the hardliners in Iran, the hardliners that had horrific human rights violations over the course of the last 50 years, as far as America is concerned, and literally do unspeakable things. That is breath-taking to me. 
The problem is, among other things, 
that we are skeptical because our nego-tiating partner in this, Iran, is not trustworthy, simply not trustworthy. Just picture yourself and your own family, if you were negotiating an in-fraction within your own family, and while you were discussing the infrac-tion, that member of your family was doing the exact same thing that you were discussing about the cheating. That is exactly what happened, Madam Speaker. 
During the discussion, during this ne-
gotiation, we found an undisclosed site in Iran, and we don’t know how many more there are. It was undisclosed. They said, Oh, well, yeah, sorry about that; you can take a look now, I sup-pose. 
But how many more are there? Why 
would we trust someone like that? Why would we trust someone, knowing the track record over the last 35 or 40 years of this country, of this nation? 
I think Americans need to know 
where the negotiation started on both sides—what were Iran’s requirements, what were the United States’ require-ments—because we hear this is a good deal. We understand from the adminis-tration that it is a good deal, but we want to know it is a good deal with our own eyes. 
We want to see it. We want to think 
about it. We want to internalize it. We want to have an opportunity to rumi-nate on it and sleep on it and look at our children and think about our grandchildren in the world they are going to live in and think about wheth-er this is a good deal. We are told: No, 
it is a good deal, take my word for it. 
We don’t know where negotiations 
started and ended for the most part, but some things, we do know. We do know that 2 years ago—heck, a year ago, enriching uranium for Iran was unforgivable, it was not allowed not only by the United States, but by the community of nations, by the United Nations. 
Now, just with this framework, we 
have legitimized not hundreds of cen-trifuges, but tens of thousands of cen-trifuges. Meanwhile, countries around the globe, across the globe, have peace-ful nuclear programs and don’t have any centrifuges. 
That makes one wonder—not a nu-
clear scientist, not a physicist, don’t work at a reactor down at your local power plant—but if that is true, why did they need them? Why would we have agreed to that? We are right to be skeptical. 
Iran practices strategic delay. At 
this point, Rouhani, the guy that wrote this book, who lauded himself for dup-ing the West in other negotiations, is at the top of the heap right now. 
You wonder why people in this 
body—forget people in this body. What about the vast majority of Americans that are skeptical? This is their voice. We are not necessarily only speaking for ourselves. 
We are speaking for our constituents 
and the majority of Americans that say ‘‘hold on’’ to the administration. You say it is a good deal, but let’s look with our own eyes because of these things, because the negotiators that negotiated the nuclear deal with North Korea that was going to disallow them to have nuclear weapons, they are the same negotiators that we have now in many cases; and, oh, by the way, in case you haven’t kept up on current events, North Korea has nuclear weap-ons. So is it really prudent and proper for us to be skeptical? Is it prudent and proper for us to ask questions? 
The biggest situation here, the big-
gest part of this is that there can be no mistakes. There is no margin of error with nuclear weapons. If one or two terrorists gets set free from Guanta-namo and gets back out on the battle-field, that is regrettable; that is unac-ceptable, but that is very different than a nuclear blast. 
Unfortunately, for Israel, they are 
close. We live thousands and thousands of miles away, but Israel is described by their enemies that would have this nuclear weapon as a one-bomb country because that is all it will take and it will all be over for that little country. 
Now, you might wonder: Okay, well, 
certainly, Israel, that is bad for them, but why should we care so much? 
Yeah, it is Israel, but they are over 
there, and we are over here, which be-gets the next question: Why are inter-continental ballistic missiles not in-cluded in the negotiation? 
Ask yourself: What is the need for 
intercontinental ballistic missiles? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.048 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2143 April 13, 2015 
Well, I will tell you if you don’t know. 
It is to deliver armament. What would that armament be? Well, that would be a nuclear warhead. You don’t need one to get to Israel, folks. You need one of those to get to the United States. 
These folks call Israel the Little 
Satan. Madam Speaker, you know who the Great Satan is; that is us. If this is so good, if this is so obviously good, why isn’t that included in the negotia-tion, in the agreement, in the frame-work? Look, we are just foolish Ameri-cans, but it seems to make sense to us that that should be there. 
You have got to ask yourself—I have 
heard the administration say: Well, during the duration of this Presidential term, we can be assured there will be no nuclear weapon in Iran. 
Well, thank goodness for that; but 
what about the rest of us that are going to plan on living out the fullest part of our lives and our children and our grandchildren that are worried past the next 2 years? Ten to 15 years is a blink of the eye, is a moment in history. That is still too short. 
Never is the right answer. Never is 
the right answer for people and nations that act like Iran. 
Now, I heard recently that the ad-
ministration said that they might let Congress express themselves. I thought about that—express themselves. I don’t know where that verbiage came from, but it seems to me—I am looking at my rule book here. It is the recipe which we follow to run the country. It says here, under article II, section 2, regarding the President: 
He shall have power, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators present concur. 
Now, if you wonder what a treaty is, 
just go and look it up in the dic-tionary. It is an agreement. I keep hearing about this is a framework for a historic agreement. 
Folks, ladies and gentlemen, citizens, 
this is an agreement between the citi-zens of the United States and Iran, and the President is encumbering you when he signs this to everything therein, whether you agree with it or not. 
We understand we have representa-
tive government, but that is why the Congress is supposed to be involved. That is why article II, section 2 says the Senate must provide advice and consent, so that your wishes are heard, so that your concerns are heard, not so that one guy, one person, makes a deci-sion for the entire country on issues that are so important. 
Let’s talk about other issues of like 
importance. There is strong precedent, historical precedent, for congressional review of nonproliferation: three stra-tegic arm reduction treaties, START treaties with Russia; the Nonprolifera-tion Treaty; the Biological Weapons Convention; the Chemical Weapons Convention; the Strategic Offensive Reduction Treaty; the U.S.-India Civil-ian Nuclear Cooperation Agreement in 2008; and the civilian nuclear energy agreements with Vietnam and Taiwan 
submitted for congressional review by this President in 2014. 
If it is okay for them, why is this one 
any different? I would say to you that, recently, we heard that the country is stronger when the Congress and the ad-ministration work together. That was in reference to the authorization for the use of military force to confront ISIS. 
Now, ISIS is a regional threat in that 
portion of the world that might become a growing cancer outside its bounds. I guess it is; but what is more important than nuclear war? If it is good enough for an AUMF with ISIS, why doesn’t it apply here? 
Finally, with your indulgence, 
Madam Speaker, we are told that this is a good deal and we should just trust the administration. With all due re-spect, I think it is important to review the recent foreign policy issues and the record. I am just going to highlight a couple of events that you might be fa-miliar with. 
The Syrian red line, the red line in 
Syria for the use of chemical weap-ons—we drew a red line, and then we watched it violated a dozen times be-fore we said something, and then we backed off. Now, we are actually talk-ing about having discussions and some kind of an agreement with Bashar al- Assad. That didn’t work out too well. 
Russia, they are doing whatever they 
want to in Ukraine. We have convinced the Ukrainians to dismantle their nu-clear program, saying that we would be there for them if they were ever at-tacked, and we are nowhere. I served in Iraq and so did my good friend from Florida, and we think about all the lives and the energy and the hardship lost in Iraq. I think you can hardly call that a success under this current ad-ministration. 
Afghanistan, we were staying. We 
were going. We were staying. We were going. That was hardly a success in my mind. 
Egypt, a great wellspring of democ-
racy where we chose the wrong side, and the Egyptian people had to choose the correct side. The Iranian green rev-olution, when they tried to rise up against oppression, and America turned its eyes and turned its face. Libya, where we helped overthrow a dictator, and, now, we have a failed state—and Yemen, the model of success for counterterrorism. 
What about the exchange of Bowe 
Bergdahl for five terrorists? I mean, I don’t mean to be overly and hyper-critical, Madam Speaker, but it just seems to me, if future performance is indicated by past performance, we have a right to be skeptical. 
All we are saying is it is right and it 
is our duty to question and to make sure that this is, indeed, good for the American people. 
If it is good, then the administration 
should have no problem showing it to us and allowing us to vet it, like so many other historical precedents have. The greatness of it will be obvious to 
the American people and their Rep-resentatives, their Representatives here in this Hall and the Hall across the building. 
With that, I thank the gentleman. Mr. D
ESANTIS. I thank my friend. 
I think the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania did a good job of putting this all into a broader perspective in terms of this administration’s approach to the world. 
I think, if you look around the world, 
there are probably two countries that we have better relations with than when this President took office; and I think, almost uniformly, everywhere else, we are worse off. 
Cuba, we have much closer relation-
ships now. The President shakes the hand of Raul Castro, a blood-stained hand, a hand that has suppressed thou-sands and thousands of people, that has killed the sinners, that has caused thousands of people to flee in shark-in-fested waters to try to reach the shore of Florida; but the President is doing business with him, not helping the Cuban people. You actually see polit-ical repression has increased since we have changed policies, but the Presi-dent seems fine with that. 
Then Iran, we talk with Iran a lot 
more than we ever have. The question is: Is that a good thing? I think the an-swer is a dance-with-the-devil foreign policy has really never been tried be-fore, and I think the chance of it suc-ceeding is almost zero. 
Part of the problem we see with this 
framework, I think, is that it is symp-tomatic of a larger failure to properly address the hostile actors throughout the world. 
Goodness gracious, we need to look 
at our allies like Israel, like democ-racies in Europe, and they need to know that we are going to stand with them. I think we have an approach to the world right now where our allies can’t depend on us and our adversaries don’t really fear us. I think that is a bad approach, and I think, unfortu-nately, it is an approach that is going to invite more danger rather than keep us out of trouble. 
I appreciate all my friends who came 
and made great comments. The Presi-dent said recently that the criticism of this deal needs to stop. 
Mr. President, we are not going to 
stop. We are going to be here; we are going to make the case on behalf of the American people, and we are going to be urging the Congress to speak loudly and clearly on behalf of American secu-rity. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. R UIZ (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today through April 16 on 
account of paternity leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.049 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2144 April 13, 2015 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 535. An act to promote energy efficiency; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT 
RESOLUTION SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills and a Joint Resolution of the House of the following titles, which were there-
upon signed by the Speaker pro tem-pore, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , on Monday, 
March 30, 2015: 
H.R. 1092. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Ave-
nue in Miramar, Florida, as the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Building. 
H.R. 1527. An act to accelerate the income 
tax benefits for charitable cash contribu-tions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other pur-poses. 
H.J. Res. 10. Joint Resolution providing for 
the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of 
the Smithsonian Institution. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Madam Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CON-
CERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign cur-
rencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Of-ficial Foreign Travel during the first 
quarter of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, ROBERT STORY KAREM, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 14 AND FEB. 21, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 2 /15 2 /17 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 541.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 541.93 
2 /17 2 /19 Germany ................................................ .................... 588.68 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 588.68 
2 /19 2 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 610.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 610.60 
Total Transport ............................................... 2 /14 2 /21 ..................................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... 7,127.70 .................... .................... ........ ............ 7,127.70 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 294.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 294.34 
2 /19 2 /20 Belgium ................................................ .................... 305.39 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 305.39 
Total Transport ............................................... 2 /17 2 /20 ..................................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... 3,081.34 .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,081.34 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,340.94 .................... 10,209.04 .................... .................... ...... .............. 12,549.98 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
ROBERT KAREM, Mar. 20, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO BELGIUM, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 13 AND FEB. 17, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 2 /14 2 /16 .............................................. ................. .................... 765.00 .................... 1,221.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,986.00 
Hon. Loretta Sanchez .............................................. 2 /14 2 /16 ................................................. .............. .................... 765.00 .................... 8,589.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 9,354.00 
Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 ............................................... ................ .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,449.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... 3,516.00 
Hon. Brett Guthrie ................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 .............................................. ................. .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,235.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ 3,302.00 
Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 2 /14 2 /16 ............................................. .................. .................... 765.00 .................... 8,589.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... 9,354.00 
Hon. Robert Pittenger .............................................. 2 /14 2 /15 ................................................ ............... .................... 463.00 .................... 8,589.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 9,052.00 
Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 2 /14 2 /16 ............................................ ................... .................... 765.00 .................... 2,020.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ 2,785.00 
Hon. Rick Larsen ..................................................... 2 /14 2 /16 .............................................. ................. .................... 765.00 .................... 2,446.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... 3,211.00 
Jeff Dressler ............................................................. 2 /14 2 /17 ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,449.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,516.00 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 ............................................. .................. .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,449.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,516.00 
Ed Rice .................................................................... 2 /14 2 /18 ........................................ ....................... .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,449.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 3,516.00 
Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 2 /14 2 /18 ............................................... ................ .................... 1,067.00 .................... 2,449.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... 3,516.00 
Committee total ......................................... 2 /14 2 /18 ........................................................... .... .................... 10,690.00 .................... 45,934.00 .................... .................... .................... 56, 624.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, Mar. 16, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CUBA, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, AND HAITI, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 17  AND FEB. 22, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ........................................ ............. .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Nydia Vela ´zquez .............................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ..................................................... ....... ............. 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ............................................ ......... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Collin Peterson ................................................ 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ............................................... ...... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ......................................... ............ .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ............................................ ......... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Robert Fitzpatrick .................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ......................................... ............ .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ......................................... ............ .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Jaime Lizaragga ...................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba .............................................. ....... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ........................................ ............. .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Jorge Aguillar ........................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ...................................... ............... .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.033 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2145 April 13, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CUBA, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, AND HAITI, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 17  AND FEB. 22, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 2 /17 2 /19 Cuba ........................................ ............. .................... 766.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 766.00 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................ . .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic .......................... ... .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Nydia Vela ´zquez .............................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. ................. ... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. . ................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Collin Peterson ................................................ 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. .... ................ 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................ . .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. . ................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Robert Fitzpatrick .................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ........................... .. .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Jaime Lizaragga ...................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................ . .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ............................. ... ................. 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic .......................... ... .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Jorge Aguillar ........................................................... 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic ........................ ..... .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 2 /19 2 /22 Dominican Republic .......................... ... .................... 735.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 735.00 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ....................................... ............... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti .......................................... ............ .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Nydia Vela ´zquez .............................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ...................................................... ..... ............... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ........................................... ........... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Collin Peterson ................................................ 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti .......................................... ............ .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. James McGovern ............................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti .............................................. ........ .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Hon. David Cicilline ................................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Dr. Brian Monahan .................................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ........................................... ........... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Robert Fitzpatrick .................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Jaime Lizaragga ...................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ............................................. ......... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ....................................... ............... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Jorge Aguillar ........................................................... 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ..................................... ................. .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 2 /21 2 /21 Haiti ....................................... ............... .................... 111.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 111.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 28,139.00 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 28,139.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. NANCY PELOSI, Mar. 18, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND 
MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation * Other purposes ** Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Christopher Bertram ................................................ 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Geoff Bowman ......................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Eric Burgeson .......................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ....................................... ......... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Stephen Cohen ................................................ 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ............................................ .... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Kathy Dedrick .......................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ....................................... ......... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Peter DeFazio .................................................. 1 /29 2 /1 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 789.00 .................... 876.05 .................... 611.48 .................... 2,276.53 
Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 1 /29 1 /31 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 526.00 .................... 969.75 .................... 611.48 .................... 2,107.23 
Hon. Lois Frankel ..................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Bob Gibbs ....................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 1 /29 2 /1 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Janice Hahn .................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Richard Hanna ................................................ 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ............................................ .... .................... 789.00 .................... 962.05 .................... 611.48 .................... 2,362.53 
Hon. Duncan Hunter ................................................ 1 /29 1 /31 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 526.00 .................... 621.35 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,758.83 
Fleming M. Legg ...................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Caryn Moore ............................................................. 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ...................................... .......... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Todd Rokita ..................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 789.00 .................... 662.55 .................... 611.48 .................... 2,063.03 
Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Bill Shuster ..................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ........................................ ........ .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Mathew Sturges ....................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Dennis Wirtz ............................................................ 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ...................................... .......... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 16,043.00 .................... 6,651.75 .................... 12,841.08 ................ .... 35,535.83 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* Transportation: Includes Rental Coasters, Embassy Trans for Movement. ** Other Purposes: Includes Control Room; Hotel Charges for Bellmen, Cleaning; Security Protection; Embassy Overtime. 
HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, March 17, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
928. A letter from the Secretary, Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Resid-ual Interest Deadline for Futures Commis-sion Merchants (RIN: 3038-AE22), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 929. A letter from the Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organization and Functions; Field Of-fice Locations (RIN: 3052-AD05) received April 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
930. A letter from the Acting Secretary of 
the Navy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting a report, pursuant to Sec. 2433 of Title 10 U.S.C., of an increase in the Program Ac-quisition Unit Cost (PAUC) and Average Pro-curement Unit Cost (APUC) for the Unitary and Baseline/BLU-108 variants of the Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) Program; to the 
Committee on Armed Services. 
931. A letter from the Under Secretary, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting the 2015 Annual Report to Congress on the Depart-ment of Defense Chemical and Biological De-
fense Program, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1523; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
932. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Council’s Annual Report for 2014 pursuant to Sec. 1006(f) of the Finan-cial Regulatory and Interest Rate Control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.027 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2146 April 13, 2015 
Act of 1978, 12 U.S.C. 3305; to the Committee 
on Financial Services. 
933. A letter from the Executive Director, 
Office of Minority and Women Inclusion, Of-fice of the Comptroller of the Currency, transmitting the Annual Report to Congress of the Office of Minority and Women Inclu-sion for FY 2014, in accordance with Sec. 342(e) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
934. A letter from the Secretary, Securities 
and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Amend-ments to Regulation A [Release Nos.: 33-9741; 34-74578; 39-2501; File No.: S7-11-13] (RIN: 3235- AL39) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
935. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Regulation: Removal of Child Abuse and Neglect Prevention and Treatment Act Implementing Regulations received March 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
936. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received March 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
937. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, and 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Approval of Air Pollution Emergency Episode Plan [EPA-R03-OAR- 2014-0701; FRL 9925-93-Region 3] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
938. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Northern Sierra Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2014-0832; FRL-9925-33-Region 9] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
939. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia- Prevention of Significant Deterio-ration; Amendment to the Definition of ‘‘Regulated NSR Pollutant’’ Concerning Con-densable Particulate Matter [EPA-R03-OAR- 2013-0593; FRL-9925-96-Region 3] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
940. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation of the Allentown Non-attainment Area to Attainment for the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0789; FRL-9925-94-Region 3] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
941. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Pyraclostrobin; Pesticide Toler-
ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0798; FRL-9925-02] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
942. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; Attain-ment Demonstration for the 1997 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for the Washington, DC-MD-VA Mod-erate Nonattainment Area [EPA-R03-OAR- 2013-0132; FRL-9925-27-Region 3] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
943. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan; San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollution Control Dis-trict; Quantification of Emission Reductions from Incentive Programs [EPA-R09-OAR- 2013-0754; FRL-9924-69-Region 9] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
944. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Response to Vacaturs of the Comparable Fuels Rule and the Gasification Rule [EPA-HQ-RCRA-2015-0118; FRL-9923-12- OSWER] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
945. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Secondary (C13-C17) Alkane Sulfonates; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0756; FRL-9923-64] received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
946. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Additional Air Quality Designa-tions and Technical Amendment to Correct Inadvertent Error in Air Quality Designa-tions for the 2012 Primary Annual Fine Par-ticle (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2012-0918; FRL-9925-76-OAR] received April 7, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
947. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; State of Mis-souri, Control of Sulfur Emissions from Sta-tionary Boilers [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0170; FRL-9925-24-Region 7] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
948. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Revision to Allegheny County Rules; Preconstruction Permit Requirements — Nonattainment New Source Review [EPA- R03-OAR-2015-0636; FRL-9922-77-Region 3] re-ceived March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
949. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; 2014 Iowa State Implementation Plan; Per-mit Modifications; Muscatine, Iowa [EPA- R07-OAR-2015-0159; FRL-9925-60-Region 7] re-
ceived March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
950. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Additives: Cellulosic Waiver Credit Price and Minor Amendments to Renewable Fuel Standard Regulations [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2015-0049; FRL-9924-71-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS48) received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
951. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Tribal Implementa-tion Plan and Designation of Air Quality Planning Area; Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians [EPA-R09-OAR-2014-0869; FRL-9924-45-Region 9] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
952. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; Texas; Public Participation for Air Quality Permit Appli-cations [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0033; FRL-9925- 19-Region 6] received March 27, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
953. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Idaho; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence [EPA-R10-OAR-2014-0906; FRL-9922-65- Region 10] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
954. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Difenoconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0149; FRL-9923-82] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
955. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Alabama; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0689; FRL-9925-53-Region 4] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
956. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Determination of Attainment of the 1-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard in the Southeast Desert Nonattainment Area in California [EPA-R09- OAR-2014-0612; FRL-9925-32-Region 9] re-ceived March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
957. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; State Boards Requirements; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Lead and Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0040; FRL- 9925-46-Region 3] received March 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2147 April 13, 2015 
958. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Idaho [EPA-R10- OAR-2014-0477; FRL-9925-77-Region 10] re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
959. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Extension of Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions (Multiple Chemicals) [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0125; FRL-9924-40] re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
960. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; California; San Joaquin Valley; Reclassification as Serious Nonattainment for the 1997 PM2.5 Standards [EPA-R09-OAR-2014-0813; FRL-9925-30-Region 9] received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
961. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — State of Tennessee Under-ground Injection Control (UIC) Program; Pri-macy Approval [EPA-HQ-OW-2011-0520; FRL- 9924-92-OW] received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
962. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — State of Washington Un-derground Injection Control (UIC) Program Revision Approval [EPA-HQ-OW-2012-0186; FRL-9924-94-OW] received April 1, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
963. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Listing of Substitutes for Refrigera-tion and Air Conditioning and Revision of the Venting Prohibition for Certain Refrig-erant Substitutes [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0748; FRL-9922-26-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS04) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
964. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Con-tingency Plan National Priorities List [EPA- HQ-SFUND-1991-006 ; FRL-9925-52-Region 8] received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
965. A letter from the Associate Bureau 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund; Developing a Unified Inter-carrier Compensation Regime [WC Docket No.: 10-90] [CC Docket No.: 01-92] received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
966. A letter from the Deputy Bureau Chief, 
Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Protecting and Promoting the Open Internet [GN Dock-et No.: 14-28] received April 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
967. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
Demand and Energy Data Reliability Stand-ard [Docket No.: RM14-12-000; Order No.: 804] received April 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
968. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, OC/ OPPLA/OP, FDA Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Listing of Color Addi-tives Exempt From Certification; Synthetic Iron Oxide [Docket No.: FDA-2013-C-1008] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
969. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ORDM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to Excepted Bene-fits [CMS-9946-F2] (RIN: 0938-AS52) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
970. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Republic of Korea, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, Transmittal No.: 15-12; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
971. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to three different end users in the People’s Republic of China is not detrimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National De-fense Authorization Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omni-bus Consolidated and Emergency Supple-mental Appropriation Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s September 29, 2009, delegation of authority (74 Fed. Reg. 50,913 (Oct. 2, 2009)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
972. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days in accordance with the Case-Zablocki Act, pur-suant to 1 U.S.C. 112(b); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
973. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting a letter regarding the recommendations of the Mili-tary Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission; (H. Doc. No. 114—20); to the Committee on Armed Services and or-dered to be printed. 
974. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, with respect to South Sudan is to continue in ef-fect beyond April 3, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); (H. Doc. No. 114—21); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
975. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that an Executive Order was issued de-claring a national emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and econ-omy of the United States posed by the in-creasing prevalence and severity of mali-cious cyber-enabled activities originating from, or directed by persons located, in whole or in substantial part, outside the United States, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.; (H. Doc. No. 114—22); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
976. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-
spect to Somalia, originally declared on April 12, 2010, by Executive Order 13536, is to continue in effect beyond April 12, 2015, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); (H. Doc. No. 114— 23); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
977. A letter from the Executive Secretary, 
Agency for International Development, transmitting seven reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
978. A letter from the Diversity and Inclu-
sion Programs Director, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s annual report for FY 2014, pursu-ant to Sec. 203(a) and 203(b) of the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
979. A letter from the Director, Court Serv-
ices and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, transmitting the Agen-cy’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in ac-cordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107- 174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
980. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s FY 2014 annual report, pursu-ant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
981. A letter from the Staff Director, Fed-
eral Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s annual report for FY 2014 pre-pared in accordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
982. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
983. A letter from the Executive Director, 
Federal Labor Relations Authority, trans-mitting the Authority’s annual report for FY 2014, as required by Sec. 203 of the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
984. A letter from the Acting Adminis-
trator, General Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
985. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Government Accountability Office, trans-mitting the Office’s annual report on their implementation of Sec. 203 of the ‘‘Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002’’ (No Fear Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
986. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Equal Employment Opportunity Programs, National Archives, transmitting the Ar-chive’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2148 April 13, 2015 
107-174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Over-
sight and Government Reform. 
987. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s 2014 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Litigation and Compliance Report, in accordance with subsection (e)(6) of the FOIA, 5 U.S.C. 552(e)(6) (2006 & Supp. IV 2010); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
988. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Systems; Abolishment of the Portland, ME, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Area (RIN: 3206-AN11) received April 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
989. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
990. A letter from the President and CEO, 
Overseas Private Investment Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2014 An-nual ‘‘No FEAR Report’’, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation (No FEAR) Act of 2002 Report, Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
991. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s annual re-port for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
992. A letter from the Secretary, Railroad 
Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2014 annual report prepared in accord-ance with Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
993. A letter from the Chair, Recovery Ac-
countability and Transparency Board, trans-mitting the Board’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
994. A letter from the EEO Director, Secu-
rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174, Sec. 203; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
995. A letter from the Deputy Commis-
sioner for Human Resources, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s FY 2014 Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Sec. 203, Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
996. A letter from the Chief, Branch of En-
dangered Species Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for the Northern Long-eared Bat with 4(d) Rule [Docket No.: FWS-R5-ES-2011-0024] (RIN: 1018-AY98) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 997. A letter from the Chief, Branch of 
Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Taxonomy of the Hawaiian Monk Seal [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES-2015-0007; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018- BA73) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
998. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting a revision to the Comprehensive Conservation Plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to in-clude the Atigun River, Hulahula River, Kongakut River, and Marsh Fork Canning River, pursuant to Sec. 304(g)(1) of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act, Pub. L. 96-487; (H. Doc. No. 114—25); to the Committee on Natural Resources and or-dered to be printed. 
999. A letter from the Director, Adminis-
trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the tenth annual report to Con-gress on crime victims’ rights under Sec. 104(a) of the Justice for All Act of 2004, Pub. L. 108-405; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1000. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the second of two reports for FY 2014 on ‘‘H-2B Non-agricultural Temporary Worker Visa and Status’’, pursuant to Sec. 416(d)(1) of the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, it. IV, 112 Stat. 2681-655, as amended by Sec. 406 of the REAL ID Act of 2005, Pub. L. 109-13, div. B, 119 Stat. 231, 320; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1001. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the report on Characteristics of H-1B Specialty Occupation Workers for FY 2013, prepared by U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, pursuant to Sec. 416(c)(2) of the American Competi-tiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (ACWIA), Pub. L. 105-277, div. C, tit. IV, 112 Stat. 2681; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
1002. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Annual Re-port on the Impact of the Homeland Security Act on Immigration Functions Transferred to the Department of Homeland Security, pursuant to Sec. 478 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, Pub. L. 107-296, 116 Stat. 2135; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1003. A letter from the Staff Director, 
United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting a report on the compliance of the federal district courts, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(3), with documentation submis-sion requirements of 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(1); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1004. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Annual Events Requiring Safety Zones in the Captain of the Port Lake Michigan Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1001] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
1005. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River Between Mile 38.0 and 46.0, Thebes, IL; and Between Mile 78.0 and 81.0, Grand Tower, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0907] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1006. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Passaic River, Rutherford, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1070] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1007. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Great Lakes Pilotage Rates — 2015 Annual Review and Adjustment [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0481] (RIN: 1625-AC22) re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1008. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Chevron Oil Company Canal, Fourchon, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1039] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1009. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Pittsburgh, PA; Ice Accumulations; Allegheny River Mile 1.0-72.0 [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0126] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1010. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tusca-loosa Regional Air Show; Black Warrior River; Tuscaloosa, AL [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0076] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1011. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; St. Pat-rick’s Day Fireworks, Manitowoc River, Manitowoc, Wisconsin [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0130] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1012. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; State Route 520 Bridge Construction, Lake Wash-ington; Seattle, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0098] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1013. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary rule — Safety Zone for Ice Condi-tions; Chesapeake and Delaware Canal, Upper Chesapeake Bay, and Tributaries; MD [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0292] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1014. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Moon Island — Long Island Bridge Demolition; Boston Inner Harbor, Quincy Bay; Quincy, MA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1059] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1015. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety and Security Zones, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2149 April 13, 2015 
Jacksonville Captain of the Port Zone 
[Docket No.: USCG-2014-0152] (RIN: 1625- AA00, 1625-AA87) received April 1, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1016. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, St. Peters-burg Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0436] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received April 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1017. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; ARCTIC CHALLENGER, Port of Bellingham; Bel-lingham, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0158] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1018. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Transportation, transmitting pro-posed legislation entitled the ‘‘Generating Renewal, Opportunity, and Work with Accel-erated Mobility, Efficiency, and Rebuilding of Infrastructure and Communities through-out America Act’’ or the ’’GROW AMERICA Act‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1019. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0521; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-NE-11-AD; Amendment 39-18104; AD 2015-04-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1020. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0620; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-238- AD; Amendment 39-18102; AD 2015-03-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1021. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Short Brothers and Harland Ltd. Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1001; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-CE-034-AD; Amendment 39-18003; AD 2015-04-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1022. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0561; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-12-AD; Amendment 39- 18105; AD 2015-04-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1023. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Areas R-3801A, R-3801B, and R-3801C; Camp Claiborne, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 0265; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASW-11] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1024. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Modification of Air Traf-fic Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of Baton Rouge, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1124; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASW-12] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1025. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Fed-eral Airway V-330 in the Vicinity of Moun-tain Home, Idaho [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 1112; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANM-16] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1026. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31002; Amdt. No.: 3630] received March 31, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1027. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Area Boundary Descriptions; Cape Canaveral, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0875; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-13] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1028. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Restricted Area R-2936, West Palm Beach, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0264; Airspace Docket No.: 15- ASO-1] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1029. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30999; Amdt. No.: 3627] received March 31, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1030. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31000; Amdt. No.: 3628] received March 31, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1031. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31001; Amdt. No.: 3629] received March 31, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1032. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0070; Direc-torate Identifier 2011-SW-062-AD; Amend-
ment 39-18114; AD 2015-05-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1033. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0347; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-173-AD; Amendment 39-18109; AD 2015-04-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1034. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Air Carrier Contract Maintenance Requirements [Docket No.: FAA-2011-1136; Amdt. Nos.: 121-371 and 135- 132] (RIN: 2120-AJ33) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1035. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0653; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-057-AD; Amendment 39-18113; AD 2015-05-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1036. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Flugzeugwerke Altenrheim AG (FFA) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0536; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-CE-004-AD; Amendment 39-18116; AD 2015-05-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1037. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0491; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-019-AD; Amendment 39-18117; AD 2015-05-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1038. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Plainville, CT [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0293; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANE-5] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1039. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Rogue Valley, OR [Docket No.: FAA-2013-1055; Airspace Docket No.: 13-ANM- 27) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1040. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2008-0561; Directorate Identifier 2007-NM-223-AD; Amendment 39-18111; AD 2015-05-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2150 April 13, 2015 
1041. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Prescott, AZ [Docket No.: FAA-2013-1020; Airspace Docket No.: 13-AWP- 20] received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1042. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Seattle, WA [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0466; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANM-6] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1043. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Manchester, NH [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0601; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANE-7] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1044. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; North Adams, MA [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0805; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANE- 9] received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1045. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Maxwell, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0870; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AWP-7] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1046. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Hazen, NV [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0869; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AWP-6] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1047. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Bend, OR [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0468; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANM-8] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1048. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0189; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-181- AD; Amendment 39-18099; AD 2015-03-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1049. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0328; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-07-AD; Amendment 39- 18108; AD 2015-04-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1050. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0522; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-087-AD; Amendment 39-18100; AD 2015-03-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1051. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0484; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-245- AD; Amendment 39-18101; AD 2015-03-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1052. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0139; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-133- AD; Amendment 39-18081; AD 2015-02-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1053. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0365; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-SW-049-AD; Amend-ment 39-18106; AD 2015-04-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1054. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Spokane, WA [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0467; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANM-7] re-ceived March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1055. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation (Sikor-sky) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0397; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-048-AD; Amendment 39-18107; AD 2015-04-05] (RIN:2120-AA64), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1056. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Unit, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Fringe Benefits Aircraft Valuation Formula (Revenue Ruling 2015-6) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1057. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the proposal for author-ization to modify the Truckee Meadows project on the Truckee River in Washoe County, Nevada, for the purposes of flood risk management and recreation; (H. Doc. No. 114—24); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 
1058. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Corrections to Rev. Proc. 2014-59 (Rev. Proc. 2015-24) received March 27, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1059. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — April 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-7) received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
1060. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Sec. 911(d)(4) — 2014 Update (Rev. Proc. 2015-25) received March 27, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1061. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: United States and Area Median Gross Income Figures (Rev. Proc. 2015-23) received March 27, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1062. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-24] received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1063. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Final Rules under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: Amendments to Ex-cepted Benefits [TD 9714] (RIN: 1545-BM44) received March 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1064. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Certain Employee Remuneration in Excess of $1,000,000 under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) [TD 9716] (RIN: 1545-BI65) re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1065. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Reporting Airline Payment Amount Rollovers Under Public Law 113-243 (An-nouncement 2015-13) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1066. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Announcement and Report Con-cerning Advance Pricing Agreements (An-nouncement 2015-11) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1067. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Regulations Revising Rules Regarding 
Agency for a Consolidated Group [TD 9715] (RIN: 1545-BH31) received April 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1068. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Health Insurance Providers Fee; Pro-cedural and Administrative Guidance [No-tice 2015-29] received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1069. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — No Rule for Refined Coal (Revenue Procedure 2015-29) received April 1, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1070. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Modifications to Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System (Revenue Procedure 2015-27) received April 1, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2151 April 13, 2015 
1071. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Period of Limitations on Assessment for Listed Transactions Not Disclosed Under Section 6011 [TD 9718] (RIN: 1545-BH37) re-ceived April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1072. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Instructions of Communications Pur-suant to Section 1.1502-77 (Rev. Proc. 2015-26) (IRB 2015-15) received April 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to section 5 of H. Res. 173 the 
following reports were filed on April 6, 2015] 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 622. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–51). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1105. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–52). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 650. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high- cost mortgage (Rept. 114–53). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 685. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (Rept. 114–54). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1195. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–55). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1265. A bill to apply the requirements of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection (Rept. 114–56, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1529. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial insti-tutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–57). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
[Submitted April 13, 2015] 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 299. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–58). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 601. A bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an ex-ception to the annual privacy notice require-ment (Rept. 114–59). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1259. A bill to provide for an application process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 60). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1367. A bill to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands (Rept. 114–61). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1480. A bill to ensure ac-cess to certain information for financial services industry regulators, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–62). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NUNES: Permanent Select Committee 
on Intelligence. H.R. 1560. A bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cy-bersecurity threats, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–63). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1104. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–64). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 189. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 650) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for point and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction, and providing for the adoption of the concurrent resolution (Senate Concurrent Resolution 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–65). 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 709. A bill to provide for the termination of employment of em-ployees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political pur-
poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–66). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1314. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–67). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1026. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the sta-tus of certain investigations; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–68). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1152. A bill to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Rev-enue Service from using personal email ac-counts to conduct official business; with an amendment (Rept. 114–69). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1058. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that Internal Revenue Service employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights; with an amendment (Rept. 114–70). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1295. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code; with an amendment (Rept. 114–71). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
[The following action occurred on April 6, 2015] 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1265 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CCAUL (for himself and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1731. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-direc-tional sharing of information related to cy-bersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. 
G
IBBS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. U PTON , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
KATKO , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H ARDY , Mrs. 
MIMI WALTERS of California, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mrs. W ALORSKI ): 
H.R. 1732. A bill to preserve existing rights 
and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
DEUTCH ): 
H.R. 1733. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to provide fair treatment of radio stations and artists for the use of sound recordings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:11 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2152 April 13, 2015 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. J ENKINS  
of West Virginia, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
LONG, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia): 
H.R. 1734. A bill to amend subtitle D of the 
Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recov-ery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and 
Mr. S
MITH of Washington): 
H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-
self, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, and Mrs. N OEM): 
H.R. 1736. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself, Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. K ILDEE , 
and Mrs. B EATTY ): 
H.R. 1737. A bill to nullify certain guidance 
of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion and to provide requirements for guid-ance issued by the Bureau with respect to in-direct auto lending; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-
ana): 
H.R. 1738. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to modernize and im-plement the national integrated public alert and warning system to disseminate home-land security information and other informa-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. P
OEof 
Texas, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
and Mr. S ESSIONS ): 
H.R. 1739. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Government from requiring race or ethnicity to be disclosed in connection with the trans-fer of a firearm; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 1740. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit former Members of Congress from lobbying Members, officers, or employees of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. 
D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 1741. A bill to ensure that patients re-
ceive accurate health care information by prohibiting misleading and deceptive adver-tising or representation in the provision of health care services, and to require the iden-tification of the license of health care profes-sionals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
D
EUTCH , and Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 1742. A bill to authorize the Attorney 
General to provide a grant to assist Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement 
agencies in the rapid recovery of missing in-dividuals; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: 
H.R. 1743. A bill to award posthumously a 
Congressional Gold Medal to Harriet Tub-man, in recognition of her contributions and lifelong commitment in the fight for freedom of enslaved men, women, and children in the United States; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. CUELLAR: 
H.R. 1744. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse‘‘, and to designate the jury room in that Federal building and United States courthouse as the ‘‘Marcel C. Notzon II Jury Room‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, and 
Mrs. L AWRENCE ): 
H.R. 1745. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for surrendering to authorities certain assault weapons; to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 1746. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act to protect employer rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 1747. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to indi-viduals for legal expenses paid with respect to establishing guardianship of a disabled in-dividual; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DIAZ-BALART (for himself, 
Mr. S
IRES, and Mr. G IBSON ): 
H.R. 1748. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to enhance existing programs providing mitigation assistance by encour-aging States to adopt and actively enforce State building codes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. C LARKE of 
New York): 
H.R. 1749. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce tobacco smug-gling, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. 
Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. D OGGETT ): 
H.R. 1750. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to establish a program to populate downloadable tax forms with tax-payer return information; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 1751. A bill to amend part A of title II 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ESSER , 
Mr. M CCAUL, and Mrs. B LACK ): 
H.R. 1752. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make members of health care sharing ministries eligible to establish health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1753. A bill to establish a National Of-
fice for Cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1754. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to direct the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security (Transpor-tation Security Administration) to transfer unclaimed money recovered at airport secu-rity checkpoints to nonprofit organizations that provide places of rest and recuperation at airports for members of the Armed Forces and their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1755. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself and Ms. 
S
CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 1756. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to make various reforms to Social Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1757. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an increasingly larger earned income credit for families with more than 3 children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. 
I
SRAEL , and Mrs. L OWEY ): 
H.R. 1758. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for adjustments in the individual income tax rates to reflect regional differences in the cost-of-living; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
H
OLDING , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, united 
States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, of information relating to rulemakings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. B ERA, Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OOPER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 1760. A bill to promote strategic 
sourcing principles within the Federal Gov-ernment; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself and Mr. 
K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.100 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2153 April 13, 2015 
H.R. 1761. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for the inclu-sion of occupational therapists in the Na-tional Health Service Corps Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Ms. 
B
ONAMICI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. 
DEFAZIO): 
H.R. 1762. A bill to name the Department of 
Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Veterans’ Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1763. A bill to provide for the min-
imum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R OSS, Mr. C AR-
TER of Georgia, Mr. B UCHANAN , and 
Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.J. Res. 42. A joint resolution dis-
approving the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, and Mr. F LORES ): 
H.J. Res. 43. A joint resolution dis-
approving the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council in approving the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H. Con. Res. 34. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to 
present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces; to the Committee on House Administration; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H. Res. 190. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the fourth week in April as Every Kid Healthy Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself and Mr. 
COURTNEY ): 
H. Res. 191. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of April 10, 2015, as ‘‘Ven-ture Smith’s Freedom Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. 
M
EEHAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, 
Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B ERA, 
and Mr. S WALWELL of California): 
H. Res. 192. A resolution honoring the Sikh 
American community’s celebration of Vaisakhi; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. C OFF-
MAN): 
H. Res. 193. A resolution recognizing the 
National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Colorado, as America’s National World War II Aviation Museum; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. M IL-
LER of Michigan, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. D OLD, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. D UFFY ): H. Res. 194. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President and the Secretary of State should ensure that the Canadian Govern-ment does not permanently store nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H. Res. 195. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and con-sumer empowerment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and 
Mr. H
ASTINGS ): 
H. Res. 196. A resolution condemning the 
recent terrorist attacks in Tunis that re-sulted in the tragic loss of 21 innocent lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H. Res. 197. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of April as ‘‘Organ Donation Awareness/Donate Life Month‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. YOHO: 
H. Res. 198. A resolution to establish stand-
ards defining impeachable ‘‘high crimes and misdemeanors‘‘ within the meaning of Arti-cle II, section 4 as applied to the President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regard-ing the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accom-panying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 1731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause-To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 1732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the sev-eral States). 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 1734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1735. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and 
support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.R. 1736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the sev-eral states). 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 1737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power. . . . To 
make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 1738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 1739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 1740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 1741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York: 
H.R. 1743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
the power granted to Congress under Arti-
cle I of the United States Constitution and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.100 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2154 April 13, 2015 
its subsequent amendments, and further 
clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. CUELLAR: 
H.R. 1744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 1746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation contains a clarification 
that is intended to limit the scope of an ex-isting statute. As such, this bill makes spe-cific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 1747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. DIAZ-BALART: 
H.R. 1748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 1749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 1751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1754. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1755. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 1756. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1757. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 and Clause 18 Section 8 
of Article I and the 16th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1758. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Sec-
tion 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.R. 1759. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 of the United States 
Constitution, in that the legislation con-cerns the exercise of legislative powers gen-erally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Ar-ticle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by that section, includ-ing the exercise of those powers when dele-gated by Congress to the Executive; and, Ar-ticle I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1760. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 1761. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. WALDEN: 
H.R. 1762. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 (relating to 
the power of Congress to raise and support an army) 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1763. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.J. Res. 42. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.J. Res. 43. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 
Congress shall have power . . . To exercise 
exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatso-
ever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of par-ticular States, and the Acceptance of Con-gress, become the Seat of Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 9: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 27: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 76: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. B ISHOP  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 91: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R USH, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 114: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 118: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 140: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 167: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , and 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 169: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. 
GUINTA . 
H.R. 199: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 209: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. Emmer of Min-
nesota, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 210: Mr. H ILLand Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 223: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 228: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 232: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 244: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 249: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K IND, Mr. P OLIS, 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
GALLEGO , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 264: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 266: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 267: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G IBSON , and 
Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 270: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 282: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 288: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 292: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and 
Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 303: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, Mr. V ELA, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
ZINKE, and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 306: Mr. R USH, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 317: Ms. M ENG, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 321: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 333: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
VELA. 
H.R. 346: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 353: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 358: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:11 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.046 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2155 April 13, 2015 
H.R. 379: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 381: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 393: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 400: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 426: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 430: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 448: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 465: Mr. U PTON and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 473: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 509: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 511: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 512: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . 
H.R. 513: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 525: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 531: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H.R. 533: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 540: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
JORDAN , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. F LORES , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 556: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 563: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 571: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 572: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 577: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 588: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 592: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
HANNA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. K IL-
MER, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 594: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. M ASSIE , and 
Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 595: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 597: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 602: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H ARPER , and 
Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 606: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 608: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 610: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 612: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 613: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
MOULTON , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 619: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Miss 
RICEof New York. 
H.R. 624: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 662: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 672: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 675: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 696: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 699: Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , and Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 702: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 709: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 721: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G RAHAM , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
California, and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 742: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 765: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 774: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OLLY , and 
Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 775: Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 784: Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. D EUTCH , and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 793: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 800: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 802: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 812: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 815: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 818: Mr. S IMPSON and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 822: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mrs. B LACK , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 823: Mr. H IGGINS and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 825: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 842: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. D AVIS of 
California. 
H.R. 846: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. E STY, Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 849: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 850: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 855: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 863: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
POLIQUIN . 
H.R. 864: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 868: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 880: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 881: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 891: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. V ELA, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 906: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 909: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 911: Mr. K EATING , Mr. M OULTON , and 
Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 913: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 918: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 920: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 921: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 923: Mr. B OST, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 927: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 928: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 932: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R USH, and Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 935: Mr. C OSTA , Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 963: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. H ILL, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 970: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 971: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 973: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 985: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
TIBERI . 
H.R. 987: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 989: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 990: Mr. C OOK, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 997: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
LATTA . 
H.R. 999: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1002: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. M ESSER , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. U PTON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1013: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1034: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1046: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 1053: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1058: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1059: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
POLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
BOST, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1073: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
STEWART , and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1076: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. U PTON , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1095: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1100: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 1104: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1111: Ms. H AHN, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1112: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1125: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1126: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. H IGGINS , and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1131: Mr. F ARRand Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 1133: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1135: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1143: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
KILDEE . 
H.R. 1149: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. W OODALL , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. C OLE, 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B OST, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.036 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2156 April 13, 2015 
MULVANEY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M ICA, and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H.R. 1159: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
POMPEO , and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1170: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K IND, and Mr. 
ELLISON . 
H.R. 1172: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1187: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1188: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. N OLAN , 
and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. B ARR, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1206: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1215: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . 
H.R. 1221: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1222: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1232: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1234: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. 
HULTGREN . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1249: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. I SSA, and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. L OBI-
ONDO . 
H.R. 1267: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B EYER , and 
Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1287: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1289: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 1302: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1306: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1309: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P OEof Texas, and 
Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1323: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1342: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, Mr. F ORBES , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1349: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
ASHFORD . 
H.R. 1354: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1358: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE  
H.R. 1365: Mr. C OOK, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
POMPEO , and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1369: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 1400: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1401: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. F ARR, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1404: Mr. B EYER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
WALZ, Ms. L EE, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1411: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
MCGOVERN . 
H.R. 1416: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1420: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ECK of Ne-
vada, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and 
Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1434: Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1460: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. 
KILMER . 
H.R. 1462: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1464: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1470: Mr. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. C OFFMAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1477: Ms. K APTUR and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1482: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1483: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1490: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1501: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1505: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1517: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1522: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1528: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1538: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. A MASH , 
Mr. B EYER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1565: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1585: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1586: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P ERRY , and 
Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1602: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1604: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1613: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
PERRY . 
H.R. 1619: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1622: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R ANGEL , and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1628: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin and Mr. 
MULVANEY . H.R. 1640: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1652: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. 
POLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1654: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and 
Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1658: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. G OHMERT , 
and Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 1661: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1662: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1665: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1674: Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1677. Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1682: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 1689: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
ELLISON . 
H.R. 1713: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1715: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1719: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1720: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1725: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.J. Res. 32: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. N OEM, Ms. G RA-
HAM, Mr. P ERRY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. V ELA. 
H. Res. 15: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. V ELA. 
H. Res. 34: Mr. W ALZ. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H. Res. 62: Ms. H AHN. 
H. Res. 102: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 106: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 112: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H. Res. 126: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H. Res. 139: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 141: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. B RATand Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H. Res. 156: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 157: Mr. S IRES. 
H. Res. 161: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . 
H. Res. 182: Ms. B ORDELLO and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . 
H. Res. 186: Ms. B ONAMICI and Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 188: Mr. M ESSER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:11 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.040 H13APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2093 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 2015 No. 52 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Immortal, invisible, God only wise, 
in light inaccessible You are hidden from our eyes. We are grateful that we can turn to You throughout life’s sea-sons, for You are the source of our hope for the years to come. 
Lord, in a world of change and decay, 
You remain the same yesterday, today, and forever. Strengthen our lawmakers with Your Spirit and inspire them with Your precepts. May they always place their confidence in You, for Your steadfast love and faithfulness sustain us. 
Undergird America with a foundation 
of right living that exults a nation, as You deliver us from the evils that bring national decline. Surround us all with the shield of Your Divine favor. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, this is an-
other day and another report high-lighting how ObamaCare is helping Americans. Today’s proof comes from a Gallup 
poll which finds that 9 out of 10 Ameri-cans report having health insurance. 
Here are a few excerpts from the As-
sociated Press article about this poll: ‘‘. . . underlining a change across the nation, nearly 9 out of 10 adults now say they have health insurance, ac-cording to an extensive survey released today.’’ 
The Gallup poll ‘‘found that the 
share of adults who lack [health] insur-ance dropped to 11.9 percent for the first three months of this year, the lowest level since the survey began its tracking in 2008.’’ 
Coverage gains from 2014–2015 translate to 
about 3.6 million fewer adults uninsured since the fall. . . . ‘‘The Affordable Care Act had three major objectives: increase cov-erage, slow the rate of increase in costs, and improve health’’. . . . ‘‘The first one is a clear win. Coverage is increasing; there is no question about it.’’ 
‘‘On balance, an estimated 14.75 mil-
lion adults have gained coverage since the fall of 2013, when the law’s first open enrollment season was about to begin.’’ 
The survey also found that ‘‘His-
panics saw the biggest coverage gains of any ethnic or racial group. At a time when Republicans are very keenly try-ing to court the Hispanic vote, a large chunk of Hispanics are gaining insur-ance via the Affordable Care Act.’’ 
Recent gains in coverage have benefited 
people up and down the income ladder. But the most notable improvement has been among those making less than $36,000 a year, a group that traditionally struggled to get and keep health insurance. 
Here is a little short comment on 
this. When we have people who make less than $36,000 getting insurance cov-erage, it saves us money. They are not having to go through their primary care physician—which is an emergency room—the highest cost of health care delivery in the United States. So this is really good news for America. ObamaCare is working, and there is more and more evidence every day. It is time to stop trying to destroy the 
law that has been helping millions and millions of Americans. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, let’s talk a 
little bit about Loretta Lynch. We have now passed the first 100 days of the Republican-controlled Senate. We all remember the lofty promises made by the Republican leader and his party when they assumed power. But we are still struggling to finish two issues that should have been resolved weeks ago. 
The Democrats are ready to move 
forward on the Lynch nomination and the so-called doc fix. This doc fix, which we are going to talk about a lit-tle later, is so important not only for the doctors but also for their patients. Medicare is an important part of our health care delivery system, and it benefits older Americans. 
This day marks the 157th day since 
President Obama first nominated Lo-retta Lynch as Attorney General. For more than 5 months, Democrats have been ready to take up and confirm the nomination. Back in November of last year, when Loretta Lynch was first nominated, the Republican leader said: ‘‘Ms. Lynch will receive fair consider-ation by the Senate. And her nomina-tion should be considered in the new Congress through regular order.’’ 
I am not making this up. This is 
what the Republican leader said. I quoted him verbatim. 
Even though the Democrats were 
ready to move the nomination before the elections, some Republicans want-ed a little more time to look at it. We agreed to that. We based this upon what the Republican leader said—that Ms. Lynch would receive fair consider-ation by the Senate. 
Well, that hasn’t happened. January 
came and went, and Loretta Lynch’s nomination never got a confirmation vote on the floor. Democrats were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Apr 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.000 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2094 April 13, 2015 
ready to confirm a new Attorney Gen-
eral, but Republicans weren’t and aren’t. 
February and March flew by and Re-
publicans still aren’t ready. Now we are half way through April, and once again, Senate Democrats are ready and willing to confirm a new Attorney Gen-eral, but the Republicans are not. 
Ms. Lynch has a spotless record. No 
one can question her integrity, her background, and there is no question that she should not have to wait any longer. 
f 
SGR LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have 
spent a little bit of time talking about the sustainable growth rate—the doc fix—or the SGR. Before the Senate re-cessed for the Easter break, Repub-licans were unable to agree on how to prevent the physician pay cut. Demo-crats were ready to proceed. The last night we were here, we said: When we come back, we want to move this House bill forward. We want three sim-ple amendments. 
We still feel the same way. We are 
willing not only to move forward on those amendments, but we will give a very short time agreement on each one of them. 
The Republican leader said when bills 
come to the floor, he wants to have amendments. We don’t want to amend this bill to death. We want three sim-ple amendments. We said that the night we were here when closing the Senate for the Easter recess, and we say it again. I wish Republicans would have joined us years ago in our efforts to repeal this faulty law, but they did not do that. 
Regardless of the history, we have an 
urgent need before us today to get this bill done. Each day that passes without doing this SGR, this sustainable growth rate—to get rid of it is basi-cally what we are doing. It would be a good day for America. It would also be a good day for America when we can confirm Loretta Lynch. Each day that passes without her confirmation and without a doc fix is just another exam-ple of Republicans’ inability to govern. 
Mr. President, would you announce 
the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. DISAPPROVAL OF SENATE JOINT 
RESOLUTION 8—PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
On March 31, 2015, during the ad-
journment of the Senate, a message from the President of the United States was received returning to the Senate the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board re-lating to representation case proce-dures. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8 is considered as having been read, will be printed in the R
ECORD , and spread in full upon the 
Journal. 
The veto message ordered to be print-
ed in the R ECORD is as follows: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL 
S.J. Res. 8 would overturn the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board’s re-cently issued ‘‘representation case pro-cedures’’ rule and block modest but overdue reforms to simplify and streamline private sector union elec-tions. Accordingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). 
Workers need a strong voice in the 
workplace and the economy to protect and grow our Nation’s middle class. Unions have played a vital role in giv-ing workers that voice, allowing work-ers to organize together for higher wages, better working conditions, and the benefits and protections that most workers take for granted today. Work-ers deserve a level playing field that lets them freely choose to make their voices heard, and this requires fair and streamlined procedures for deter-mining whether to have unions as their bargaining representative. Because this resolution seeks to undermine a streamlined democratic process that allows American workers to freely choose to make their voices heard, I cannot support it. 
To leave no doubt that the resolution 
is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 8 to the Secretary of the Sen-ate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 31, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
SGR LEGISLATION 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a few minutes to talk once again about the ongoing effort to re-place the Medicare sustainable growth rate, or SGR, formula. As we know, SGR has been a problem 
pretty much since its inception. Mem-bers of both parties have grown tired of passing temporary SGR patches that have been cobbled together at the last minute behind closed doors. This con-stant, seemingly unending, cycle has only grown more tiresome as the years have gone by. 
That is why a little over 2 years ago 
a group of leaders from both the House and the Senate set out to fix this prob-
lem once and for all. I was part of this effort. I was joined on the Senate side by former Finance Committee Chair-man Max Baucus. Together, Senator Baucus and I worked with the leaders of the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees to craft legislation that would repeal and replace SGR with an improved pay-ment system that rewards quality, effi-ciency, and innovation. 
While many critics deemed our ef-
forts a lost cause, we introduced our bill in late 2013 and got it reported out of the Finance Committee on a voice vote. That same legislation formed the basis of the SGR bill that passed over-whelmingly in the House with 392 votes at the end of March. 
Now the bill is before the Senate. It 
is my hope that we will act quickly to pass this bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion and send it to the President’s desk as soon as possible. 
This SGR bill is historic for a num-
ber of reasons. First of all, it dem-onstrates what Congress is truly capa-ble of when Members work together. While that type of cooperation used to be commonplace around here, it has in recent years been in short supply. The bill also represents a step forward in the effort to reform our Nation’s enti-tlement programs. The bill contains bi-partisan reforms to the Medicare pro-gram, and it is not limited to fixing the broken SGR system. 
To go along with the permanent SGR 
fix, the bill includes a meaningful downpayment on Medicare reform without any accompanying tax hikes. These reforms include a limitation on so-called Medigap first-dollar coverage, more robust means testing for Medi-care Parts B and D, and program integ-rity provisions that will strengthen Medicare’s ability to fight fraud. 
I am aware that these are not trans-
formative reforms and that much more work will be necessary to put Medi-care—not to mention our other entitle-ment programs—on a more sustainable trajectory. However, any Senators who, like me, have been clamoring for entitlement reform should welcome these changes. After all, for years the idea of bipartisan Medicare reform seemed, at best, farfetched. President Obama and his allies here in Congress have stated repeatedly that, before they would consider changes to our safety net programs, Republicans would have to agree to massive tax hikes. But here we are, just one Senate vote away from enacting meaningful and bipartisan Medicare reforms into law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.009 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2095 April 13, 2015 
Of course, as I said last month before 
the House vote, this bill is not perfect. Anyone who is determined to vote no could likely dig through the bill and find a reason to do so. I have my own thoughts as to how I would like to im-prove the bill. 
But, let’s be honest. While I have 
only been in the Senate for 38 years or so, I don’t remember voting on many perfect bills, particularly not on a sub-ject matter this complex and under a divided government. So, while I under-stand the impulse of some who may want to hold out for a better, more ideal solution to the SGR problem, I think it would be a grave mistake to pass up this bipartisan opportunity we have before us now. 
As I see it, we have two options. We 
can hold out for a better bill, one that satisfies every demand and subject our-selves to many more years of the last- minute, time-consuming SGR patches that are loathed by everyone in Con-
gress and everyone in the health care industry or we can pass the bipartisan, bicameral bill we have before us now, fixing the SGR problem once and for all and setting the stage for future en-titlement reform. 
It should be pretty clear where I 
stand. This is a good bill, and it is com-ing at the right time. 
I want to once again commend the 
leaders in the House from both parties who worked so hard to reach a deal on this legislation and to pass it with such an overwhelming consensus. I know it was not easy. 
It is now up to us here in the Senate. 
Let’s get this done. I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting the SGR bill. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONDURAS 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, over the 
course of the Easter recess, I went to meet with the President of Honduras, President Hernandez, about the limited albeit progress his country is making against crime, as well as all the drugs that are coming in. I had gone to Hon-duras with our four-star Marine gen-eral, General Kelly, the Commander of United States Southern Command. 
Between the U.S. military and the 
Coast Guard, we have been successful— as a matter of fact, I even went on some simulated drug interdictions out in the Caribbean off of Key West. They showed me how one Coast Guard fast boat can interdict a drug smuggler’s fast boat, and basically they shoot out the engines. They can do that from an-other fast boat or they can do that from a helicopter. That has had an effect. There are less 
drugs coming out of South America going into Honduras, which is one of the three Central American countries that had become so prime for the drug trade. 
They arrive in big shipments into 
Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala. Then they break them down into much smaller packets and go through this very efficient distribution system that goes north through the rest of Central America, into Mexico, and from there to the United States. 
It is hard to catch them when there 
are the much smaller packets of co-caine going north. Therefore, we have really made an effort to assist the three Central American countries: Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras. 
Needless to say, there is a lot of cor-
ruption in the governments and the local police of all of those three coun-tries. As a result, the drug lords find it fairly easy pickings to buy off people and buy off judges, so President Her-nandez came into office wanting to really make a difference. 
He started doing some shows of force. 
He has worked with General Kelly on this issue, but the fact is it is still a very violent country, with not only the drug trade but also human trafficking, but the trends are in the right direc-tion. 
One year ago, Honduras was the mur-
der capital of the world. It was about 86 murders per 100,000 of population. They have cut that number down to about 66 per 100,000 of population—still very high, but the trend is in the right di-rection. 
I commend President Hernandez, and 
I commend the First Lady of the coun-try. They have been trying to help their country with its economy so the extreme poverty that is so evident in that part of the world is not a caldron bubbling that is ripe for corruption and for paying off people to transport the drugs. 
In addition, of course there is the 
human trafficking. There is part of it for the sex slaves, and that is a trade where often parents are sending their children north—thinking they will have a better life—and the young girls are just brutally treated and ulti-mately forced into prostitution. But part of it is also, because of the pov-erty, the hopelessness of the parents that their children have no future. They are willing to turn—after paying thousands and thousands of dollars to a human trafficker—their children over to a coyote to transport those children to the north. 
Some of them don’t make it, and it is 
true some of the reforms that the Her-nandez government have been putting in place have lessened the migration of these young children, but there is a lot more to do. That is where I would com-mend the Senate to take a look at the administration’s request for Central America. It has a name, something such as Alliance for Progress. It is about a $1 billion appropriations re-quest that will help with the economic 
development and the medical care in that very poor region of the world. If the Congress will approve that request, I think we will continue to see the fruits of our labors—a very positive outcome. 
As long as there is such a difference 
between the economic elites and the very poor—a huge majority who are very poor—we are always going to have those problems, but at least we are see-ing the steps in the right direction. 
While I was there, our Ambassador 
Nealon asked me in the assembled press to announce that in another week the Naval Hospital ship the Comfort will be anchoring off the coast of Hon-duras. For 1 week it will offer the med-ical services of Navy doctors, nurses, and a whole host of private doctors and nurses from this country who are vol-unteering their time to go to Honduras and help with the medical attention that is so desperately needed in that part of the world. 
I commend to the Senate that we se-
riously consider favorably the request of the administration for this $1 billion into Central America. At the end of the day, it is going to lessen the drug trade going north through those countries and stop the family deprivation—lessen the family deprivation—of which they would dare risk their children to be sent north with a coyote. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CLEVELAND, OHIO 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, my 
home of Cleveland, OH, is one of our Nation’s historic great centers of in-dustry. Our manufacturing base helped to build our country’s infrastructure to win World War II and to spur our econ-omy to new heights in the 21st century. We are not only home to great makers, we are home to great creators as well. 
We are the home of rock and roll— 
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is in downtown Cleveland—great athletes and authors, people such as Jesse Owens and Toni Morrison, and we are home to great art. Cleveland is the home to world-renowned Cleveland Or-chestra, Playhouse Square, Karamu House, the NASA-designated Great Lakes Science Center, and one of the largest and best art museums not just in the United States but in the world, the Cleveland Museum of Art. 
In the early 1900s, Midwest cities saw 
a cultural explosion. Cities were pros-pering. Government and business lead-ers alike sought to harness that new wealth to build livable, world-class cit-ies. Museums were established across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Apr 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.011 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2096 April 13, 2015 
the Midwest. That is why cities such as 
Youngstown, Toledo, Dayton, Cin-cinnati, Cleveland—cities that may not have been the Nation’s largest, espe-cially when you look at Dayton, Youngstown, and Toledo, but cities that were prosperous—created great products, created great wealth, and made huge contributions to start these cultural centers. 
Ohio is one of the leading States in 
the Nation as far as locations of good art museums in pretty much all of our major cities. Art museums were status symbols. In many ways, they were the sports arenas of the early 20th century. 
It was in this climate that the Cleve-
land Museum of Art was established 99 years ago, opening in June 1916. We mark, last year and the next couple of years, the 100th anniversary of the Cleveland City Club and the 100th anni-versary of the Cleveland Orchestra also. So much happened in that decade in Cleveland, OH, and cities like it across the country. 
The original marble neoclassic build-
ing was an instant icon, a signal to the world that Cleveland would take its place as a world-class city and a center for the arts. And 100 years later, the Cleveland Museum of Art is thriving. It has a permanent collection that is world-renowned and possesses a deep commitment to the local community. 
Under the leadership of Director Wil-
liam Griswold and Steven Kestner, chair of the board of trustees, the mu-seum is expanding in every direction, working to engage the community and using new technology to educate visi-tors. I had the privilege of visiting the art museum just in the last week or so, talking with Dr. Griswold, and looking at the new Africa exhibit that is on tour that has been collected for Cleve-land, and I got a chance to see a good bit of this beautiful museum. I have been many times. Each time I go, I come away with an even greater appre-ciation for the institution, the art, the curators, the collectors, and the people who work there. Dr. Griswold shared with me that day he was appointed as director, he was with some European friends who told him the Cleveland Mu-seum of Art was their favorite art mu-seum in the entire world. 
The museum recently completed a 
$350 million expansion and renovation that will better integrate the museum with the surrounding community. It has transformed the museum’s spaces and has prepared this institution to in-spire and educate Ohioans for the next 100 years. It beckons young people and students—many low-income students in the immediate area, within a few square miles around the museum—to come visit and learn about our cultural heritage and look to the future. 
When I met with Dr. Griswold—let 
me back up for a moment. This capital improvement was the largest capital improvement of any museum in Ohio history and supported some 1,100 local jobs. The project injected more than $360 million directly into our State’s economy. The impact will be felt for 
years to come. 
As it approaches its centennial cele-
bration next year, the Cleveland Mu-seum of Art will continue to attract visitors from Cuyahoga County, from northeast Ohio, and from around the world. In 2013, 600,000 people visited that museum. More than one-third of them were from outside of Ohio. More than half a million visitors were re-sponsible for $80 million in consumer spending in the city. 
The museum’s first director, Fred-
erick Allen Whiting, believed the mu-seum should serve not as an ivory tower but as an educational institution engaged in the community. He wanted to bring art to people, not just people into the museum. 
The museum established its first edu-
cation department. In 1919, they held the first annual exhibition of Cleveland artists and craftsmen. It became known as the May Show and showcased local artists for the next 73 years. Dr. Griswold continues that tradition of community engagement. 
When I met with him, he told me 
that leaders of cultural institutions have a responsibility to participate in my city’s transformation. He is com-mitted and the museum’s staff is com-mitted to making our city a better place. They have elevated the muse-um’s education and interpretation de-partment and are committed to the value of interpretive excellence. Edu-cation in the museum is aimed at a general audience, not just art buffs and historians. 
Parenthetically, my sister-in-law 
teaches in the art history department at Case Western Reserve University. Catherine talks to me about how inte-grated Case is in the art history de-partment with that museum. It is a classroom for students. It is a class-room for the whole community beyond Case. 
Studies show that a high concentra-
tion of the arts in communities leads to higher civic engagement. Students who take art classes, play musical in-struments, take dance lessons gen-erally do better in school. 
Dr. Griswold and his team are in the 
forefront of the use of technology to 
educate and to connect visitors with the museum’s collections. The Cleve-land Art Museum is also home to the country’s largest multitouch screen, a collection wall. This huge, interactive wall stands at 40 square feet and fea-tures more than 4,100 works of art from the museum’s collection. 
To get a feel for the reach and the 
breadth of a museum of this stature in one of our Nation’s great cities, the museum has 20 curators on staff. It re-cruits for these positions around the world. 
In Cleveland, we have the Cleveland 
Institute of Art, and we have great uni-versities. However, when it comes time to look for a new curator, the Cleve-land Art Museum looks worldwide. 
The museum’s collection includes 
45,000 objects and spans nearly 6,000 years of history. This February, the 
museum’s ‘‘Senufo: Art and Identity in West Africa’’ special exhibit opened after 5 years of work by curators. It features 170 objects from more than 60 collections around the world. 
We know that strong communities 
require strong cultural institutions. From the Cleveland Institute of Music, to the Fine Arts Garden, to the Botan-ical Garden, to the Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland continues to cul-tivate the vibrant arts community that enriches our city and enriches our State. 
Thanks to the art museum, the 
Cleveland Museum of Art, and Dr. Gris-wold, who is relatively still new on the job, for their contributions to our com-munity. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
AND THE TRANS-PACIFIC PART-NERSHIP 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, let 
me start with a story. More than 15 years ago, a friend and I—I met with friends, and I flew to South Texas at my own expense. I wanted to see how the North American Free Trade Agree-ment was working. 
During my first year in Congress 20- 
plus years ago, in the House of Rep-resentatives, I helped to lead the oppo-sition to the North American Free Trade Agreement. I stood up to a Presi-dent of my own party, President Clin-ton, who I think was wrong on the North American Free Trade Agree-ment. Since then, I disagreed with President Bush—a President not of my party—on his trade policy. 
I wanted to see, 4, 5 years after 
NAFTA was implemented, what it looked like, what went on along the U.S.-Mexican border. As I said, at my own expense I rented a car with a cou-ple friends and went to Mexico. Here is what I found. I walked into a neighbor-hood where thousands of workers lived, workers who were working in formerly U.S. plants that, because of NAFTA, had crossed the river and were relo-cated in Mexico in some areas called maquiladoras. These were American plants that relocated to Mexico, pro-ducing with very low-income workers, no environmental labor standards, and selling those products back into the United States. It is a 20th-century, 21st-century way of doing business for far too many companies. Unknown in human history, to my knowledge, have so many companies, as they have in the United States, incorporated their business plans where they shut down production in Sandusky or Mansfield, OH, and move production to Wuhan or Shiyan, China, and sell those products back into the United States. 
I wanted to see what it looked like. I 
walked through this neighborhood where thousands of workers lived in very abject, poor conditions. These were workers working for in most cases American companies south of the bor-der in Mexico, for very low wages. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Apr 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.004 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2097 April 13, 2015 
I walked through these neighbor-
hoods. I saw people living in shacks. These shacks were often made of pack-ing materials, maybe wooden crates from products that had been shipped in for assembly at these plants, cardboard boxes often with the names of the com-panies on them. They were living in conditions like that. 
I walked through the neighborhood, 
and I saw kind of meandering through the neighborhood these ditches filled with industrial and human waste. Who knows what was in those ditches. Chil-dren were playing nearby, walking across and jumping across the ditches, sometimes playing far too close to these ditches filled with toxic waste. The American Medical Association in those days called that area in Mexico across from the United States, across from the Rio Grande River, the most toxic place in North America. 
Then I went to an auto plant. Nearby 
was an auto plant. It was a new auto plant. It looked a lot like a U.S. auto plant. It was new and modern. In fact, it was newer than many auto plants in the United States. The workers were working hard. The machines were new. The workers were productive. The floors were clean. There was one dif-ference between a U.S. auto plant—a plant in Avon Lake or Lorain, OH— there was one difference between a U.S. auto plant and a Mexican auto plant. Do you know what the difference was? The difference was the Mexican auto plant had no parking lot because the workers in Mexico weren’t paid enough to buy the cars they make. 
Go halfway around the world. Go to 
China and go to an Apple plant—actu-ally, it is a Foxconn plant. Apple has hired a Chinese contractor. Go to an Apple plant in China. The workers don’t make enough in those plants to buy the iPhone they make. 
Go to Bangladesh and go to a de-
signer clothing factory, an apparel fac-tory, and the workers don’t make enough to buy the apparel they make. 
Go back to this side of the globe and 
go to Colombia and go to a farm where they are growing cut flowers. The workers don’t make enough to buy flowers for their girlfriends and wives for Valentine’s Day. They don’t make enough to buy the cut flowers they are growing for Americans. 
That is what has happened around 
the world with these trade agreements. You see the same things—a race to the bottom. Almost anywhere the United States passes trade agreements, we see workers overseas making products they cannot afford for themselves. These trade agreements would be dif-ferent if workers were paid enough that they began to make products made in Dayton, OH, or Gallipolis, OH, or Troy, OH. Instead, these workers cannot af-ford to buy the products they are mak-ing. 
That is what our trade deals force 
American workers to compete with— jobs that pay pennies an hour. They lead to a downward wage spiral across the globe. Why do most people sitting 
in this gallery, why do most people in this country, unless they are in the top 5 or 10 percent, why have they not got-ten a raise in the last 10 years? The middle class in this country has not seen their incomes go up even though the wealthy get wealthier, even though companies are more profitable, even though executives pay themselves higher bonuses. The middle-class wages have been stagnant, partly because of these trade agreements and partly be-cause my friends on the other side of the aisle won’t let us fix the Tax Code, where if you shut down production in Lima or in Ravenna, OH, and move it to Wuhan or Shiyan, China, and sell it back into the United States, you get a tax break. American companies get a tax break for shutting down production in this country and moving it overseas and partly because of trade policy. 
The reason people don’t get raises in 
this country—a big reason—is because of a trade policy and a tax policy that far too many politicians in this body have allowed to happen. That is why we can’t afford another agreement like the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We can’t allow a fast track of the Trans- Pacific Partnership. The last thing we need is another NAFTA, another Northern American Freed Trade Agree-ment. We do not need a deal negotiated in secret and rushed—hence the term ‘‘fast track’’—rushed with no amend-ments, with no real oversight, with no access even to reading the text. 
It would intrigue people if they knew 
that it is harder for a Senator or a Sen-ator’s staff to get the opportunity to read the Trans-Pacific Partnership— this newly negotiated trade deal—it is harder for us to get access to read that than it is to read about the Iran sanc-tions or to read a CIA report or to read a classified document from the Depart-ment of Defense. It is actually harder to get access to the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, to this trade agreement, to study it, than it is to national defense, national security concerns. What are they trying to hide? Why would that be? 
I have spent much of the last couple 
of weeks talking with workers and businesses around Ohio. I met with workers like Darryl Parker, a former worker at R.G. Steel’s Warren, OH, plant and former president of the Steelworkers Local 1375. The plant has a proud history dating back to 1912. Close to 3 years ago, it was the fourth largest flat-rolled steel maker in America. It didn’t close because of poor performance. These are some of the most productive workers in the world. There is one reason 1,300 workers like Darryl lost their jobs: unfair trade. 
I met with Vinny Gaietto in Toledo, 
a former American Standard worker— actually, in Tiffin. I met him in To-ledo. Vinny lost his job in 2007 when the plant closed down and moved to Mexico. 
We cannot allow this to continue. We 
have no business passing fast track to fast track jobs out of this country, to 
fast track weaker environmental rules and worker safety rules. 
Trade policy should ensure a level 
playing field for all companies com-peting in a global economy. Instead, our trade policy is unfair to small busi-nesses, to workers, and to those com-munities where plants shut down one after another. The communities then have to lay off teachers, firefighters, police officers, and municipal garbage collection workers because their tax base has shrunk because their jobs have gone overseas. 
Although worker productivity is 
higher, they face stagnating wages, in-creased middle-class insecurity, and rising inequality at home. Yet cor-porate profits are up and CEO pay has reached record levels. Fundamentally the workers are not sharing in the wealth they have created for their em-ployers. 
The reason our economy worked so 
well after World War II is because pro-ductivity went up, profits went up, wages went up, but since the assault on organized labor and trade unions and the decline of unionization in this country, productivity continues to go up, profits continue to go up, and ex-ecutives’ compensation and bonuses continue to skyrocket, yet wages have stayed flat and most Americans have not had a wage increase. 
Last year Wall Street bonuses—just 
the bonuses on Wall Street—were dou-ble what all minimum-wage workers earned in the country combined. I will say that again. Wall Street bonuses— mostly their Christmas bonuses, or whenever they are given—were double what all the minimum-wage workers in the country made combined. 
We need to invest in supporting 
workers with a living wage, paid sick and family leave, and equal pay for equal work. We need to invest in infra-structure. When the State government is cut, we know what happens—particu-larly in my State. When the State gov-ernment is cut, it cuts support for local communities. We know what happens to our highways, our streets, and our bridges. 
We fundamentally know that trade, 
done right, creates prosperity. I want trade, and I want more of it. I think Ohioans want trade, but we want trade that builds an on-ramp to the middle class here at home and lifts workers from poverty in America and around the world. We do not want another NAFTA. 
Earlier this month, I visited the Ford 
plant near Cleveland in Brook Park, OH. Ford brought its manufacturing of EcoBoost engines back from Valencia, Spain. They invested $200 million and brought 450 new jobs to Cleveland. Some companies, such as Ford, are be-ginning to reshore manufacturing jobs because they know our workers are skilled and efficient. But auto compa-nies need protections from foreign gov-ernments’ unfair trade practices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Apr 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.013 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2098 April 13, 2015 
While I disagree with President 
Obama on the trade promotion author-ity fast track and on the Trans-Pacific partnership agreement, I give him credit for being more aggressive than President Bush or President Clinton on enforcing trade rules and trade laws. It makes a difference in helping to create jobs. 
Trade agreements must include pro-
visions protecting our workers and our companies from foreign governments that artificially manipulate their cur-rency. For example, Japan has a his-tory of shutting out American auto companies and manipulating their cur-rency to benefit their own manufactur-ers. That policy has worked for Japan, but it has not worked for us. In 2013, for every 1 car the United States sold to Japan, we imported 99 cars from Japan. That doesn’t sound like a level playing field, where cars that were made by American workers get an op-portunity to sell in Japan. It is not much different with Korea. Too much is at stake. Our capacity to outcompete and outinnovate our com-petitors depends on our capacity to outmanufacture them. That means we need trade policies that will create op-portunities for workers and small busi-nesses so they can earn a living wage and join the middle class. 
I urge my colleagues to demand in-
creased transparency in this process. I urge everyone to say no to a deal that shortchanges our workers and compa-nies and does not ensure a level playing field. 
We cannot allow another trade deal— 
we had NAFTA, PNTR with China, CAFTA, South Korea, and Colombia, one after another—that sells out our workers and ships jobs overseas. It is time for a very different trade policy. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE JIM OBERGEFELL STORY 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I 
rise with some excitement as I get to tell a story that is an American story. This story is, in fact, a love story. 
The first time Jim Obergefell met 
the love of his life, John Arthur, nei-ther of them were swept off their feet. As is the case with a lot of couples, they met at a bar through mutual friends. They met then a second time, but the sparks didn’t really fly then ei-ther. It wasn’t until a few months later that they met for the third time at a New Year’s Eve party. This time, they fell in love. Jim and John like to joke that theirs was a story of love at third sight. 
Following the New Year’s Eve party, 
John and Jim began building their lives together in Cincinnati, OH. The 
next 20 years they spent doing so many of the things that connected couples do. They said ‘‘I love you’’ for the first time. They had their first fight. Their bond grew and grew, and this incredible couple moved in together, buying their first home, selling that home, buying another home, and working together, building lives together. They moved from job to job, but they stayed to-gether. Traveling, making friends, be-coming involved with their commu-nity, they built a life of love together. 
Jim and John’s love story is a famil-
iar one. They crossed familiar relation-ship milestones and faced so many of the same probing questions many cou-ples often get: Why aren’t you married? Have you thought about getting mar-ried? Hey, what about marriage? 
Well, of course, they had thought 
about marriage. Their bond was that strong; they were so deeply in love and committed. But their response, unfor-tunately, was that they had thought of it, but they wanted it to actually mean something legally. They wanted it to be right and just. They wanted their marriage to be affirmed before all, and for it to have meaning under the law. They wanted it to be recognized just as it was for other American citizens. They wanted that ideal that exists deep in our country’s heritage, flowing through all of our roots, that they to-gether as a couple could have a life, could have liberty, and could pursue their happiness. 
However, for them at that time, 
equality and freedom for all in our country was an ideal that was seem-ingly far off. But I will tell my col-leagues this: What I love about Amer-ica is that we cannot slow down the dream of freedom and equality. It marches forward. Look at history and we see all of the attempts to stop these fundamental ideals of freedom and equality under the law. People and ty-rants, with brutality, try to chain our freedom, try to beat it back. They try to assassinate its advocates, but just as the Statue of Freedom sits on the Cap-itol dome, freedom rises, and it will come. 
Jim and John watched the progress 
march in our country as so many of us did with encouragement. Painfully slowly but steadily it marched forward. As they watched and waited, they went on living their lives of love together. For almost 20 years, their union, their bond as committed people with uncon-ditional love continued. 
Unfortunately, though, John began 
having problems walking. After months of tests, doctors’ appoint-ments, prodding and probing, John was diagnosed with ALS. The typical prog-nosis for a patient with ALS is 2
1⁄2to 5 
years. Jim became John’s primary caregiver. He leapt up. He had uncondi-tional love. There were trying times, but he said he considered it a privilege to care for his life’s love. 
Two years after John’s diagnosis in 
2013, when he was receiving hospice care and was confined to a hospital bed 
in their Cincinnati home, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Edith Windsor, declaring that the Defense of Marriage Act was unconstitutional. That deci-sion set the stage for an even greater national movement toward marriage equality. It set the stage—after years of struggle and fights and sacrifice for equal rights—for equality under the law, for love to be affirmed in marriage between two Americans, to be affirmed and equally recognized, not con-demned, not banned, not made illegal. So on a warm day in June, after 20 years of love, commitment, and build-ing a life together, it was at this mo-ment that Jim leaned over to John, sit-ting there in his hospital bed, kissed him, and proposed: ‘‘Let’s get mar-ried.’’ 
Because Ohio has yet to recognize 
marriage equality, and with John con-fined to his bed, this was going to be 
challenging. Their options were lim-ited. Transporting John to a State that would recognize their marriage would require a special medically equipped airplane, and it would require a lot of money they did not have. Jim asked for ideas on Facebook, and people came forward. Unprompted, Jim and John’s friends raised $13,000 to cover the en-tire cost of a specially chartered med-ical plane. 
A few weeks later, Jim, John, and 
John’s Aunt Paulette, who became or-dained to perform the service, boarded a plane in Ohio that took off and land-ed nearby in Maryland. In this State, they recognize marriage equality. In this State, they recognized the love of two American citizens. And for 7
1⁄2 
minutes, on the tarmac at Baltimore- Washington International Airport, John and Jim, two Americans, had their wedding. 
Sitting on the tarmac, Jim, holding 
the hands of his partner of 20 years— whose hands lacked dexterity and strength—said this to John: 
We met for the first time, my life didn’t 
change, your life didn’t change. We met a second time, still nothing changed. Then we met a third time, and everything changed. As you recently said, it was love at third sight, and for the past twenty years, six months and eleven days, it’s been love at every sight. 
In a cramped medical airplane, 
John’s aunt began the formal vows. She started to say, ‘‘Take each other’s hands,’’ but then realized they had never let go of each other’s hands. 
They exchanged their rings, Jim 
helping John place the ring on his own finger, and after the ceremony they left that Maryland tarmac to fly back. Jim and John arrived home to the re-alities of a disease like ALS. John was dying. And while they had taken their eternal vows together, while their mar-riage was affirmed by love, affirmed by this unbreakable commitment, af-firmed by loving family and by friends, affirmed to be legal by the State of Maryland, their marriage was dis-avowed by their home State—the State John would eventually die in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.016 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2099 April 13, 2015 
These men at this time decided to 
work with a civil rights attorney be-cause they feared that even after their actions on their part, John’s death cer-tificate would list him as unmarried— an assault on the dignity of two great men. His life with his partner—their 20 years of love and commitment and ulti-mate affirmation of those years—their marriage would mean nothing accord-ing to the government. They feared that on this document—the last docu-mentation of his life—that their life of love and commitment would be denied by their government. On this paper their marriage would be denied—ne-gated, disallowed. 
John, who married to the love of his 
life, died in his home State and was listed on that final government docu-ment as single. With their attorney, the men filed a lawsuit to have John and Jim’s marriage legally recognized in Ohio. A week and a half after their marriage, a district judge in Ohio ruled to recognize their wedding, but that was just the start of a long legal fight. 
In the last few months of John’s life, 
Jim worked with the attorney to con-tinue to fight for recognition of their citizenship rights as Americans. People would ask Jim: Why, when your hus-band is dying, would you use your last days together to fight this? Jim’s re-sponse was simple: Why not? 
Jim could not think of any better 
way to honor his husband, to live up to his vows, and to demonstrate the power of his love, the power of their commit-ment, the power of love in our world, other than to fight this injustice. 
A little over 3 months after their 
marriage, the inevitable eventually ar-rived. John passed away at the young age of 48. Amidst his overwhelming grief, Jim found a small but sub-stantive source of consolation. On his death certificate he was listed as mar-ried with Jim’s name listed as his sur-viving spouse. 
The State of Ohio appealed the deci-
sion to list John as married. Their gov-ernment went to court to strip him and his beloved of this recognition and won. State officials made it their mis-sion to change John Arthur’s death certificate. 
Jim Obergefell now stands as a 
named plaintiff in an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, the highest Court in the land, to have he and his husband’s fundamental rights recognized—that their vows and commitment be worthy of recognition as American citizens. They have joined with cases from three other States also seeking that affirma-tion of citizenship, of equality under the law. Together, all these cases have come to represent the cause of paving the way for marriage equality to be-come a reality in our Nation. 
Jim and John’s story is moving. It is 
being heard in a building across the street with these words emblazoned over its doors, ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law.’’ Their story is heartbreaking. It is inspiring, but unfortunately in our Nation right now it is all too common. This story of theirs about the per-
sistent, unyielding, and indefatigable love conquering indifference about our ideals of equality conquering inequal-ity in our country. This call is in their hearts for each other reflects the larger call for our country for itself, for us to live our truth. It calls that question forward, what kind of country will we be? Will we be the Nation of love and freedom and equality? Will we be the Nation that every single generation has had people standing up for these ideals, people pushing to March for-ward for our country these ideals. This is not a question about sexual orienta-tion or race or gender, it is a question about whether our country will live up to the ideals we say every time we pledge allegiance to our flag: ‘‘. . . lib-erty and justice for all.’’ 
Will we have equality under the law 
or will we tolerate a government that denies some citizens fundamental rights while granting them to others? This is the question that is being called. 
It is a question that echoes through-
out our history—Sojourner Truth, standing in Akron, OH, at the Women’s Convention, calling the question, ‘‘Ain’t I a woman?’’ 
It is a question by my family mem-
bers that I heard, standing strong, say-ing defiantly: I am a man. I, too, am an American citizen. 
Proclaiming those words, generation 
after generation have strained at chains, have fought Jim Crowe. It is what Susan B. Anthony said when she said, ‘‘It is we the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. . . . ’’ 
This is the ideal—the love of our 
country, the sacrifice for our prin-ciples, this ideal that has been fought for generation after generation. The question was called by abolitionists, by suffragettes: Will we be a nation with liberty and justice for all? 
Throughout our history the question 
would call: Will we have freedom for all? Will truth march on—as it did in Selma, as it gathered in church base-ments and protested at Stonewall and came together at Seneca Falls. Will we live our truth, despite the assassina-tions of its advocates such as Milk and King, Matthew Shepard or Emmitt Till? Will our march come to fruition to fight for recognition of full citizen-ship beyond race, beyond creed, beyond color, beyond orientation? It is this dream that must be secured for all of our citizens as Langston Hughes said so clearly: ‘‘There is a dream in this land with its back against the wall, to save the dream for one, we must save the dream for all.’’ 
We fight for this dream here. The 
time is now. The anguish has gone on long enough. And I will tell you I found out just preparing my remarks that we still face these weary years and too many silent tears. 
I sat with staff members and learned 
of some of their struggles right here as Capitol Hill employees. One of my 
young staffers shared that he entered his adult life unsure if his full citizen-ship rights would be an option in his lifetime. Could he have equality under the law? Could he be married? Similar to many gay men and lesbians decades before him, he was afraid his country would cast his love as less meaningful at best or at worst vile and immoral. Yet today, in this case before the Su-
preme Court, it makes him hopeful that we can live in a country that one day recognizes his love, his value, his dignity, as being equal under the law. 
Another staff Member told me he 
feared that his coming out as gay would mean his own family would never accept him. He shared what he described as a defining moment in his own valuation of his self-worth when he came out as gay to his deeply reli-gious grandmother. She held his hands tightly in her own and looked him in the eyes and proclaimed, ‘‘I will always love you, and I will love anyone who loves you.’’ 
All across America right now there 
are weary years, silent tears, unspoken pain in the country that does not value the dignity, worth, and citizenship rights of too many. 
What message does it send? How 
many stand in uncertainty and fear and despair that threatens to consume the potential of young people? I see the data of suicide rates rising for our gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender teens. We cannot give any implicit sup-port for any idea that they are worth less or are lesser citizens, and we all should come together and condemn so- called therapies that purport to change who people are at their core, as if it is not enough, as if they are not worthy. All across the country this struggle is going on, from intimate, personal struggles to public fights—stories of love meeting fear, stories of hope meet-ing despair, our families and commu-nities coming together to stand and say that I am an American. I am a cit-izen. I deserve equality under the law. 
As Jackie Robinson said then, and it 
is true now: ‘‘The right of every Amer-ican to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time.’’ 
Jim and John and all Americans have 
a right not to second-class citizenship but first-class citizenship, to honor their first-class love. 
I am a prisoner of hope today. I am 
not going to let disappointment after disappointment undermine my infinite sense of hope for our country. The his-tory of our Nation is a screaming testi-mony of a perpetual achievement of freedom and light and truth over-coming inequality and hatred. Just 3 years ago, only six States and Wash-ington, DC, had marriage equality, with 34 million Americans living in marriage equality States. Now 37 States and DC have marriage equality, meaning 224 million Americans now live in States that honor equal rights to marry. This movement has been a strong validation of our country’s his-tory. It is a shining example of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.018 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2100 April 13, 2015 
progress. However, just because the arc 
of history always bends toward justice does not mean it will not meet resist-ance. As King said, ‘‘Change never rode in on the wheels of inevitability.’’ 
We are the architects of our Nation. 
We are the truth tellers, life workers, and lovers that must exult our prin-ciples. We cannot fail now. Love is on the line. Citizenship is on the line. We are interdependent. We need each other. We cannot deny the worth of one American without denying the worth, dignity, and strength of our Nation as a whole. 
The story of Jim Obergefell and John 
Arthur is a story not just of uncondi-tional love and unconditional hope, it is not just about the two of them, but it is about our country. This is the story of all of us—of America. It is a story of what our truth will be. One member of this incredible partnership has passed away, but I know their love marches on. 
I believe in this country our truth 
will march on, and equality and justice will have its way. 
Madam President, I yield to my col-
league, the Senator from Ohio. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, Sen-
ator S
ESSIONS wants to speak in a mo-
ment, and I will be brief. 
I would like to thank Senator B OOK-
ERfor his always stirring words and for 
his sense of justice and fair play and leadership in so many ways. 
I met Jim about 1 year ago and had 
a brief meeting, not too long after the court decision by Judge Black in the Cincinnati Southern District Court in Ohio. I just spent a half an hour with him in my office. He never wanted and never expected to be famous. He never expected to come to Washington to meet with Senators. He never expected to travel the country giving speeches. He was once a high school teacher. He joked that more people have been with him as he traveled across the country, joked that when he spoke to crowds of hundreds or even 1,000 about his experi-ence with his beloved John and what has happened, he wished that his stu-dents had listened to him so closely. You could hear a pin drop when he spoke to hundreds, which is not always the case when speaking as a high school teacher. But he wanted to live his life in a normal way as most Ameri-cans do. He never expected to have his story or his marriage litigated before the U.S. Supreme Court. 
But that is really the mark of char-
acter, that Jim has taken his grief and his pain and hoped to change the world, and that is what he is doing. His mar-riage is still not equal in my State of Ohio. I am embarrassed by that. I was, frankly, embarrassed when Ohio, 10 years ago, passed a constitutional amendment outlawing same-sex mar-riage. I thought it was a terrible public policy mistake. I think it left too many people behind and too many peo-ple heartbroken. Jim and his late husband John Ar-
thur’s story is one of love and sacrifice. It could happen to anyone. It could happen to any of us. Frankly, it hap-pens to too many families. So as Sen-ator B
OOKER pointed out, they flew to 
Maryland where John’s aunt, Paulette Roberts, officiated their marriage on the tarmac in a medical plane. 
Paulette remarked, ‘‘If marriage 
vows mean anything, then those two were more married than anyone I have ever known.’’ That speaks to their commitment, it speaks to their love, to the seriousness with which they took their wedding vows, and the serious-ness of the relationship for 20 years prior to that. 
Just 3 months and 11 days later John 
passed away. Jim has been fighting for his marriage ever since. The question is, why should he have to do that? No one ever voted to allow my wife Connie and me to stand before our families and acknowledge our love and commit-ment. When we were married, we were benefitting from a right not—get this— a right not extended to the minister who officiated our wedding. 
The woman who officiated our wed-
ding, Kate Huey, had had a marriage— she had had a commitment ceremony 18 years earlier. It was not until late last year that she traveled to New York with the woman she loved and was officially married, legally married in New York. You still cannot do that in Ohio. It is outrageous that she can-not do that in Ohio. I am hopeful after Jim’s case is argued a couple of weeks from now and the Court hands down that decision, it will stop that bigotry and inequality that has hidden under the banner of tradition for far too long. 
Keep in mind—and Senator B
OOKER , I 
thought, laid out a lot of this history very well—Ohio once passed laws to keep Black people and White people from marrying. Ohioans came together, as we always do, we rallied, we re-pealed that unjust and hateful antimiscegenation law. We have a long history of fighting for justice and equality. We will not rest until we achieve that justice for Jim and for John. 
I look at the pages who sit before us 
who are mostly 16 and 17-years-old. This is something that makes no sense to most of them. When I was talking to Jim earlier in my office, he had made a speech in Athens, OH, to Ohio Univer-sity students. He told me most of them could not understand why State laws would prohibit somebody from marrying the person whom they love. They could not understand why the State government, the Ohio State gov-ernment, would spend my tax dollars and Jim’s tax dollars, the tax dollars of Hazel’s parents—mother of the page from Ohio—the tax dollars of all of us to fight this court battle so that Jim’s marriage would be denied. 
If the Supreme Court rules in Jim’s 
favor, and I think it will, Jim’s name will go down in the history books, along with Roe, from Roe v. Wade; and Brown, in Brown v. Board of Education. 
It is not what Jim was after. It would be fitting for a love that spanned dec-ades and was strong enough to carry Jim here to Washington. The moment has come for our Supreme Court to stand on the right side of history and join Americans who support marriage equality. 
As Senator B
OOKER said, 37 States 
and the District of Columbia now allow marriage equality. I do not like it that we have to rely on the Supreme Court to get my State to change its laws. We have politicians who look backward rather than forward. That is too bad. We have politicians who are willing to deny human beings basic rights, basic civil rights, basic rights of decency and fairness. 
I am hopeful that Jim’s courage and 
Jim’s outspokenness and Jim’s willing-ness to join on behalf of John in his fight and make this fight will help change my State and help change our Nation. I know I cannot look to the gallery and thank somebody so I will not look to the gallery, but I will still thank Jim from here. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
f 
SGR LEGISLATION 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
would like to share a few thoughts as we head into this week, because we will be confronting the question of how to fix the payment to our physicians who treat Medicare and Medicaid patients. If we do not take action, there will be a 21-percent reduction in the amount of money they are paid to do the work for the Federal Government. 
This is an unacceptable alternative, 
but it is what current law says. Con-gress needs to fix it. In fact, we have been dealing with this for 17 years. For 17 years, Congress has, in some way or another, fixed the doctor payment plan and raised their pay so that they do not take a cut. As years have gone by, the size of the cut that needs to be fixed has increased too, as I said, 21 percent today if we do not act. I think there is a uniform, universal belief that we should do that, and do it on a per-manent basis so we do not have to have doctors calling Congress every year, saying: Are you going to change the law so I can continue to do Medicare work? If you do not change it and my services are cut 21 percent, I am out of here. I can hardly make a living now on what you pay me, and taking a big cut will not allow me to continue to offer Medicare services for people in need. 
It is a big issue and a real issue. I 
have favored a permanent fix for a number of years. I would offer, though, to my colleagues that many of us who have been concerned about the finan-cial condition of our country have suc-cessfully insisted each one of those 17 times that the new money that is need-ed to pay the additional funding be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.019 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2101 April 13, 2015 
paid for, that is, by finding wasteful 
spending or other spending somewhere else in the government of this country and use that money to make up the dif-ference. 
We have refused to pass it by just 
borrowing the money. Remember, this is an entitlement. By that, it means once the government says what the rate will be, the doctors will go out and do the work, they will demand pay-ment whether the government has any money or not, whether we are running deficits or not. If the government does not pay them the rate agreed upon, they can file a complaint and the gov-ernment will have to come up with the money. 
What we really needed to offset this 
was a real finding of wasteful spending, or spending in other areas to divert that money to pay for this increase in pay for doctors on a permanent basis. It appears that Speaker B
OEHNER and 
Democratic Leader P ELOSI in the 
House got together and agreed on a bill. They passed it in the House with a big vote. Even most Democrats voted for the bill. 
It was sent to the Senate as we were 
voting, at that very time, that very day, on the budget resolution for the Senate. We were proud of our budget. It was not a perfect budget. I supported it. But it balanced. If we follow the plans put forth in the budget resolu-tion that passed the Senate—if we fol-low those—we would be on a path to a balanced budget. We would be spending about $4,000-plus billion 10 years from today. We would be increasing spending all right, but not as much as has been projected, but we also see a $3 billion surplus in the final year of the budget window. So instead of having a deficit in the 10th year, we were going to have a $3 billion surplus. That is something to celebrate after decades of deficits, trillion dollar deficits, $1,000 billion deficits. I think we have averaged $1,000 billion deficits for the last 6 years. Unbelievable. 
We are committed to the American 
people to do something about it. The Budget Control Act and other efforts have reduced our spending from what it might otherwise have been. The House decided to send H.R. 2 to the Senate. They passed it with a big vote. This bill, over 250 pages in length, was sent to the Senate the same evening as our budget vote-arama. We had over 750 amendments under consideration that evening. We finished the budget process at 3 a.m. What many wanted us to do was just pass this bill at 3 a.m. with hardly any knowledge of what was in it and without a real understanding of how much it was going to cost. We were told by a number of people that it was ‘‘paid for.’’ ‘‘Don’t worry about it.’’ ‘‘It has been taken care of.’’ 
So there was concern about that. 
Senator M
CCONNELL did not bring it up 
at 3:30 in the morning right before we did our recess. It was unseemly to have done that for a whole host of reasons. But we are coming right up to the deadline. The deadline was March 31, 
but I understand that there was a 14- day window whereby Congress could consider a fix before doctors were im-pacted. We need to get this taken care of. But we need to do it responsibly, in a grownup fashion. 
The House Members really did not 
have the bill to study. They just fol-lowed mainly talking points, which if you read their talking points, I may have voted for it, based on what they were telling their Members. The talk-ing points said this: First, it told House members that the bill pays for all new future spending. 
To not have a 21-percent cut, but to 
pay them at a more appropriate rate, this bill is going to cost more money. But, they were told that all the new fu-ture spending would be paid for. 
Second, it said it allows ‘‘Congress to 
go through regular order and legislate thoughtfully.’’ So we were going to pass it at 3:30 in the morning without it having gone through a committee and without having a real, firm, long- term cost estimate from CBO as to what it would actually cost? 
Third, they also said in their talking 
points, ‘‘It offsets all new spending.’’ What that means, to Members of Con-gress, is that it would not add to the debt because somehow the increase in spending would be offset by a reduction in spending somewhere else. 
Fourth, they used the phrase we use 
around here, they claim it ‘‘bends the cost curve,’’ it would bring down costs. But this is not accurate either. 
So here are the problems: This bill is 
not paid for. Our own Congressional Budget Office said it would add $141 bil-lion to the deficit. Over 10 years, you add those up, $141 billion. They said the net increase to the debt would be $174 billion. How does it get to be more than 141? Well, when you spend $141 bil-lion more then you have, you have to borrow the money. When you borrow the money, you pay interest on the money. 
The Congressional Budget Office said 
it would add an additional $33 billion in interest payments just over that 10 years. Many promoting this legislation said: Well, there may be a shortfall in the first 10 years, but over 20 years, the reductions in spending we found some-where are going to bring in enough money to pay for it fully then. 
So what did the Congressional Budg-
et Office say? The Congressional Budg-et Office said this. ‘‘It will increase budget deficits’’ in the ‘‘second dec-ade.’’ So instead of reducing the defi-cits or paying for the cost of this by changes now that benefit us 15, 20 years from now, it adds more. 
The Committee for a Responsible 
Federal Budget—a fine, responsible nonpartisan group headed by Maya MacGuineas—did a study of this. They said over 20 years it would add $500 bil-lion to the deficit. Those numbers, to my knowledge, have not been disputed. I think that is a pretty accurate figure. It is not going to reduce the deficit. In 10 years, it is going to add $174 billion— 
not going to reduce the deficit over 20 years, it is going to add $500 billion. 
So this violates the Budget Control 
Act that we passed in 2011 that is in law today. That is something we should not be doing. We need to adhere to that agreement which the President signed and we in both Houses of Con-gress agreed upon in a bipartisan way to hold spending down. It is not going to balance the budget, the Budget Con-trol Act doesn’t, but it helps a lot. We ought to at least adhere to it. 
So this violates the Budget Control 
Act and is subject to at least eight dif-ferent violations—points of order, we call it, where you can object because it violates the budget. There are at least eight different ways in which this leg-islation violates the Budget Control Act and, of course, it violates the House and Senate budgets that we are just now in the process of adopting. 
The Senate has passed its budget. 
They had a $3 billion surplus in the 10th year. Listen, not paying down any of that debt except that $3 billion in the 10th year—but just not having an-nual deficits—it would take us 10 years to finally balance the budget, which we need to do. Experts have told us we need to do so because we are on an unsustainable financial path. 
So our budgets go further than that. 
The House and the Senate budgets do so. If we pass a bill that adds $174 bil-lion to the deficit, it will be at least $17 billion in the 10th year. So instead of having a $3 billion surplus, we will have at least a $14 billion deficit. And the day we are celebrating the fact that we altered the spending course of our country and produced a balanced budget, that very day we were asked to pass a bill that would wipe out all of that. It is just not responsible, in my view. 
I am just not able to tout the fact 
that we passed a balanced budget. Maybe that is why they would like to pass this bill before the final agree-ment between the House and the Sen-ate occurs in conference and we have a firm budget. We just now have a House budget and a Senate budget. Maybe they wanted to do that so the first thing we do isn’t to bust the budget to which we just agreed. 
I wish I didn’t have to say these 
things. I wish I didn’t have to say this, but the truth is that this is not respon-sible. This is not maintaining faith with the American people who sent us to Congress. 
I think on both sides of the aisle— 
certainly on the Republican side—there were real commitments made to our constituents that if we were in Con-gress, we would do something about these deficits and we were going to bring this government under control and produce a budget—a budget that balances. 
In addition, it is claimed and as-
serted that this legislation represents a permanent fix—that we will not have to continue to come forward each year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.021 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2102 April 13, 2015 
to come up with the funding or some 
legislation to keep the doctors paid at a reasonable rate. But it is not a per-manent fix, either. It is not a perma-nent fix, as has been reported. It is only about 9 years, and there are huge, long-range concerns. 
There is another thing it does, and, 
colleagues, we have to understand this. Being on the Budget Committee, we went through it. It is so important. One of the greatest manipulations and gimmicks we are doing is in the way we are spending the taxpayers’ money, why our deficits are so large and our debt has become $18-plus trillion—on which we paid interest—$220 billion last year, and it will grow every year, according to CBO. 
Why? We double count money. It is 
unbelievable. 
This is what they are going to pro-
pose. They are going to cut Medicare Part A in this legislation. That is the benefit that goes to doctors and hos-pitals. They will cut it about $55 bil-lion—I believe the figure is—and then they will use this $55 billion to pay the physicians under Part B and D of Medi-care—the non-trust fund money. So they are gutting the Medicare trust fund. That money is money that comes off of your paychecks every week and goes to pay for your Medicare when you retire. That money goes into a trust fund. It has trustees. If you cut the cost of doing business for Medicare, the sponsors of the bill say it will ex-tend the life of Medicare 1 year. 
That is probably correct. If you cut 
what you pay to doctors or hospitals or medical devices or drug companies, you reduce what you pay, you could extend the life of Medicare, its financial sol-vency. It is becoming insolvent just as Social Security is becoming insolvent. So we need to do some things to help extend its life so our seniors don’t have to worry about not having health care in the future. 
How is it double counted, J
EFF? 
Well, they are using the money—the 
trustees. It is the trustees of Medi-care’s money that is being saved. 
How did it get outside of the Medi-
care trust fund and get spent for doc-tors in that part of Medicare? How does it get out of there? 
The trustees of Medicare loan the 
money to the U.S. Treasury. Now we have it, colleagues. The money that is used to pay the doctors that comes from Medicare cost reduction is bor-rowed money, just the same as if they had borrowed it from a financier in London or Beijing. Interest is paid to the Medicaid trustees. 
You cannot count the money twice. 
You cannot save the money here and say it improves Medicare—legally it does improve Medicare—but it provides no money to spend on new programs outside of Medicare, and the Congres-sional Budget Office has told us this. Yet they are scoring, I think, $55 bil-lion they claim is going to pay for this new expenditure by double counting the money. ObamaCare did that, I believe—by 
about $500 billion. They cut Medicare expenses and used the money to fund an entirely new program. But the money didn’t go directly to the U.S. Treasury. It went to the trustees of Medicare, who loaned it to the U.S. Treasury and double counted the money. 
If you would like to know why we are 
going broke, this is one of the big rea-sons this country is on a reckless course. Nobody wants to talk about it or confront it, because if you do, it re-duces spending, and people around here like spending too much. 
By the way, I note our hospitals 
would like to see the doctors get paid more and have this problem fixed, but a big chunk of what is claimed of that portion of this new expenditure that is actually paid for appears to be $31 bil-lion in cuts to providers such as hos-pitals. So we are cutting hospitals here to pay doctors, and our hospitals are struggling too. 
To conclude, this is why the Amer-
ican people don’t trust Congress. Some of our Members get their feelings hurt when they go home and some tea party person or somebody else accuses them of wasting money, not managing well, and they are offended by it. 
I have to say the tea party got more 
right than wrong. This is another ex-ample of reckless, irresponsible spend-ing. 
Before adjourning for our recess 2 
weeks ago, in the middle of the night, at 3 a.m., we passed a balanced budget plan, and we were proud of it. We went home the last 2 weeks and told our con-stituents we were going to work to ac-complish that balanced budget goal and try to make sure it becomes a re-ality. 
But what is the first bill we consider 
since adopting the balanced budget goal? What is the first bill? We are tak-ing up a bill to dig us $174 billion deep-er in debt in the first 10 years. The first major legislative accomplishment of our new Congress is going to be adding almost $200 billion to the debt over 10 years and then perhaps $500 billion or half a trillion over 20 years. 
It is not necessary. I don’t see how 
we can look our constituents in the eye and say we are producing a balanced budget, when, if this bill passes, we don’t have a balanced budget. 
Well, was the plan really to balance 
the budget, people might ask, or just to use as talking points, just a fun cam-paign claiming we have a balance? Our new Congress was sworn in only 3 months ago, and we are already shat-tering our promises to our constitu-ents. 
I think it is fair to say we are acting 
irresponsibly. Not only are we con-tinuing to allow the debt to explode, but we aren’t really being honest with our constituents about it. 
Before they cast their votes, House 
Members were told this bill ‘‘pays for all new future spending’’ and that it ‘‘offsets all new spending.’’ But this is not accurate. It is not true. It adds to 
the deficit every single year. 
We are going to offer an amendment 
so that this bill lives up to the prom-ises of the sponsors. A good amend-ment, a PayGo amendment that I think Senator L
EEwill probably offer 
which will put us on a path to ensure that this new expenditure is paid for. 
I think we need to have that vote, 
and I think it needs to pass. That would be responsible. Then we could honestly say we made choices. That is what you should do in this body. There is a limited amount of money and a virtually unlimited number of requests for good projects that we should spend money on. 
We are sent to the Senate to make 
choices, set priorities, do the right thing, and manage money carefully— that is why our constituents from all over the country sent us here, and they had their tax money extracted from them and sent to Washington—to be spent wisely and honestly, I suggest. 
One of the most amazing things is 
that we spend $3,800 billion a year now. We can’t find $15 billion a year to fix the doctor payments? We can’t find $15 billion in this whole $3,800 billion a year that we spend that will actually be able to fund the doctors in the way that we should fund them without add-ing to the debt? 
You bet we can. I have a list of them. 
Others have a list of them. There will be some suggestions as to how this could be done. 
We don’t need to gimmick up this 
legislation, but it is legislation that undermines the promises we made that we are going to be fiscally responsible. 
We don’t vote on talking points. We 
vote on legislation. Legislation can be studied, and it becomes law. Our Con-gressional Budget Office, and the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices, and Maya MacGuineas and the Center for a Responsible Federal Budg-et can read and add the numbers. They have read them, added them, and they don’t add up. 
This is legislation. We are not voting 
on talking points. 
Without change, it is a massive debt 
increase that puts a balanced budget even further out of reach. 
It means a lot to me that we, as a 
Congress, establish credibility with those whom we serve. One of the parts of doing that is to be honest and to say we do have a tight situation here. We are going to have to make some choices—but not brutal choices. 
We can find the money we need with-
out doing anything but eliminating fraud, waste, abuse, duplication, and unwise spending. We don’t have to sav-age children or the military to do so, but it is hard work. Every time you talk about reducing this program or that program, a group shows up and pushes back, but that is why we are here. 
As my wife says to me when I com-
plain: Don’t blame me; you asked for the job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.022 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2103 April 13, 2015 
That is what we asked for—to be in 
the Senate and make these tough choices. 
I hope, in the hours that are ahead, 
we will be able to have some amend-ments—and there are several that would fix this and would allow the doc-tors to receive the pay they are enti-tled to—and they are entitled to it— but at the same time would not add to the debt. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
would just add that this isn’t just my opinion about these cost overruns in the legislation. Here is a Wall Street Journal article from a few days ago: ‘‘Two-thirds of $214 billion cost would be financed through higher deficits. . . . ’’ That is the subheadline on that. The headline is: ‘‘Senate Wrangles Over Medicare-Payments Fix.’’ 
So I don’t think there is any real 
doubt about that. The article goes on to say: 
The deal reached by House leaders would 
shift some of those costs onto Medicare bene-ficiaries— 
So some of the Medicare benefits, 
such as Part C, are not part of trust fund money. It is not paid for when you have that withholding from your pay-check, and people with higher incomes probably ought to pay a higher per-centage of the cost that they can rea-sonably afford, if they have a higher in-come, when they go see a doctor. I think we could use that. But at any rate, this bill would shift some costs to Medicare beneficiaries. The article con-tinues— 
while providers such as hospitals also would 
shoulder some costs. 
So they are paying for some of these 
costs by having reduction in payments to hospitals that are hurting this year. And the article states: 
The rest would be financed through higher 
deficits. 
No doubt about it. 
Forbes magazine comments here in 
an article by Stan Collender, saying that ‘‘the procedural choices Congress is making all favor increasing the def-icit rather than at least requiring it not get any worse.’’ 
This is what the article says about 
the SGR—the physician’s payment: ‘‘The SGR change without a full offset is projected to add an average of around $14 billion a year to the def-icit.’’ 
Here is a headline from The Fiscal 
Times: ‘‘Medicare ‘Doc Fix’ May Be No Fix at All.’’ 
Paul Winfree, an economic policy ex-
pert with the Heritage Foundation, said this: Rather than a permanent replacement to 
the Sustainable Growth Rate— 
Remember, we have been promised 
this would be a permanent replace-ment— 
it is much more likely that the House doc fix 
will be a shorter-term patch requiring an-other series of patchwork legislation just nine years from now. 
They also conclude in this article 
that the permanent fix would ‘‘add $141 billion to the deficit over the first 10 years and could go as high as $500 bil-lion over two decades, as previously re-ported here.’’ 
I did want to emphasize it is really 
not $141 over 10 years, it is $174, be-cause when you add up $141 billion in additional debt over 10 years, you pay interest on that. You borrow that money and pay interest, and when you calculate the interest that is paid, the increased interest is $174 billion added to the total deficit of America. 
Colleagues, our interest payment on 
our debt is staggering. The highway bill is about $40 billion to $50 billion a year. Aid to education is nearly $100 billion a year, for example. The inter-est we pay annually on the current $18 trillion debt, in spite of the fact we have some of the lowest interest rates we have ever had, was more than $220 billion-plus last year. 
The Congressional Budget Office, 
however, says that 10 years from now, with interest rates projected to return to the mean and with the deficit every year out for 10 years, we will be over $900 billion in interest in the 10th year. That is just in 10 years. We go from 
$200 billion to $900-plus billion. 
This is why the Congressional Budget 
Office Director, chosen by our Demo-cratic colleagues, Dr. Elmendorf, a very capable, wise man, has said we are on an unsustainable path. This is a path of fiscal destruction. It is not re-sponsible. 
So day after day, week after week, 
we in Congress are going to have to start saying, no, we don’t have the money. Do you not understand? We can’t keep digging the hole deeper. We are supposed to be trying to figure out a way to reduce deficits and balance the budget, not to pass more legisla-tion that is going to cost more money than we have to spend on these things. The only way we will be able to honor that legislation is to borrow more. That is what we are doing. 
So I don’t think there is any doubt 
about what I have said. If somebody can come down and prove this bill is paid for I will shake their hand and I will be happy because I want to do the doctors fix, and I want to be sure we do it in a responsible financial way. If not, we will have legislation, amendments will be offered that I think can fix it and that will require Congress to come up with the money in a proper way, do the assistance we need to provide to our doctors and not add to the debt. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is now closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF ALFRED H. BEN-
NETT TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Alfred H. Bennett, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we yield 
back all remaining time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
All time is yielded back. Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Alfred H. Bennett, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas? 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
RUBIO), and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. T OOMEY ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 95, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 136 Ex.] 
YEAS—95 
Alexander 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy 
Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.023 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2104 April 13, 2015 
Kirk 
Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions 
Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Ayotte 
Cruz Graham 
Rubio Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will resume legislative session. 
The majority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ETHELENE 
THOMPSON 
Mr. REID. Mr. President. I rise today 
to recognize Mrs. Ethelene Thompson. 
She was born on June 6, 1925, in 
Water Valley, MS, as the third child of Minnie and Solomon Morgan. Today, Ethelene is a caregiver known to many in her community for her willingness to provide free childcare and transpor-tation to those in need. She lived through the Great Depression, World War II, the civil rights movement, and the election and tenure of the first Af-rican-American President. In 1946, she married Willie Thompson, and they raised six beautiful daughters, until his passing in 2000. 
Mrs. Thompson has been instru-
mental in helping raise her 14 grand-children, 13 great-grandchildren, and 4 great-great-grandchildren. She is known to give selflessly of her time and wisdom and to countless folks in her neighborhood and at her church. 
She helped lead the Girl Scout troops 
for her daughters and granddaughters, ensured that her grandson and his friends made it to every sports practice and game, and has served faithfully as a member of the Bloomfield Full Gos-pel Baptist Church for more than 50 years, where she has been a member of the choir, Sunday school, and kitchen ministry. 
I take this opportunity to celebrate 
Mrs. Ethelene Thompson’s life and leg-acy. May she continue to grow in her 
steadfast faith and love for her family. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, while the 
Senate was in recess, Loretta Lynch, the nominee to be our next Attorney General, announced that her office brought charges against two residents of Queens, NY, for conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction and plot-ting a terrorist attack on American soil. U.S. Attorney Lynch continues to work tirelessly to protect our Nation, but the Senate Republican leadership continues to play politics with our law enforcement and has prevented the Senate from fulfilling one of our most essential constitutional duties—the duty to provide advice and consent on Presidential nominations. The same baseless political obstructionism that has stalled Ms. Lynch’s nomination has also led to the Senate’s failure to con-firm a single Federal judge so far this year. 
As one of the country’s top Federal 
prosecutors, Loretta Lynch has an un-paralleled record of keeping Americans safe from dangerous criminals and ter-rorists. This includes the successful prosecution of six individuals for their roles in a 2009 Al Qaeda plot to attack the New York subway system, the con-victions of four terrorists who plotted an attack on John F. Kennedy Airport, and the conviction of a terrorist who sought to detonate an explosive device at the New York Federal Reserve. De-spite her distinguished record of serv-ice, the Republican leadership is trying to use Ms. Lynch’s nomination for po-litical gain. This is not how the Senate should be treating a nomination of such importance to law enforcement and our national security. 
It has now been more than 5 months 
since President Obama announced the nomination of Ms. Lynch to be Attor-ney General. Her nomination was re-ported out of the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support in February, yet it has been pending before the full Senate for 46 days. That is nearly twice as long as all of the past seven Attor-neys General combined: Richard Thornburgh, 1 day; William Barr, 5 days; Janet Reno, 1 day; John Ashcroft, 2 days, Alberto Gonzales, 8 days; Mi-chael Mukasey, 2 days; and Eric Hold-er, 5 days. This historic delay is an em-barrassment for the Senate. 
In January, Ms. Lynch testified be-
fore the Senate Judiciary Committee for nearly 8 hours and she responded to nearly 900 written questions. Not a sin-gle witness invited by Republicans op-posed her nomination. When Repub-licans stalled consideration of Ms. Lynch’s nomination in committee, Democrats noted the unnecessary delay and raised concerns about filling this vital position. The assistant Re-publican leader dismissed this as ‘‘faux outrage.’’ But in November 2007, that same Senator complained that a 7- week process on the Mukasey nomina-tion threatened our national security. 
He issued a press release stating: 
It is imperative that the president has his 
national security team at full strength and the unnecessary delay of Judge Mukasey’s nomination has prevented that. He deserves an immediate up-or-down vote by the full Senate. 
Similarly, in early October 2007—just 
3 weeks after Mr. Mukasey’s nomina-tion was announced, the Republican leader criticized me for not yet having set a hearing date, saying that Demo-crats should ‘‘not hold Judge Mukasey hostage while they play partisan games.’’ This is the same Republican leader who is now holding Ms. Lynch’s nomination hostage and who has kept her nomination languishing on the floor for nearly twice as long as the past seven Attorneys General com-bined. 
No one can deny that Ms. Lynch is 
eminently qualified for the job. The Republican leader should schedule a vote on Ms. Lynch’s nomination today. She has the votes to be confirmed, and a vote on this highly qualified nominee is long overdue. The Majority must stop playing political games with our law enforcement. 
We should also be voting on all 10 ju-
dicial nominees who have been pending in the Senate since last year, two of whom just passed the 1-year mark since they were first nominated. To-night, we will consider just one of those nominees. Once confirmed, Al-fred Bennett will fill a ‘‘judicial emer-gency’’ vacancy in the Southern Dis-trict of Texas that has been empty for more than 2 years. There is no good ex-planation why it has taken us nearly 7 months to vote on his nomination, nor is there a good reason for why we are not voting on the other two pending nominees to district court vacancies in Texas. There are still two Fifth Circuit vacancies and seven other Federal dis-trict court vacancies in Texas for which there are no nominees. Texas has two times the number of Federal court vacancies of any other State, and these vacancies account for one-third of the judicial emergency vacancies on our Nation’s courts. I urge the Texas Senators to work with the President so that we can receive nominees for those vacancies as soon as possible. 
Despite promises to govern respon-
sibly, the Republican majority has con-tinued to obstruct when it comes to ju-dicial vacancies. When Senate Demo-crats were in the majority, we con-firmed 15 of President Bush’s district and circuit court nominees by April 2007. We confirmed 68 judges during the last 2 years of the Bush administra-tion, building on a record I established at the very beginning of the Bush Pres-idency when 100 judges were confirmed in the 17 months that I served as chair-man of the Judiciary Committee. The fact that it has taken more than 3 months into the 114th Congress for the Republican majority to schedule a vote on a single judicial nominee is dis-concerting, especially because all four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.022 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2105 April 13, 2015 
of the district court nominees who 
have been languishing on the Senate floor were recommended to President Obama by their two Republican home State Senators. 
Judge Alfred Bennett, whom we are 
voting to confirm today, is currently the presiding judge on the 61st Civil District Court in Houston, TX. From 2010 to 2011, he served as the adminis-trative judge of the Harris County Civil District Courts. Judge Bennett has pre-sided over 8,400 cases, 640 jury trials, and 550 bench trials. Prior to becoming a judge, he was in private practice for a decade and litigated a range of civil matters. Judge Bennett has the sup-port of both his Republican home State senators, Senator C
ORNYN and Senator 
CRUZ. He was voted out of the Judici-
ary Committee unanimously by voice vote on February 26. He has strong qualifications and should be confirmed. 
I urge the Republican majority to 
schedule votes to confirm the remain-ing judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar. None of the nomi-nees are controversial. We should do our jobs and vote on their nominations so that they can start doing their jobs working for the American people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KIM KRUEGER 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Kim Short Krueger, a dedi-cated public servant for the U.S. Con-gress and the people of the State of Montana for over 39 years. 
On behalf of all Montanans and all 
Americans, I stand to say ‘‘thank you’’ to Kim for her service to our State and Nation. 
It is my honor to share the story of 
Kim’s public service and commitment to her country. 
Kim grew up in the small railroad 
town of Three Forks, MT. Kim was only 21 when she packed her bags and moved to Washington, DC. She began her congressional career as a recep-tionist for Montana Congressman Dick Shoup, back when Montana still had two congressional districts. 
Always proud of her small town 
roots, Kim went to work for Nevada’s only Congressman, Jim Santini, in the mid 1970s. Kim wore many hats, serv-ing as both the personal secretary and the scheduler, and eventually became office manager. 
Ever dedicated to putting Montana 
constituents first, Kim once gave a young Montana law student her per-sonal ticket for Nelson Rockefeller’s swearing-in as Vice-President of the United States. As fate would have it, Kim later married this same young law student and he became a district court judge in Butte, MT. 
In 1983 it was time for Kim to head 
home to Montana. Kim went to work for Senator Max Baucus as field direc-tor of the Butte District office for southwestern Montana. 
Along the way, Kim built up an im-
pressive record of accomplishments while always meeting the day-to-day demands of serving constituents. Kim 
consistently demonstrated her skill and grace in handling the needs of Butte and southwest Montana’s con-stituents. She worked on all sorts of issues—from the Butte superfund, housing, banking, taxation, natural re-sources, immigration and military academy appointments. 
In 2010, Kim was appointed State 
casework director. 
Kim had a strong hand in boosting 
Montana’s economic ties. Kim ran three Montana economic development summits hosted by Senator Baucus in Butte. The summits brought in folks from all around the world, like inves-tors, ambassadors, and top business leaders. Almost 3,400 folks attended the final summit in 2013. Thanks to Kim’s tireless work on the summits, new businesses have moved to Montana. 
Kim also worked on superfund issues, 
the Beaver Dam Park, the Old Work Golf Course, and the Maiden Rock Bridge on the Big Hole River. 
Senator Baucus depended on Kim to 
run his Butte office smoothly and to represent him at local events. She often worked nights and weekends, going above and beyond her duties to meet the needs of the people of south-west Montana. 
In February 2014, Senator Baucus was 
confirmed as the U.S. Ambassador to China and Governor Steve Bullock ap-pointed John Walsh to serve out the rest of his Senate term. Senator John Walsh asked Kim to continue as field director of his Butte office and as the State casework director. 
While I could go on and on about 
Kim’s incredible congressional achieve-ments, I know she is most proud of her amazing family. Kim and her husband Kurt have two terrific children, Krista and Derrick. A true Montana native, she is very proud that her children were born and raised in the historic city of Butte, MT. 
Kim recently retired from my Butte 
District field office where she was working on special projects. 
During her years of service, Kim al-
ways went beyond the call of duty to ensure the Montana congressional of-fices met the needs and requests of the constituents of our fine State. Her pro-fessionalism and dedication to her jobs and Montana constituents are out-standing examples of how government should work. Kim’s positive attitude, indispensable knowledge and talent for serving constituents were invaluable to the citizens of southwest Montana. 
Everyone who knows Kim is touched 
by her energy, kindness, dedication and positive attitude. 
I am honored to know Kim and grate-
ful that she was able to serve on my Senate staff. I know her family and friends join me in thanking her for her commitment to others. I wish her best of luck in all of her endeavors and many years of success to come. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING CANTOR IVAN E. 
PERLMAN 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a few moments to remem-ber and honor the late Ivan E. Perl-man, who served as the president of the Cantors Assembly of America from 1983 to 1985. Cantor Perlman was devoted to his faith, his family, his community, and his country. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps during World War II and received the Bronze Star for his her-oism at Iwo Jima. He stood next to Lt. Roland B. Gittelsohn, the Marine Corps’ first Jewish chaplain, at the dedication of the 5th Marine Division Cemetery on Iwo Jima in March 1945. He chanted a version of ‘‘El Malei Rachamim,’’ which is only sung for fallen U.S. soldiers. The division chap-lain had asked Chaplain Gittelsohn to deliver the sermon at a joint service for all those who were killed in the epic battle, but some Catholic and Protes-tant chaplains objected, so three sepa-rate services were held. But three of the Protestant chaplains boycotted their own service to join Chaplain Gittelsohn. They sent copies of his ser-mon, ‘‘The Purest Democracy’’, extol-ling the cause of democracy and free-
dom and equality to the entire regi-ment. It was widely circulated, appear-ing in newspapers and magazines na-tionwide, and was read on the radio and into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
After the war ended, Cantor Perlman, 
who was born in Flushing, NY, married Muriel Herman in 1947 and completed his cantorial studies at the Jewish Theological Seminary in 1950. Cantor Perlman served congregations in Lyndhurst and Fairlawn, NJ; Tulsa, OK; Des Moines, IA; Providence, RI; Stockholm, Sweden; and Sarasota, Boca Raton, and Tamarac, FL. Along the way, he and his wife had four sons: Eli, Emanuel ‘‘Manny’’, Richard ‘‘Rick’’, and Josh. He trained all four of his sons in the cantorial arts, and they have carried on the family tradi-tion is an exemplary way. 
Cantor Perlman was cantor emeritus 
at Temple Emanu-El in Providence, RI, where he served for 23 years. After he retired from Temple Emanu-El, at the age of 76, Cantor Perlman became the cantor at Temple Beth Kodesh in Boyn-ton Beach, FL. Two years later, he was elected the congregation’s Ritual Lead-er. Cantor Perlman conducted his last service there in 2005 and then he and his wife returned to Rhode Island, where he was a founder of the Friends of the Rhode Island School for the Deaf. Cantor Perlman was a life mem-ber of the Marine Corps League, the Jewish War Veterans, JWV, and the Knights of Pythias. He served as the JWV post commander in New York City, and the department chaplain in Iowa, Nebraska, Rhode Island, and Florida. He was the JWV’s first na-tional cantor. 
I mentioned that all four of Ivan 
Perlman’s sons also became cantors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.005 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2106 April 13, 2015 
Manny Perlman is the cantor at 
Chizuk Amuno in Baltimore. He and his brother Eli—the religious leader of Congregation Beit Shalom in Monroe, NJ—participated in the October 24, 2011 dedication of the memorial at Arling-ton National Cemetery to the 14 Jewish military chaplains killed in action in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. The memorial stands near separate monuments honoring fallen Protestant and Catholic chap-lains that have been on Chaplains Hill since 1981 and 1989, respectively. Manny and Eli, like their father before them at Iwo Jima 66 years earlier, sang the ‘‘El Malei Rachamim’’ memorial pray-
er. Cantor Eli Perlman rose to the rank of captain in the Army’s Special Forces during the Vietnam War era. He served in 1967 with CPT Morton Harold Sing-er, who was killed in a plane crash in 1968 on his way to lead Hanukkah fes-tivities for American servicemen and women. Captain Singer’s name is one of the 14 listed on the memorial. 
I would ask my Senate colleagues to 
join me in commemorating the wonder-ful life and legacy of Cantor Ivan Perl-man and expressing our deepest condo-lences to his beloved wife Muriel; his son Rabbi Eli Perlman and his wife Lynne of East Brunswick, NJ; his son Cantor Emanuel Perlman and his wife Janice of Baltimore, MD; his son Rabbi Richard Perlman and his wife Kit of Coventry, RI; his son Cantor Josh Perl-man and his wife Sherri of German-town, MD; his sister Annette Ziegelstein of Baltimore, MD; his 13 grandchildren, 7 great-grandchildren; and all the other family and friends of this extraordinary man. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RABBI SCOTT E. 
COLBERT 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an 
honor for me to pay tribute to Rabbi Scott E. Colbert today. 
Rabbi Colbert will be celebrating his 
29th year with Temple Emanu-El of Greater Atlanta soon, and his con-gregation is honoring him with a spe-cial celebration. While I am unable to attend the event, I have known Rabbi Scott for some time, and I have had the good fortune of speaking alongside him at the annual Martin Luther King, Jr., celebration at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta in the past. 
Rabbi Colbert has served Temple 
Emanu-El in many capacities since 1987. He holds degrees from the Univer-sity of California, Los Angeles, as well as New York University, Hebrew Union College—Jewish Institute of Religion, and the Rabbinical Academy of Amer-ica. In 1992, he was awarded the pres-tigious title of Reform Jewish Educa-tor by the Reform Movement. In 2001, he graduated again from the Hebrew Union College—Jewish Institute of Re-ligion earning a doctor of ministry de-gree in pastoral counseling. Earlier that year, the college institute honored him with an honorary doctorate for his outstanding service to the Jewish peo-ple. In addition to serving as senior rabbi 
at Temple Emanu-El, Rabbi Colbert is adjunct professor of Jewish religious thought at the McAfee School of The-ology at Mercer University. He is a published author and writes for various professional journals. 
I applaud Rabbi Scott and congratu-
late Temple Emanu-El on their good fortune in having had him as one of their spiritual leaders for 29 wonderful years. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND HENRY 
HOLLEY 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor a great Christian crusader, a great Georgian, a great American and a great friend, the Reverend Henry Holley, upon his retirement. 
Reverend Holley spent 45 years with 
the Billy Graham Evangelical Associa-tion, spreading the Gospel across the world, including in China, Japan, Brazil, and even North Korea, as inter-national crusade director. 
For many years, Reverend Holley 
traveled an average of 150,000 miles and 200 days overseas each year. At 87 years of age, he has logged 13 million air miles in his travel over his career with the Billy Graham Evangelical Associa-tion as a result of working in Korea more than 275 times and China more than 100 times. 
Henry Holley’s career on behalf of 
the Lord has more than a few ‘‘high-lights.’’ Reverend Holley organized the historic 1973 crusade in Seoul, Korea, where never before had so many come to one place to hear a preacher pro-claim the Gospel. On the final day, there were 1.1 million people in attend-ance. During the 5-day Seoul Crusade more than 3.2 million people came to hear Dr. Billy Graham face-to-face. 
In 1974, Holley was crusade director 
for another precedent shattering cru-sade: the Greater Rio de Janeiro Billy Graham Crusade in Brazil held at the world famous Maracana ˜Stadium. More 
people attended this meeting than any other crusade ever held in North or South America, with 250,000 attending on closing day. 
In 1992, Holley was responsible for 
the diplomatic and administrative preparation work for a historic visit by Dr. Billy Graham to North Korea. Rev-erend Holley directed the small team that accompanied Dr. Graham to the capital city of Pyongyang. The signifi-cant mission to Pyongyang was high-lighted by Dr. Graham preaching the Gospel in the two churches in North Korea. In addition, he lectured at Kim Il-Sung University—the first American to do so. Dr. Graham and Reverend Holley also had a personal meeting with President Kim Il-Sung where he brought private messages from Presi-dent George Bush and Pope John Paul II. 
Organization and administration 
were drilled into Holley during his first career lasting 30 years in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps, including 23 years Active Duty and 7 years Reserve Duty. Rev-
erend Holley has served our Nation and our Lord in extraordinary ways throughout his entire life. 
He has recently retired from Billy 
Graham Evangelical Association, though he continues to remain active in a consulting capacity and has worked with Franklin Graham for many years. And Reverend Holley promises not to really stop working ‘‘until he’s old.’’ 
For nearly 45 years, Henry Holley 
and his wife of more than 65 years, Bettie, have made their home right near mine in Marietta, GA. Bettie has stood by his side through his career and shared in his successes and joys, including their three grown children, four grandchildren and two great- grandchildren. 
I try to talk to, and visit with Henry 
Holley, as often as I can. I know that God put him in my life for a reason and I am honored to call Reverend Holley my friend. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHARLESTON JOB 
CORPS 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today 
I honor the Charleston Job Corps Cen-ter and the 50th national anniversary of this outstanding program. 
Since June of 1965, the Charleston 
Job Corps Center has been a leader in advancing vocational education and providing training that our State’s youth can utilize for the rest of their lives. A successful young workforce means great things for the future of our State’s economy and for strength-ening our local communities. What began as an all-female center at the old Kanawha Hotel on Summers Street grew to become a coeducational facil-ity in 1976 as interest in the program increased. 
Administered by the U.S. Depart-
ment of Labor, Job Corps is a no-cost education and career technical train-ing program that helps youth ages 16 to 24 enhance the skills they need to be independent and successful individuals. The Charleston center is overseen by the Philadelphia Regional Office of the Job Corps and is operated by Horizons Youth Services. 
In addition to a strong emphasis on 
academics, the Charleston Job Corps Center also provides impressive rec-reational programs. These programs are critical to encouraging our youth to be creative and work as part of a team—both of which are prized assets to any employer seeking to hire hard-working, talented, resourceful employ-ees. 
I cannot adequately express how val-
uable Job Corps is not only in West Virginia, but across our entire Nation. It is often underestimated how much of an impact an educator can have on a student—not only in the classroom or in a training session, but years down the road. Countless lives have been positively affected thanks to the edu-cators, administrators, and supporters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.014 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2107 April 13, 2015 
of Job Corps, and I sincerely hope this 
program continues to flourish for gen-erations to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COMMANDER ERIC 
BADER 
∑Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, the 
Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee will soon bid farewell to 
our congressional fellow, Coast Guard CDR Eric Bader, who has served the Committee on Appropriations for the past 2 years. Commander Bader will be returning to Massachusetts where he will be the executive officer of Coast Guard Air Station Cape Cod. While I know Commander Bader is looking for-ward to running the day-to-day oper-ations of the air station and flying hel-icopters again, his departure is a great loss for the Committee on Appropria-tions as he is an invaluable asset to our team. 
Commander Bader has been detailed 
to the committee from the Coast Guard since June 2013 and is a key member of our professional staff. Mr. President, Commander Bader performed admi-rably in his role on the Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Subcommittee. He did everything we asked of him, with pinpoint accuracy, and always beat the deadlines given to him. I would also add that he served the com-mittee during interesting times, per-haps more interesting than he imag-ined when he accepted the job. He was here during sequestration, for the Fed-eral Government shutdown in the fall of 2013, the dramatic increase of unac-companied children crossing our south-ern border, our response to the Ebola crisis, numerous Presidentially de-clared disasters, and fence-jumping and drone incidents at the White House. Eric also helped the subcommittee manage the arrival of the fiscal year 2016 budget request for the Department of Homeland Security at the same time Congress was considering, and ulti-mately enacting, the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security that had been delayed. 
The Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Subcommittee has greatly bene-fited from the experience Commander Bader gained as a Coast Guard officer, in particular his insights into the oper-ations of a complex military organiza-tion that is combined with a large do-mestic agency. He has superb analyt-ical skills that have been critical in our review of a $39 billion budget re-quest and in developing complex spreadsheets that synthesize funding issues into easily understood docu-ments we have used in hearings, closed briefings, in full committee, and on the floor. On the subcommittee, he handled the portfolios for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center and the Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office, as well as assisted with the Customs and Border Protection and Secret Service portfolios. In this oversight role, Com-mander Bader was able to obtain time-ly information when undocumented 
families who had recently crossed the border during last summer’s surge were temporarily provided shelter at the training facility in Artesia, NM. He also helped track the daily influx of undocumented children and families to assist the subcommittee in making the most up-to-date funding recommenda-tions to address this unforeseen surge. While arguably not a traditional appro-priations area, he also put together a subcommittee hearing on trade en-forcement issues that showed how lax trade enforcement and current duty collection policies were unfairly hurt-ing some American industries. The hearing highlighted the harm to do-mestic steel, crawfish, seafood, and honey producers of these illegally dumped goods and commodities on American jobs and the economy at large. Commander Bader made critical recommendations that were adopted to improve key components within the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding the funding of nuclear detec-tion equipment designed to keep our ports safe. 
Commander Bader is also an excep-
tional writer. We relied on his editorial skills to put the appropriate touches into opening statements, press re-leases, and analytical documents shared with all the subcommittee members. His ability to take dry sta-tistics and create informational, easily understandable graphics and charts will be greatly missed. His unqualified professionalism, perception, superb analytic focus, and technical skills, combined with a keen sense of humor, a cool head, and a modesty rarely seen on Capitol Hill, have played an integral part in moving the homeland security appropriations process forward. His high standards of professionalism and thoroughness are beyond reproach and his contributions are highly valued. 
Through all of this, Eric maintained 
the decorum and professionalism that we have all come to expect from our military officer corps, and he has rep-resented the Coast Guard with the highest integrity and competence. Commander Bader has served me, this subcommittee, and the Senate well. We are sorry to see him leave and will miss him as our colleague but are glad to count him as a friend. Each of us on the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee wish Eric all the best as he moves forward in the next phase of his career, where he will be running the day-to-day operations of the Coast Guard Air Station in Cape Cod. We look forward to seeing him back in uni-form because we anticipate great things from him in the coming years. 
I am grateful for his contributions. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a treaty which were referred to the 
appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S.J. 
RES. 8, PROVIDING FOR CON-GRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE NA-TIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD RELATING TO REPRESEN-TATION CASE PROCEDURES, RE-CEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON MARCH 31, 2015—PM 12 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the 
Journal, and held at the desk: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL 
S.J. Res. 8 would overturn the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board’s re-cently issued ‘‘representation case pro-cedures’’ rule and block modest but overdue reforms to simplify and streamline private sector union elec-tions. Accordingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). 
Workers need a strong voice in the 
workplace and the economy to protect and grow our Nation’s middle class. Unions have played a vital role in giv-ing workers that voice, allowing work-ers to organize together for higher wages, better working conditions, and the benefits and protections that most workers take for granted today. Work-ers deserve a level playing field that lets them freely choose to make their voices heard, and this requires fair and streamlined procedures for deter-mining whether to have unions as their bargaining representative. Because this resolution seeks to undermine a streamlined democratic process that allows American workers to freely choose to make their voices heard, I cannot support it. 
To leave no doubt that the resolution 
is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 8 to the Secretary of the Sen-ate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 31, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION  
SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate on January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on April 1, 2015, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.023 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2108 April 13, 2015 
during the adjournment of the Senate, 
received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bills and joint resolution: 
H.R. 1092. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Ave-nue in Miramar, Florida, as the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry. L. Dove Federal Building. 
H.R. 1527. An act to accelerate the income 
tax benefits for charitable cash contribu-tions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other pur-poses. 
H.J. Res. 10. Joint resolution providing for 
the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate on January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills and joint resolution were signed on April 1, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
OTTON ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 27. Concurrent resolution es-
tablishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following concurrent resolution 
was read, and placed on the calendar: 
H. Con. Res. 27. Concurrent resolution es-
tablishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION 
PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on March 27, 2015, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled joint res-olution: 
S.J. Res. 8. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1017. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the De-partment of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2015, and requirements for a ‘‘Within-Session Sequestration Report to the 
President and Congress’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Serv-ices; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce , Science, and Trans-portation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Com-mittee on Ethics; Finance; Foreign Rela-tions; Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Ad-ministration; Small Business and Entrepre-neurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1018. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rule for Pen-tane, 1,1,1,2,3,3-hexafluoro-4-(1,1,2,3,3,3- hexafluoropropoxy)’’ (FRL No. 9922–30) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1019. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the De-partment of Agriculture, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1020. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rural Business Development Grant Program’’ (RIN0570–AA92) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1021. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Use of Military Con-struction Funds’’ ((RIN0750–AI52) (DFARS Case 2015–D006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1022. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Deletion of Text Imple-menting 10 U.S.C. 2323’’ ((RIN0750–AH45) (DFARS Case 2011–D038)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–1023. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Policy), Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the training of the U.S. Spe-cial Operations Forces with friendly foreign forces during fiscal year 2014; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–1024. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense (Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Guard and Reserve Equip-ment Report (NGRER) for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1025. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–1026. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 
2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1027. A communication from the Chair-
man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare Payment Policy’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1028. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–141); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1029. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–110); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1030. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Excepted Bene-fits’’ ((RIN0938–AS52) (CMS–9946-F2)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1031. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fiduciary Requirements for Disclo-sure in Participant-Directed Individual Ac-count Plans—Timing of Annual Disclosure’’ (RIN1210–AB68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1032. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing Operations; Bottlenose Dolphin Take Reduction Plan; Sea Turtle Conservation; Modification to Fishing Ac-tivities’’ (RIN0648–BB37) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1033. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Longline Compo-nent’’ (RIN0648–XD735) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1034. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD778) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1035. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit Increase’’ (RIN0648–XD790) received in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.008 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2109 April 13, 2015 
President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1036. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Aleutian Is-lands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XD803) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1037. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Big Skate in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XD761) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1038. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and At-lantic Region; Amendment 20B; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BD86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1039. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration (NOAA) Chesapeake Bay Office Biennial Report to Congress; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1040. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Gulf In-tracoastal Waterway, St. Petersburg Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–0436)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1041. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; ARCTIC CHALLENGER, Port of Bellingham; Bellingham, WA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0158)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1042. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pittsburgh, PA; Ice Accumula-tions; Allegheny River Mile 1.0–72.0’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0126)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1043. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tuscaloosa Regional Air Show; Black Warrior River; Tuscaloosa, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0076)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1044. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; St. Patrick’s Day Fireworks, Manitowoc River, Manitowoc, Wisconsin’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0130)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1045. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; State Route 520 Bridge Con-struction, Lake Washington; Seattle, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0098)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1046. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone for Ice Conditions; Chesapeake and Delaware Canal, Upper Chesapeake Bay, and Tributaries; MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0292)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1047. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Moon Island - Long Island Bridge Demolition; Boston Inner Harbor, Quincy Bay; Quincy, MA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1059)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1048. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety and Security Zones, Jacksonville Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00 and RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No . USCG–2014– 0152)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1049. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cooper River Bridge Run, Coo-per River, and Town Creek Reaches, Charles-ton, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0040)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1050. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Chevron Oil Company Canal, Fourchon, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1039)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1051. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Great Lakes Pilotage Rates—2015 Annual Review and Adjustment’’ ((RIN1625–AC22) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0481)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1052. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Passaic River, Rutherford, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1070)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1053. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River Be-tween Mile 38.0 and 46.0, Thebes, IL; and Be-tween Mile 78.0 and 81.0, Grand Tower, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2013– 0907)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1054. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Annual Events Requiring Safety Zones in the Captain of the Port Lake Michigan Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1055. A communication from the Vice 
President of Government Affairs and Cor-porate Communications, National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Amtrak’s Executive Level 1 salary for 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1056. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Mississippi Aban-doned Mine Land Plan’’ ((SATS No. MS–024– FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2014–0005)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1057. A communication from the Coun-
sel to the Inspector General, Office of Inspec-tor General, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of In-spector General, General Services Adminis-tration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 19, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1058. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Performance Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1059. A joint communication from the 
Chairman and the General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Board’s Buy American Act Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1060. A communication from the Board 
Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Board’s compliance with the Government in the Sunshine Act during cal-endar year 2014; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1061. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the re-port on activities of the National Guard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.013 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2110 April 13, 2015 
Counterdrug Schools; to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
EC–1062. A communication from the Co- 
Chief Privacy Officers, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Privacy Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–1063. A communication from the Chief 
of the Regulation Policy, Tracking, and Con-trol Office of the General Counsel, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule for Rating Disabilities—Mental Disorders and Definition of Psychosis for Certain VA Pur-poses’’ (RIN2900–AO96) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1064. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advisory Committee; Antiviral Drugs Advisory Committee; Termi-nation’’ (Docket No. FDA–2012–N–0218) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING 
ADJOURNMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of March 27, 2015, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on March 31, 2015: 
By Mr. M CCAIN, from the Committee on 
Armed Services: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Ac-
tivities of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, 113th Congress, First and Second Ses-sions’’ (Rept. No. 114–7). 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report of the Se-
lect Select Committee on Intelligence Cov-ering the Period January 3, 2013, to January 5, 2015.’’ (Rept. No. 114–8). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Ac-
tivities of the Committee on Finance during the 113th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114–9). 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Ac-
tivities of the Committee on the Judiciary during the 113th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114–10). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BLUNT, from the Committee on 
Rules and Administration: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Review of Legis-
lative Activity During the 113th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114–11). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 142. A bill to require the Consumer Prod-
uct Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–12). 
S. 304. A bill to improve motor vehicle 
safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information (Rept. No. 114–13). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
DURBIN ): 
S. 896. A bill to establish centers of excel-
lence for innovative stormwater control in-frastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
URPHY ): 
S. 897. A bill to support evidence-based so-
cial and emotional learning programing; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. C AS-
SIDY): 
S. 898. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the participation of optometrists in the National Health Serv-ice Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. BALDWIN: 
S. 899. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to focus on career readiness, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
ARKEY ): 
S. 900. A bill to require auto dealers to fix 
outstanding safety recalls before selling or leasing a used passenger motor vehicle; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 901. A bill to establish in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 902. A bill to prohibit trespassing on 
critical infrastructure used in or affecting interstate commerce to commit a criminal offense; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. S CHU-
MER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C ARDIN , 
and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. Res. 133. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , and 
Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 134. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the President and the Secretary of State should ensure that the Government of Canada does not perma-nently store nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. DONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Se-curity Income program and the Med-icaid program for compensation pro-vided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or con-ditions. 
S. 157 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 157, a bill to repeal the medical device tax and the employer and indi-vidual responsibility requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 171 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
171, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of the Department of Veterans Affairs of certain disabled veterans for travel in connection with certain special disabil-ities rehabilitation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insur-ance Program through a care coordina-tion program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and low-ering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 318 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
318, a bill to prioritize funding for the National Institutes of Health to dis-cover treatments and cures, to main-tain global leadership in medical inno-vation, and to restore the purchasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.014 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2111 April 13, 2015 
(Mr. M URPHY ) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 439, a bill to end dis-crimination based on actual or per-ceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Indi-
ana (Mr. C OATS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed 
firearms. 
S. 564 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 564, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade adjustment assistance program, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Illinois 
(Mr. K IRK) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 604 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 604, a bill to reauthorize and improve a grant program to assist institutions of higher education in es-tablishing, maintaining, improving, and operating Veteran Student Cen-ters. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 611, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthor-ize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 665 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 665, a bill to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual in-tends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 677, a bill to prohibit the ap-plication of certain restrictive eligi-bility requirements to foreign non-governmental organizations with re-spect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
713, a bill to prevent international vio-lence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. T ESTER ) and the Senator from Ne-
vada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 774, a bill to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to medication therapy management 
under part D of the Medicare program. 
S. 786 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 786, a bill to provide paid and fam-ily medical leave benefits to certain in-dividuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 793 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 793, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community fi-nancial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase indi-vidual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 824 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 824, a bill to reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital toward satisfying the 3-day in-patient hospital requirement for cov-erage of skilled nursing facility serv-ices under Medicare. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from Il-
linois (Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ), the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 875 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 875, a bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.015 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2112 April 13, 2015 
amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 
1938 to strengthen equal pay require-ments. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 133—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH WEEK 
Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C ARDIN , and 
Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 133 
Whereas the week of April 6, 2015, through 
April 12, 2015, is National Public Health Week; 
Whereas the theme for National Public 
Health Week in 2015 is ‘‘Healthiest Nation 2030’’, with the goal of making the United States the healthiest nation in one genera-tion; 
Whereas public health organizations use 
National Public Health Week to educate the public, policymakers, and public health pro-fessionals on issues that are important to improving the health of the people of the United States; 
Whereas the value of a strong public health 
system is in the air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat, and the places where we all live, learn, work, and play; 
Whereas there is a 16 percent difference in 
the health status of people living in the healthiest States compared to people living in the least healthy States; 
Whereas public health professionals help 
communities prevent, prepare for, withstand, and recover from the impact of a full range of health threats, including disease out-breaks, natural disasters, and disasters caused by human activity; 
Whereas public health professionals col-
laborate with partners that are not in the health sector, such as city planners, trans-portation officials, education officials, and private sector businesses, recognizing that other sectors have an important influence on health; 
Whereas according to the Institute of Med-
icine, despite being one of the wealthiest na-tions in the world, the United States ranks below many other economically prosperous and developing countries with respect to many indicators for healthy life, including life expectancy, infant mortality rates, low birth weight rates, and the rate of drug-re-lated deaths; 
Whereas studies show that small strategic 
investments in prevention can result in sig-nificant savings in health care costs; 
Whereas each 10 percent increase in local 
public health spending contributes to a 6.9 percent decrease in infant deaths, a 3.2 per-cent decrease in deaths related to cardio-vascular disease, a 1.4 percent decrease in deaths due to diabetes, and a 1.1 percent de-
crease in cancer-related deaths; 
Whereas in communities across the coun-
try, more people are changing the way they care for their health by avoiding tobacco use, eating healthier, becoming more phys-ically active, and preventing unintentional injuries at home and in the workplace; 
Whereas despite having a high infant mor-
tality rate compared to other economically prosperous and developing countries, the United States is making progress, with the infant mortality rate declining 12 percent between 2005 and 2011; Whereas in 2013, the percentage of adults 
smoking in the United States decreased from 21.2 percent to 19.6 percent and the percent-age of physically inactive adults in the United States decreased from 26.2 percent to 22.9 percent; and 
Whereas efforts to adequately support pub-
lic health and prevention can continue to transform a health system focused on treat-ing illness to a health system focused on pre-venting disease and promoting wellness: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Public Health Week; 
(2) recognizes the efforts of public health 
professionals, the Federal Government, States, tribes, municipalities, local commu-nities, and individuals in preventing disease and injury; 
(3) recognizes the role of public health in 
improving the health of individuals in the United States; 
(4) encourages increased efforts and re-
sources to improve the health of people in the United States to create the healthiest nation in one generation through— 
(A) greater opportunities to improve com-
munity health and prevent disease and in-jury; and 
(B) strengthening the public health system 
in the United States; and 
(5) encourages the people of the United 
States to learn about the role of the public health system in improving health in the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 134—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE PRESIDENT AND THE SECRETARY OF STATE SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE GOVERNMENT OF CANADA DOES NOT PERMANENTLY STORE NU-CLEAR WASTE IN THE GREAT LAKES BASIN 
Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , and 
Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 134 
Whereas the water resources of the Great 
Lakes Basin are precious public natural re-sources, shared by the Great Lakes States and the Canadian Provinces; 
Whereas the United States and Canada 
have, since 1909, worked to maintain and im-prove the water quality of the Great Lakes through water quality agreements; 
Whereas over 40,000,000 people in both Can-
ada and the United States depend on the fresh water from the Great Lakes for drink-ing water; 
Whereas Ontario Power Generation is pro-
posing to build a permanent geological re-pository for nuclear waste less than one mile from Lake Huron in Kincardine, Ontario, Canada; 
Whereas nuclear waste is highly toxic and 
can take tens of thousands of years to de-compose to safe levels; 
Whereas, during the 1980s, when the De-
partment of Energy, in accordance with the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, was study-ing potential sites for a permanent nuclear waste repository in the United States, the Government of Canada expressed concern with locating a permanent nuclear waste re-pository within shared water basins of the two countries; and 
Whereas a spill of nuclear waste into the 
Great Lakes could have lasting and severely adverse environmental, health, and eco-nomic impacts on the Great Lakes and the 
people that depend on them for their liveli-hood: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the Government of Canada should not 
allow a permanent nuclear waste repository to be built within the Great Lakes Basin; 
(2) the President and the Secretary of 
State should take appropriate action to work with the Government of Canada to pre-vent a permanent nuclear waste repository from being built within the Great Lakes Basin; and 
(3) the President and the Secretary of 
State should work together with their Gov-ernment of Canada counterparts on a safe and responsible solution for the long-term storage of nuclear waste. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS 
MAILINGS 
The filing date for the 2015 first quar-
ter Mass Mailing report is Monday, April 27, 2015. An electronic option is now available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ 
Mass mailing registrations, or nega-
tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. 
The Senate Office of Public Records 
will be open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
On Thursday, March 26, 2015, the Sen-
ate adopted S. Con. Res. 11, as amend-ed, as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 11 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that 
this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Social Security. Sec. 103. Postal Service discretionary ad-
ministrative expenses. 
Sec. 104. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 201. Reconciliation in the Senate. 
Sec. 202. Limit on Senate consideration of 
reconciliation. 
TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 301. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
increase the pace of economic growth and private sector job creation in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.017 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2113 April 13, 2015 
Sec. 302. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen America’s prior-ities. 
Sec. 303. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect flexible and affordable healthcare choices for all. 
Sec. 304. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for im-
proving access to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Sec. 305. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
other health reforms. 
Sec. 306. Spending-neutral reserve fund for 
child welfare. 
Sec. 307. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
veterans and servicemembers. 
Sec. 308. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for tax 
reform and administration. 
Sec. 309. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
vest in the infrastructure in America. 
Sec. 310. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for air 
transportation. 
Sec. 311. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
mote jobs in the United States through international trade. 
Sec. 312. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease employment opportuni-ties for disabled workers. 
Sec. 313. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Higher Education Act reform. 
Sec. 314. Spending-neutral reserve fund for 
energy legislation. 
Sec. 315. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
form environmental statutes. 
Sec. 316. Spending-neutral reserve fund for 
water resources legislation. 
Sec. 317. Spending-neutral reserve fund on 
mineral security and mineral rights. 
Sec. 318. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
reform the abandoned mine lands program. 
Sec. 319. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
improve forest health. 
Sec. 320. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
reauthorize funding for pay-ments in lieu of taxes to coun-ties and other units of local government. 
Sec. 321. Spending-neutral reserve fund for 
financial regulatory system re-form. 
Sec. 322. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove Federal program adminis-tration. 
Sec. 323. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
implement agreements with freely associated states. 
Sec. 324. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
protect payments to rural hos-pitals and create sustainable access for rural communities. 
Sec. 325. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
encourage State medicaid dem-onstration programs to pro-mote independent living and in-tegrated work for the disabled. 
Sec. 326. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
allow pharmacists to be paid for the provision of services under Medicare. 
Sec. 327. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
improve our Nation’s commu-nity health centers. 
Sec. 328. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the funding of inde-pendent agencies, which may include subjecting the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bu-reau to the regular appropria-tions process. 
Sec. 329. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for ex-
port promotion. 
Sec. 330. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
reform, improve, and enhance 529 college savings plans. 
Sec. 331. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to securing overseas diplo-matic facilities of the United States. Sec. 332. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
achieve savings by helping struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence. 
Sec. 333. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to conserving Federal land, enhancing access to Federal land for recreational opportuni-ties, and making investments in counties and schools. 
Sec. 334. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect taxpayers from identity fraud. 
Sec. 335. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to career and technical edu-cation. 
Sec. 336. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to FEMA preparedness. 
Sec. 337. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to expanding, enhancing, or otherwise improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
Sec. 338. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
mote the next generation of NIH researchers in the United States. 
Sec. 339. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to promoting manufac-turing in the United States. 
Sec. 340. Spending-neutral reserve fund to 
prohibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refundable tax credit. 
Sec. 341. Deficit-reduction reserve fund for 
report elimination or modifica-tion. 
Sec. 342. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to ad-
dress heroin and prescription opioid abuse. 
Sec. 343. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen our Department of Defense civilian workforce. 
Sec. 344. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for De-
partment of Defense reform. 
Sec. 345. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove Federal workforce devel-opment, job training, and reem-ployment programs. 
Sec. 346. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
vide energy assistance and in-vest in energy efficiency and conservation. 
Sec. 347. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to en-
able greater collaboration be-tween the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and law school clinics serving veterans. 
Sec. 348. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease funding for Department of Energy nuclear waste clean-up. 
Sec. 349. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to Department of Defense initiatives to bolster resilience of mission-critical department infrastructure to impacts from climate change and associated events. 
Sec. 350. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to end 
Operation Choke Point and pro-tect the Second Amendment. 
Sec. 351. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-
vent the use of Federal funds for the bailout of improvident State and local governments. 
Sec. 352. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect Medicaid beneficiaries 
from benefit cuts. 
Sec. 353. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid. Sec. 354. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
tect and strengthen the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, hire more health care professionals for the Department, and ensure quality and timely access to health care for all veterans. 
Sec. 355. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
maintain and enhance access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Vet-erans Choice Card program. 
Sec. 356. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to promoting equal pay. 
Sec. 357. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to protect and strengthen Social Security. 
Sec. 358. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to a simplified income-driv-en student loan repayment op-tion. 
Sec. 359. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the protection of clean water using scientific standards while maintaining the tradi-tional role of agriculture. 
Sec. 360. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to keeping the Federal Water Pollution Control Act fo-cused on the protection of water quality. 
Sec. 361. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to saving Medicare. 
Sec. 362. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to supporting Israel. 
Sec. 363. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for leg-
islation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. 
Sec. 364. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
Sec. 365. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to increasing access to higher education for low-in-come Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
Sec. 366. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to con-
sumer price transparency. 
Sec. 367. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to transparency in health premium billing. 
Sec. 368. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to carbon emissions. 
Sec. 369. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to requiring the Federal Government to allow states to opt out of Common Core with-out penalty. 
Sec. 370. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to small business tax relief. 
Sec. 371. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the disposal of certain Federal land. 
Sec. 372. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to prohibiting funding of international organizations during the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratifica-tion and adoption of imple-menting legislation. 
Sec. 373. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to reimposing waived sanc-tions and imposing new sanc-tions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agree-ment. 
Sec. 374. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between Novem-ber 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2114 April 13, 2015 
Sec. 375. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to reasonable accommoda-tions for pregnant workers. 
Sec. 376. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to per-
manently eliminate the Federal estate tax. 
Sec. 377. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to addressing climate change. 
Sec. 378. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to regulation by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
Sec. 379. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
Sec. 380. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on awardees entering or not en-tering into agreements with labor organizations. 
Sec. 381. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to strengthening the United States Postal Service. 
Sec. 382. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-
vent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
Sec. 383. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ensuring equal treatment of married couples under the Social Security program and by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Sec. 384. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to in-
crease wages for American workers. 
Sec. 385. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
Sec. 386. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to middle class tax relief. 
Sec. 387. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to ensuring proper eco-nomic consideration in designa-tion of critical habitat. 
Sec. 388. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
strengthen the national do-not- call registry. 
Sec. 389. Deficit–neutral reserve fund to end 
‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks (over $500 billion in total assets). 
Sec. 390. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ending Washington’s ille-gal exemption from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Sec. 391. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to increasing funding for the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
Sec. 392. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to revise or repeal seques-tration. 
Sec. 393. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citi-zens from the Democratic Re-public of the Congo. 
Sec. 394. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to development of a new nu-clear-capable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
Sec. 395. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-
vide equity in the tax treat-ment of public safety officer death benefits. 
Sec. 396. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. Sec. 397. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to mixed oxide fuel fabrica-tion. 
Sec. 398. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to reforming Offices of In-spectors General and pre-venting extended vacancies. 
Sec. 399. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to improving retirement se-curity. 
Sec. 399a. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove the competitiveness of the United States. 
Sec. 399b. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ensuring that the con-servation of northern long- eared bat populations and local economic development are com-patible. 
Sec. 399c. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to im-
prove cybersecurity. 
Sec. 399d. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
allow the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bu-reau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with trib-al and local law enforcement agencies. 
Sec. 399e. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
Sec. 399f. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing technical as-sistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business develop-ment centers. 
Sec. 399g. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ensuring that medical fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. 
Sec. 399h. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebal-ance policy. 
Sec. 399i. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in States that have decriminal-ized marijuana. 
Sec. 399j. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing mortgage lend-ing to rural areas. 
Sec. 399k. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the construction of Arc-tic polar icebreakers. 
Sec. 399l. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to researching health condi-tions of the descendants of vet-erans exposed to toxic sub-stances during service in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 399m. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Busi-ness Investment Company Pro-gram. 
Sec. 399n. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commer-cial sex with children over the Internet. 
Sec. 399o. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
support State drought preven-tion plans. 
Sec. 399p. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
Sec. 399q. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
preserve and protect the open Internet. 
Sec. 399r. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to reforming the Federal regulatory process. Sec. 399s. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare program. 
Sec. 399t. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to strengthening water-borne commerce in our ports and harbors. 
Sec. 399u. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications architecture of the United States. 
Sec. 399v. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to BARDA and the Bio-Shield Special Reserve Fund. 
Sec. 399w. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
Sec. 399x. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses. 
Sec. 399y. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the definition of full- time employee. 
Sec. 399z. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to improving the effective-
ness and efficiency of the Fed-eral regulatory process. 
Sec. 399aa. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
expedite awards under the In-ternal Revenue Service whistle-blower program. 
Sec. 399bb. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to encouraging the in-creased use of performance con-tracting in Federal facilities. 
Sec. 399cc. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to improving informa-tion sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to sub-standard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that di-rectly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department. 
Sec. 399dd. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on commu-nity banks and credit unions. 
Sec. 399ee. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
protect the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service. 
Sec. 399ff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to ensuring that Depart-ment of Justice attorneys com-ply with disclosure obligations in criminal prosecutions. 
Sec. 399gg. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
promote biomedical research. 
Sec. 399hh. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
address the heroin and meth-amphetamine abuse epidemic in the United States. 
Sec. 399ii. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to providing access to nec-essary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
Sec. 399jj. Spending-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to prioritizing the con-struction of infrastructure projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high priority cor-ridors. 
Sec. 399kk. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more pro-portionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2115 April 13, 2015 
Sec. 399ll. Deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-
ing to the investigation and re-covery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
Sec. 399mm. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to improving higher edu-cation data and transparency. 
Sec. 399nn. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to supporting programs funded by the Older Americans Act of 1965. 
Sec. 399oo. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to Native children. 
Sec. 399pp. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to protecting the per-sonal information of consumers from data breaches. 
Sec. 399qq. Deficit-reduction reserve fund 
for Government reform and effi-ciency. 
Sec. 399rr. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to medical treatment and compensation for first re-sponders, survivors, and their families injured and made ill by the 9/11 attacks. 
Sec. 399ss. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to construction of Native American schools. 
Sec. 399tt. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to increasing the guar-antee threshold for the Surety Bond Guarantee Program. 
Sec. 399uu. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to Indo-Pacific partner capacity building and strategy. 
Sec. 399vv. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to addressing meth-amphetamine abuse in the United States. 
Sec. 399ww. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the National Guard State Partnership Program. 
Sec. 399xx. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to improving the preven-tion and treatment of agricul-tural virus outbreaks. 
Sec. 399yy. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the importance of fi-nancial literacy education to allow individuals to make in-formed and effective decisions with their financial resources. 
Sec. 399zz. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to comprehensive mental health reform. 
Sec. 399aaa. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to improving oral health care for children and pregnant women under Medicaid. 
Sec. 399bbb. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the National Park Service Centennial. 
Sec. 399ccc. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to increasing college completion. 
Sec. 399ddd. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to encouraging freight planning and investment that incorporates all modes of trans-portation, including rail, water-ways, ports, and highways. 
Sec. 399eee. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lated to providing for full fund-ing for at-sea and dockside monitoring for certain fish-eries. 
Sec. 399fff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to training and resources for first responders responding to hazardous materials inci-dents on railroads. Sec. 399ggg. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to enhancing and im-proving the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office in order to reduce the application backlog. 
Sec. 399hhh. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to provide additional funding for international stra-tegic communications. 
Sec. 399iii. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
elementary and secondary edu-cation. 
Sec. 399jjj. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to investing in rural and tribal water infrastructure. 
Sec. 399kkk. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lated to sexual assault at insti-tutions of higher education. 
Sec. 399lll. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to simplifying and ex-panding tax incentives for high-er education. 
Sec. 399mmm. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to authorizing children eligible for health care under laws administered by Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain such eligibility until age 26. 
Sec. 399nnn. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to supporting workforce development through appren-ticeship programs. 
Sec. 399ooo. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to the prioritization of broad-based criminal justice re-form. 
Sec. 399ppp. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to strengthening the economy by accelerating the transfer of technologies from laboratories of the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense to the marketplace. 
Sec. 399qqq. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry. 
Sec. 399rrr. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption. 
Sec. 399sss. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to reforming student loan programs. 
Sec. 399ttt. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to increasing funding for the TIGER discretionary grant program of the Department of Transportation. 
Sec. 399uuu. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to promoting the use of college savings accounts. 
Sec. 399vvv. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to establishing a new outcome-based process for au-thorizing innovative higher education providers. 
Sec. 399www. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to improving commu-nity relations with law enforce-ment officers. 
Sec. 399xxx. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
support research. 
Sec. 399yyy. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to support for Ukraine, which should include the provi-sion of lethal defensive articles. 
Sec. 399zzz. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to providing funding to combat anti-Semitism in Eu-rope. 
Sec. 399aaaa. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to 
provide students and families with transparent, easily under-stood postsecondary education financial aid information. Sec. 399bbbb. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to providing adequate funding for the Contract Tower Program of the Federal Avia-tion Administration. 
Sec. 399cccc. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to underground and sur-face mining safety and health research. 
Sec. 399dddd. Deficit-neutral reserve fund 
relating to investing in ad-vanced fossil energy technology research and development. 
Sec. 399eeee. Deficit-neutral reserve funds 
relating to foreign persons. 
Sec. 399ffff. Deficit-neutral reserve fund re-
lating to special treatment of the income tax credit for re-search expenditures for startup companies. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS 
Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement 
Sec. 401. Extension of enforcement of budg-
etary points of order in the Senate. 
Sec. 402. Senate point of order against legis-
lation increasing long-term deficits. 
Sec. 403. Point of order against advance ap-
propriations. 
Sec. 404. Supermajority enforcement of un-
funded mandates. 
Sec. 405. Repeal of Senate point of order 
against certain reconciliation legislation. 
Sec. 406. Point of order against changes in 
mandatory programs. 
Sec. 407. Prohibition on agreeing to legisla-
tion without a score. 
Sec. 408. Protecting the savings in reported 
reconciliation bills. 
Sec. 409. Point of order against exceeding 
funds designated for overseas contingency operations. 
Sec. 410. Senate point of order against provi-
sions of appropriations legisla-tion that constitute changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund. 
Sec. 411. Accuracy in budget enforcement. Sec. 412. Fair value estimates. Sec. 413. Honest accounting estimates. Sec. 414. Currency modernization. Sec. 415. Certain energy contracts. Sec. 416. Long-term scoring. Sec. 417. Requiring clearer reporting of pro-
jected Federal spending and deficits. 
Sec. 418. Reporting on tax expenditures. Sec. 419. Congressional Budget Office esti-
mates. 
Sec. 420. To require transparent reporting 
on the ongoing costs and sav-ings to taxpayers of Obamacare. 
Sec. 421. Prohibiting the use of guarantee 
fees as an offset. 
Sec. 422. Adjustments for sequestration re-
placement. 
Sec. 423. To convey clear information to 
Congress and the public about projected Federal outlays, reve-nues, and deficits. 
Sec. 424. Adjustment for wildfire suppression 
funding. 
Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
Sec. 431. Oversight of Government perform-
ance. 
Sec. 432. Budgetary treatment of certain dis-
cretionary administrative ex-penses. 
Sec. 433. Application and effect of changes 
in allocations and aggregates. 
Sec. 434. Adjustments to reflect changes in 
concepts and definitions. 
Sec. 435. Exercise of rulemaking powers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2116 April 13, 2015 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this resolution: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,666,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,763,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,858,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,974,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,099,410,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,241,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,388,688,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,550,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,722,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,905,648,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. Fiscal year 2024: $0. Fiscal year 2025: $0. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this resolution, the ap-propriate levels of total new budget author-ity are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,003,274,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,894,221,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,958,672,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,107,799,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,228,534,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,337,729,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,455,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,525,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,624,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,646,263,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this resolution, the appro-priate levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,037,267,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,928,317,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,945,067,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,080,929,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,185,512,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,308,296,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,449,532,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,497,247,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,576,890,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,614,976,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS .—For purposes of the enforce-
ment of this resolution, the amounts of the deficits are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $370,512,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $164,989,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $86,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $106,782,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $86,102,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $66,333,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $60,844,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: –$53,141,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: –$145,254,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: –$290,672,000,000. (5) P
UBLIC DEBT .—Pursuant to section 
301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the appropriate levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,009,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,396,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,718,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $20,055,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,375,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,676,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $21,008,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,195,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $21,254,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: $21,207,000,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-
priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,799,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,042,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,222,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $14,445,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $14,674,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,912,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,230,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,419,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,500,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,538,000,000,000. (7) F
EDERAL TAX EXPENDITURES .—The levels 
of Federal tax expenditures are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $1,481,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $1,593,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $1,670,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $1,738,019,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $1,810,158,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,890,648,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,973,922,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $2,064,520,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $2,160,235,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $2,261,769,000,000. 
SEC. 102. SOCIAL SECURITY. 
(a) S OCIAL SECURITY REVENUES .—For pur-
poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the amounts of revenues of the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $792,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $824,342,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $857,154,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $890,609,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $925,760,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $962,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,000,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,040,394,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,081,476,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,123,748,000,000. (b) S
OCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS .—For pur-
poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the amounts of outlays of the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $778,032,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $825,829,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $882,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $941,034,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $1,005,632,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,073,227,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,145,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,222,754,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,305,622,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,394,327,000,000. (c) S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—In the Senate, the amounts of new 
budget authority and budget outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $5,026,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,089,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $5,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,190,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $5,345,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,316,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,518,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,487,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,699,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,668,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $5,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $6,072,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,039,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,266,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,232,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,462,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,428,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,665,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,630,000,000. 
SEC. 103. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-
MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget 
authority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative ex-penses are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $267,000,000. (B) Outlays, $266,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $277,000,000. (B) Outlays, $277,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $288,000,000. (B) Outlays, $288,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $299,000,000. (B) Outlays, $298,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $310,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $321,000,000. (B) Outlays, $320,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $333,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $346,000,000. (B) Outlays, $345,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $358,000,000. (B) Outlays, $357,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $371,000,000. (B) Outlays, $370,000,000. 
SEC. 104. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the 
appropriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $620,263,000,000. (B) Outlays, $605,189,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $544,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $576,934,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $557,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $558,049,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $571,019,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $585,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $573,614,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $599,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,038,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $600,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $596,103,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $615,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $603,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $631,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $611,920,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $648,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $632,992,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $47,791,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2117 April 13, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $48,227,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $41,839,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,656,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $42,802,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,642,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $43,749,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,565,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $44,754,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $45,276,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,795,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $46,553,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $47,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,153,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $48,681,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,023,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $49,786,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,943,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $30,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,007,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $30,596,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $31,286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,165,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $31,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $32,706,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,400,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $33,433,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,022,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $34,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,756,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $34,953,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,512,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $35,745,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $36,545,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,084,000,000. (4) Energy (270): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, –$1,947,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,365,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $2,483,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,112,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $76,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$731,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $90,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$753,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $128,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$668,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $97,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$543,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $62,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$465,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $36,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$393,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $2,869,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $2,963,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,655,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $36,277,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,983,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,685,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,866,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $37,680,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,719,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $39,125,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,486,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $41,066,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,098,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $40,951,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,232,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $41,844,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $43,240,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $44,125,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,663,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $45,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,966,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $20,628,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,585,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $24,247,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,696,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $23,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $22,083,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,401,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $20,974,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,498,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $21,078,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,613,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $20,914,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,476,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $21,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $21,620,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,125,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $21,834,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,416,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $2,260,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$11,365,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, –$3,959,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$18,302,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, –$1,264,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$16,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, –$1,316,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$21,170,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $55,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$20,567,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, –$75,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$15,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $1,341,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$15,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $2,452,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$15,942,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $3,648,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$16,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $4,520,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$16,011,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $71,528,000,000. (B) Outlays, $88,436,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $72,392,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,756,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $73,286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $80,329,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $74,077,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $74,826,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,935,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $75,549,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,708,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $76,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,973,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $76,840,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,228,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $77,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $78,208,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,426,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $17,414,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,351,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $18,263,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,002,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $18,606,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,457,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $18,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,314,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $18,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $18,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,474,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $18,782,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,323,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $18,861,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $18,975,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,313,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $19,140,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,384,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $86,251,000,000. (B) Outlays, $95,717,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $87,848,000,000. (B) Outlays, $92,889,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $90,703,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,534,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $89,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $88,889,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $91,991,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2118 April 13, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $91,556,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $93,353,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,315,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $94,970,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,734,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $96,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $96,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $98,439,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,178,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $100,362,000,000. (B) Outlays, $100,129,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $414,351,000,000. (B) Outlays, $424,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $385,565,000,000. (B) Outlays, $389,710,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $388,629,000,000. (B) Outlays, $390,503,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $402,511,000,000. (B) Outlays, $403,324,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $425,526,000,000. (B) Outlays, $415,791,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $433,351,000,000. (B) Outlays, $433,395,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $452,426,000,000. (B) Outlays, $452,523,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $471,644,000,000. (B) Outlays, $471,719,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $489,491,000,000. (B) Outlays, $489,587,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $512,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $513,163,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $567,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, $567,122,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $562,941,000,000. (B) Outlays, $562,881,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $562,143,000,000. (B) Outlays, $562,102,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $619,228,000,000. (B) Outlays, $619,148,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
(A) New budget authority, $657,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $657,564,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $698,284,000,000. (B) Outlays, $698,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $776,034,000,000. (B) Outlays, $775,930,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $787,879,000,000. (B) Outlays, $787,681,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $797,075,000,000. (B) Outlays, $796,964,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $902,467,000,000. (B) Outlays, $902,349,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $529,494,000,000. (B) Outlays, $528,778,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $458,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $455,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $466,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $458,848,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $460,943,000,000. (B) Outlays, $457,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $471,826,000,000. (B) Outlays, $467,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $481,804,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,132,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $493,877,000,000. (B) Outlays, $493,223,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $502,550,000,000. (B) Outlays, $498,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $512,932,000,000. (B) Outlays, $504,310,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $521,641,000,000. (B) Outlays, $517,044,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $33,878,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,407,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $166,708,000,000. (B) Outlays, $170,152,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,905,000,000. (B) Outlays, $164,449,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $163,101,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $162,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $174,989,000,000. (B) Outlays, $174,175,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $179,899,000,000. (B) Outlays, $178,942,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $184,172,000,000. (B) Outlays, $183,222,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $196,530,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,502,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $193,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $192,124,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $189,999,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,884,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,895,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,761,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $52,543,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,757,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $57,030,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $58,576,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $56,787,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,929,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $58,512,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,973,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $60,284,000,000. (B) Outlays, $59,888,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $62,239,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,690,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $64,815,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,224,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $66,745,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,238,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $68,717,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,091,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $70,550,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,922,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $23,755,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,708,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $24,046,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,958,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $24,755,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,573,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $25,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,089,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $26,202,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,782,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $26,958,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,551,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $27,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,375,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $28,493,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $29,022,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,671,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $29,809,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,399,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $366,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $366,579,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $415,132,000,000. (B) Outlays, $415,132,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $478,693,000,000. (B) Outlays, $478,693,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $532,670,000,000. (B) Outlays, $532,670,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $580,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,522,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $614,725,000,000. (B) Outlays, $614,725,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $645,841,000,000. (B) Outlays, $645,841,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $671,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $671,301,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $690,987,000,000. (B) Outlays, $690,987,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $703,419,000,000. (B) Outlays, $703,419,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2119 April 13, 2015 
(19) Allowances (920): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, –$12,322,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$5,571,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $12,975,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,923,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, –$10,750,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$14,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, –$15,199,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$16,838,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, –$46,590,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$44,799,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, –$54,803,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$51,787,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, –$98,454,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$80,798,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, –$112,036,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$101,438,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, –$90,119,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$83,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, –$250,580,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$234,419,000,000. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, –$69,397,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$69,408,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, –$78,263,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$78,278,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, –$84,231,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$84,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, –$83,179,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$83,200,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, –$83,577,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$83,600,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, –$86,773,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$86,798,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, –$92,337,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$92,362,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, –$99,646,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$99,672,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, –$109,004,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$109,030,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, –$121,370,000,000. (B) Outlays, –$121,397,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 201. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) C OMMITTEE ON FINANCE .—The Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(b) C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , E DUCATION , 
LABOR AND PENSIONS .—The Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(c) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later 
than July 31, 2015, the Senate Committees named in subsections (a) and (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon receiving all such recommendations, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall report to the Senate a reconciliation bill carrying out all such recommendations without any sub-stantive revision. SEC. 202. LIMIT ON SENATE CONSIDERATION OF 
RECONCILIATION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 201, or an amendment to, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, which would increase the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(b) W
AIVER .—This section may be waived 
or suspended in the Senate only by the af-firmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(c) A
PPEALS .—An affirmative vote of two- 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on the point of order raised under this section. 
TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 301. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE THE PACE OF ECONOMIC GROWTH AND PRIVATE SECTOR JOB CREATION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) growing the economy; (2) creating more private sector jobs and 
enhancing worker rights such as Davis- Bacon reform and card check; 
(3) lowering the after-tax costs of invest-
ment, savings, and work; 
(4) reducing the costs to business and indi-
viduals from the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(5) reducing the costs borne by economic 
activity in the United States stemming from Federal regulations, including the costs in-curred by individuals in complying with Fed-eral law when starting a business; 
(6) reducing the costs of frivolous lawsuits; (7) creating a more competitive financial 
sector to support economic growth and job creation while enhancing the credit worthi-ness of lending institutions; or 
(8) improving the ability of policy makers 
to estimate the economic effects of policy change through the enhanced use of eco-nomic models and data in scoring legisla-tion; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 302. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN AMERICA’S PRIOR-ITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhanced funding for national se-curity or domestic discretionary programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 303. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT FLEXIBLE AND AFFORD-ABLE HEALTHCARE CHOICES FOR ALL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) the full repeal of the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) and the health care-related pro-visions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152; 124 Stat. 1029); or 
(2) the replacing or reforming the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) or the health care- related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1029); 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-
lation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 304. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO THE CHIL-DREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving access to affordable health care for low-income children, includ-ing the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 305. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
OTHER HEALTH REFORMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) the requirement to individually pur-
chase, or jointly provide, health insurance; 
(2) increasing payments under, or perma-
nently reforming or replacing, Medicare pay-ments for providers; 
(3) extending expiring health care provi-
sions; 
(4) the health care needs of first responders 
to domestic acts of terror; 
(5) improvements in medical research, in-
novation and safety; or 
(6) strengthening program integrity initia-
tives to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse in Federal health care programs; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 306. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR CHILD WELFARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) child nutrition programs; (2) replacing ineffective policies and pro-
grams with evidence-based alternative that improve the welfare of vulnerable children; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2120 April 13, 2015 
(3) policies that protect children from sex-
ual predators in our schools or communities; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 307. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
VETERANS AND SERVICEMEMBERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the improvement of the delivery of benefits and services to veterans and servicemembers, including: 
(1) eligibility for both military retired pay 
and veterans’ disability compensation (con-current receipt); 
(2) the reduction or elimination of the off-
set between Survivor Benefit Plan annuities and Veterans’ Dependency and Indemnity Compensation; 
(3) the improvement of disability benefits 
or the process of evaluating and adjudicating benefit claims for members of the Armed Forces or veterans, including the growing backlog of appeals of decisions regarding claims for disability compensation; 
(4) the infrastructure needs of the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, including con-structing or leasing space, to include leases of major medical facilities, and maintenance of Department facilities; 
(5) supporting the transition of 
servicemembers to the civilian workforce, including by expanding or improving edu-cation, job training, and workforce develop-ment benefits, or other programs for servicemembers or veterans, which may in-clude streamlining the process associated with Federal and State credentialing re-quirements; 
(6) vocational programs of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that improves vocational rehabilita-tion and counseling for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and members of the Armed Forces with severe injuries or ill-ness; 
(7) improving research at the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that expands research on post-trau-matic stress disorder, traumatic brain in-jury, or toxic exposures; 
(8) improving the delivery of health care 
and benefits to veterans or members of the Armed Forces, which may include legislation that improves delivery of health care and benefits to victims of military sexual trau-ma; 
(9) improving the delivery of care and ben-
efits to veterans, which may include legisla-tion that enhances oversight and investiga-tions by the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General; 
(10) maintaining and enhancing access, 
choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146); 
(11) improving access to and reducing wait 
times for Department of Veterans Affairs health care, including through hiring med-ical providers, and improving the quality of such care; 
(12) providing or improving specialty serv-
ices, including mental health care, homeless services, gender specific health care, fertility treatment, and support for caregivers; or 
(13) improving outreach, access, and serv-
ices for rural veterans; by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 308. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TAX REFORM AND ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986; 
(2) amending the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to extend certain expiring tax relief pro-visions; 
(3) innovation and high quality manufac-
turing jobs, including the repeal of the 2.3 percent excise tax on medical device manu-facturers; or 
(4) operations and administration of the 
Department of the Treasury, 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 309. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INVEST IN THE INFRASTRUCTURE IN AMERICA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investment in the infra-structure of the United States, including programs that expedite the deployment of broadband to rural areas, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation shall not in-clude transfers from other trust funds but may include transfers from the general fund of the Treasury that are offset, provided fur-ther that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 310. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal spending on civil air traf-fic control services, which may include air traffic management at airport towers across the United States or at facilities of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 311. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROMOTE JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— (1) suspending or reducing tariffs on mis-
cellaneous imports; 
(2) reauthorization of trade related Federal 
agencies; 
(3) implementing international trade 
agreements; 
(4) reauthorizing or extending trade adjust-
ment assistance programs; 
(5) reauthorizing preference programs; or (6) enhancing the protection of United 
States intellectual property rights at the border and abroad; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 312. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTU-NITIES FOR DISABLED WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the administration of disability benefits and the improved employment of disabled workers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 313. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
HIGHER EDUCATION ACT REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 314. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR ENERGY LEGISLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reform of the management of civilian 
and defense nuclear waste; 
(2) reform and reauthorization of programs 
at the Department of Energy related to re-search and development of alternative or re-newable forms of energy, fossil fuel explo-ration and use, nuclear energy, or the elec-tricity grid; 
(3) expansion of North American energy 
production; or 
(4) reform of the permitting and siting 
processes for energy infrastructure; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 315. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM ENVIRONMENTAL STAT-UTES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2121 April 13, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reform of environmental statutes to promote job growth by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 316. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR WATER RESOURCES LEGISLA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving flood control, expand-ing opportunities for commercial navigation, and improving the environmental restora-tion of the nation’s waterways without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 317. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
ON MINERAL SECURITY AND MIN-ERAL RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) reducing reliance on mineral imports; 
or 
(2) the authority to deduct certain 
amounts from mineral revenues payable to States; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 318. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM THE ABANDONED MINE LANDS PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 319. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE FOREST HEALTH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) increasing timber production from Fed-
eral lands and providing bridge funding to counties and other units of local government until timber production levels increase; 
(2) decreasing forest hazardous fuel loads; (3) improving stewardship contracting; or 
(4) reform of the process of budgeting for 
wildfire suppression operations; 
without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 320. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REAUTHORIZE FUNDING FOR PAY-MENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES TO COUN-TIES AND OTHER UNITS OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Payments In Lieu of Taxes (PILT), which may include funding the pay-ments in lieu of taxes program at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 321. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR FINANCIAL REGULATORY SYS-TEM REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to regulatory relief for small finan-cial firms, improvements in the effectiveness of the financial regulatory framework, en-hancements in oversight and accountability of the Federal Reserve System, and expan-sions in access to capital markets without raising new revenue, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 322. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE FEDERAL PROGRAM AD-MINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the processing of earn-ings reports for the Supplemental Security Income and Social Security Disability Insur-ance programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 323. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPLEMENT AGREEMENTS WITH FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the implementation of agree-ments between the United States and na-tions with whom it maintains a Compact of Free Association without raising new rev-
enue, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 324. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT PAYMENTS TO RURAL HOSPITALS AND CREATE SUSTAIN-ABLE ACCESS FOR RURAL COMMU-NITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting payments to rural hos-pitals and creating sustainable access for rural communities, without raising new rev-enue, by the amounts provided in such legis-
lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 325. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENCOURAGE STATE MEDICAID DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAMS TO PRO-MOTE INDEPENDENT LIVING AND INTEGRATED WORK FOR THE DIS-ABLED. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging State Medicaid dem-onstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 326. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ALLOW PHARMACISTS TO BE PAID FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to payments to pharmacists for the provision of services under Medicare, with-out raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 327. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE OUR NATION’S COMMU-NITY HEALTH CENTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting and improving com-munity health centers, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2122 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 328. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE FUNDING OF INDEPENDENT AGENCIES, WHICH MAY INCLUDE SUBJECTING THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU TO THE REGULAR APPRO-PRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding of independent agen-cies, which may include subjecting the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 329. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
EXPORT PROMOTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting exports, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase total deficits over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 330. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM, IMPROVE, AND ENHANCE 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforms, improvements, and en-hancements of 529 college savings plans, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 331. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SECURING OVERSEAS DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the security of the overseas diplo-matic facilities of the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 332. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ACHIEVE SAVINGS BY HELPING STRUGGLING AMERICANS ON THE ROAD TO PERSONAL AND FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to welfare legislation to help strug-gling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 333. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO CONSERVING FEDERAL LAND, ENHANCING ACCESS TO FED-ERAL LAND FOR RECREATIONAL OP-PORTUNITIES, AND MAKING INVEST-MENTS IN COUNTIES AND SCHOOLS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal programs for land and water conservation and acquisition or the preservation, restoration, or protection of public land, oceans, coastal areas, or aquatic ecosystems, making changes to or providing for the reauthorization of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), making changes to or providing for the reauthoriza-tion of the payments in lieu of taxes pro-gram under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, or making changes to or pro-viding for the reauthorization of both laws, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 334. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT TAXPAYERS FROM IDEN-TITY FRAUD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to changes at the Internal Revenue Service, which may include establishing a process by which taxpayers may (1) receive notification of tax scams and (2) determine whether a return may have been filed using their personal information, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 335. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to career and technical education, which may include work- or skills-based learning opportunities or which creates rig-orous career and technical education cur-ricula in schools, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 336. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO FEMA PREPAREDNESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing the preparedness of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to respond to disasters, which may include those on land and in the oceans caused or ex-acerbated by human-induced climate change, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 337. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO EXPANDING, ENHANC-ING, OR OTHERWISE IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, AND MATHEMATICS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding, enhancing, or other-wise improving science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 338. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROMOTE THE NEXT GENERATION OF NIH RESEARCHERS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to policies and programs that im-prove opportunities for new biomedical re-searchers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 339. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING MANUFAC-TURING IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investment in the manufacturing sector in the United States, which may in-clude educational or research and develop-ment initiatives, public-private partner-ships, or other programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 340. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROHIBIT ALIENS WITHOUT LEGAL STATUS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM QUALIFYING FOR A REFUND-ABLE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2123 April 13, 2015 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to benefits for aliens without legal status in the United States, which may in-clude prohibiting qualification for certain tax benefits without raising new revenue, by 
the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 341. DEFICIT-REDUCTION RESERVE FUND 
FOR REPORT ELIMINATION OR MODIFICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating that achieve savings through the elimination, modification, or the reduction in frequency of congressionally mandated re-ports from Federal agencies, and reduce the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as-you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the deficit reduc-tion achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit re-duction achieved. 
SEC. 342. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS HEROIN AND PRESCRIP-TION OPIOID ABUSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing heroin and prescrip-tion opioid abuse, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 343. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN OUR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN WORKFORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our civilian work-force, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of either the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 344. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-FORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving Department of Defense financial management, which may include achieving full auditability or eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 345. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE FEDERAL WORKFORCE DE-VELOPMENT, JOB TRAINING, AND REEMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing inefficient overlap, im-proving access, and enhancing outcomes with Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase total deficits over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 346. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE ENERGY ASSISTANCE AND INVEST IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) energy efficiency, which may include 
weatherization and energy efficiency retrofit programs for low-income individuals; 
(2) the Low Income Home Energy Assist-
ance Program, which may include seasonal assistance, crisis fuel assistance, or other as-sistance to low-income individuals; 
(3) Federal programs for land and water 
conservation, including the Land and Water Conservation Fund; or 
(4) the reduction of duplicative Federal 
green building programs; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 347. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENABLE GREATER COLLABORATION BETWEEN THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND LAW SCHOOL CLINICS SERVING VET-ERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs collaboration with law school clinics serving veterans, which may include legisla-tion that supports law school clinics that provide veterans with pro-bono legal support and assistance assembling benefits claims, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 to 2025. 
SEC. 348. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE FUNDING FOR DEPART-MENT OF ENERGY NUCLEAR WASTE CLEANUP. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels and lim-its in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to Federal investments in the Office of Environmental Management, which 
may include measures to meet the Federal Government’s legacy responsibilities for cleanup of liquid radioactive waste, spent nuclear fuel, transuranic and mixed/low-level waste, or contaminated soil and water, and which may also include measures deacti-vating and decommissioning excess facilities at 16 nuclear waste sites created by the Man-hattan Project and Cold War programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 349. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE INITIATIVES TO BOLSTER RE-SILIENCE OF MISSION-CRITICAL DE-PARTMENT INFRASTRUCTURE TO IMPACTS FROM CLIMATE CHANGE AND ASSOCIATED EVENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one of more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Department of Defense initia-tives to bolster resilience of mission-critical Department infrastructure to impacts from climate change and associated events, in-cluding sea-level rise, flooding, and increased storm surge, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 350. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
END OPERATION CHOKE POINT AND PROTECT THE SECOND AMEND-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Justice, which may include ending of the Operation Choke Point program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 351. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT THE USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS FOR THE BAILOUT OF IM-PROVIDENT STATE AND LOCAL GOV-ERNMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition, except in the case of Federal assistance provided in response to a natural disaster, on any entity of the Fed-eral Government from providing funds to State and local governments to prevent re-ceivership or to facilitate exit from receiver-ship or to prevent default on its obligations by a State government, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2124 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT MEDICAID BENEFICIARIES FROM BENEFIT CUTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Medicaid, which may include pro-tecting children, pregnant women, individ-uals with disabilities, low-income adults, and Americans that need long-term services and supports, including nursing home care, who are guaranteed benefits under Medicaid, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 353. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES AND LOWER THE COSTS OF CARING FOR MEDICALLY COMPLEX CHILDREN IN MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the health outcomes and lowering the costs of caring for medi-cally complex children in Medicaid, which may include creating or expanding inte-grated delivery models or improving care co-ordination, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 354. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT AND STRENGTHEN THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS, HIRE MORE HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS FOR THE DEPART-MENT, AND ENSURE QUALITY AND TIMELY ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE FOR ALL VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs, which may include legisla-tion that strengthens quality and timely ac-cess to health care by hiring more health care professionals at facilities of the Depart-ment and making necessary improvements to infrastructure of the Department, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 355. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
MAINTAIN AND ENHANCE ACCESS, CHOICE, AND ACCOUNTABILITY IN VETERANS CARE THROUGH THE VETERANS CHOICE CARD PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to maintaining and enhancing ac-cess, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card pro-gram, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 356. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING EQUAL PAY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting equal pay, which may include preventing discrimination on the basis of sex and preventing retaliation against employees for seeking or discussing wage information, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 357. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO LEGISLATION SUB-MITTED TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PROTECT AND STRENGTHEN SO-CIAL SECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to pro-tect current beneficiaries of the Social Secu-rity program and prevent the insolvency of the program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 358. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO A SIMPLIFIED INCOME- DRIVEN STUDENT LOAN REPAY-MENT OPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping stu-dent loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan re-payment option by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 359. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE PROTECTION OF CLEAN WATER USING SCIENTIFIC STANDARDS WHILE MAINTAINING THE TRADITIONAL ROLE OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting watersheds, including the Great Lakes, Chesapeake Bay, the Mis-sissippi River system, the Colorado River system, or other sources of drinking water of the United States, which may include clari-fying the scope of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) to 
provide certainty for landowners or rural communities, or preserving existing exemp-tions for agriculture, ranching, or forestry, or to rely on the scientific evidence of im-pacts on water quality of different types of water bodies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 360. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO KEEPING THE FED-ERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT FOCUSED ON THE PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal jurisdic-tion under the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is focused on water quality, which may include limiting jurisdiction based on the movement of birds, mammals, or insects through the air or over the land, the movement of water through the ground, or the movement of rainwater or snowmelt over the land, or limiting jurisdic-tion over puddles, isolated ponds, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, stormwater sys-tems, wastewater systems, or water delivery, reuse, or reclamation systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 361. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SAVING MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, which may include the creation of a point of order against legislation that accelerates the in-solvency of such Trust Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 362. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to United States policy toward Israel, which may include preventing the United Nations and other international in-stitutions from taking unfair or discrimina-tory action against Israel, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-
riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2125 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 363. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
LEGISLATION TO ALLOW AMERI-CANS TO EARN PAID SICK TIME. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve workplace ben-efits and reduce health care costs, which may include measures to allow Americans to earn paid sick time to address their own health needs and the health needs of their families, and to promote equal employment opportunities, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 364. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING HEALTH CARE TO VETERANS WHO HAVE GEO-GRAPHIC INACCESSIBILITY TO CARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving dis-tance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that pro-vides the care sought by the veteran, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 365. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING ACCESS TO HIGHER EDUCATION FOR LOW-IN-COME AMERICANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL PELL GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program, which may include allowing for 1 or more additional payment periods during the same award year, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 366. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
CONSUMER PRICE TRANSPARENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) taxes or other provi-sions in health insurance monthly premium statements, including advance premium tax credits, cost sharing reductions, medical loss ratio rebates and savings, free preventive care, coverage of preexisting conditions and prohibitions on premium rating because of gender, the cost of insurance company ad-ministrative expenses, and taxes and fees, by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 367. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO TRANSPARENCY IN HEALTH PREMIUM BILLING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) tax in health insurance monthly premium statements, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 368. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO CARBON EMISSIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to carbon emissions, which may in-clude prohibitions on Federal taxes or fees imposed on carbon emissions from any prod-uct or entity that is a direct or indirect source of emissions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 369. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE FED-ERAL GOVERNMENT TO ALLOW STATES TO OPT OUT OF COMMON CORE WITHOUT PENALTY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Federal Govern-ment from mandating, incentivizing, or co-ercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific aca-demic standards, instructional content, cur-ricula, assessments, or programs of instruc-tion and allowing States to opt out of the Common Core State Standards without pen-alty, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 370. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to small business tax relief, which may include a permanent increase of the sec-tion 179 small business expensing allowance to $1,000,000 or an increase in the investment limitation to $2,500,000, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, 
provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 371. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to sell or transfer to, or exchange with, a State or local govern-ment any Federal land that is not within the boundaries of a National Park, National Pre-serve, or National Monument, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 372. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUND-ING OF INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TIONS DURING THE IMPLEMENTA-TION OF THE UNITED NATIONS ARMS TRADE TREATY PRIOR TO SENATE RATIFICATION AND ADOP-TION OF IMPLEMENTING LEGISLA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding, which may include pro-hibiting funding for the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty Secretariat or any inter-national organizations created to support the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratifica-tion and adoption of implementing legisla-tion by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 373. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REIMPOSING WAIVED SANCTIONS AND IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS AGAINST IRAN FOR VIO-LATIONS OF THE JOINT PLAN OF AC-TION OR A COMPREHENSIVE NU-CLEAR AGREEMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Iran, which may include efforts to immediately reimpose waived sanctions and impose new sanctions against the Gov-ernment of Iran if the President cannot make a determination and certify that Iran is complying with the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive agreement on Iran’s nu-clear program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2126 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 374. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING UNITED STATES CITIZENS HELD HOSTAGE IN THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN TEHRAN, IRAN, BETWEEN NOVEM-BER 3, 1979, AND JANUARY 20, 1981. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 375. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REASONABLE ACCOM-MODATIONS FOR PREGNANT WORK-ERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to increase employment opportunities and prevent employment dis-crimination, which may include measures to prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers, to provide pregnant work-ers with a right to workplace accommoda-tions, and to ensure that employers comply with requirements regarding such workplace accommodations for pregnant workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 376. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PERMANENTLY ELIMINATE THE FEDERAL ESTATE TAX. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in the Federal income tax laws, which may include eliminating the Federal estate tax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 377. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting national security, eco-nomic growth, and public health by address-ing human-induced climate change through increased use of clean energy, energy effi-ciency, and reductions in carbon pollution by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 378. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REGULATION BY THE EN-VIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY OF GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS-SIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Environ-mental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a prohibition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementation Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided 
that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 379. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROTECTING PRIVATELY HELD WATER RIGHTS AND PERMITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting communities, busi-nesses, recreationists, farmers, ranchers, or other groups that rely on privately held water rights and permits from Federal takings by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 380. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING AWARD-ING OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS BASED ON AWARDEES ENTERING OR NOT ENTERING INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LABOR ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition on the awarding of construction contracts on behalf of the Gov-ernment based upon any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents, that require or pro-hibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors to enter into or adhere to agree-ments with one or more labor organizations or discriminate against or give preference to such bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors based on their entering or refus-ing to enter into such agreements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 381. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO STRENGTHENING THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening the United States Postal Service, which may include imposing a moratorium to prevent mail processing plants from closing, reestablishing overnight 
delivery standards, recognizing the impor-tance of rural delivery, allowing the Postal Service to innovate and adapt to compete in a digital age, or improving the financial con-dition of the Postal Service by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 382. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT AMERICAN JOBS FROM BEING MOVED OVERSEAS BY REDUC-ING THE CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing American jobs from being moved overseas, which may include a reduction in the corporate income tax rate, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-
lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 383. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING EQUAL TREATMENT OF MARRIED COUPLES UNDER THE SOCIAL SECURITY PRO-GRAM AND BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring equal treatment of mar-ried couples, which may include ensuring that all legally married spouses have access to Social Security benefits after the death of their spouse and to benefits under laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 384. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE WAGES FOR AMERICAN WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reaffirming the ability of States to adopt minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage level commensurate with the cost of living in the State, which may include the adoption of pro-employment and wage-increasing policies by providing pro-growth tax relief and eliminating exces-sive government mandates, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2127 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 385. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DETERRING THE MIGRA-TION OF UNACCOMPANIED CHIL-DREN FROM EL SALVADOR, GUATE-MALA, AND HONDURAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to deterring the attempted migra-tion of unaccompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras into the United States, which may include the expe-dited removal of unlawful entrants from non-contiguous countries, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 386. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO MIDDLE CLASS TAX RE-LIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending and expanding refund-able tax provisions that benefit working families, childless workers, and the middle class, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 387. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING PROPER ECONOMIC CONSIDERATION IN DES-IGNATION OF CRITICAL HABITAT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to critical habitat designations, which may include requirements that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service ex-amine the cumulative economic effects of the designation, such as on land or property uses or values, regional employment, or rev-enue impacts on States and units of local government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 388. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN THE NATIONAL DO- NOT-CALL REGISTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to compliance with the national do- not-call registry, which may include adjust-ing or increasing fines, providing flexibility for the relevant regulatory agency, or modi-fying the conditions of the safe harbor provi-sions, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 389. DEFICIT–NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
END ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ BAILOUTS FOR WALL STREET MEGA-BANKS (OVER $500 BILLION IN TOTAL AS-SETS). 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to any bank holding companies with over $500,000,000,000 in total assets to better protect taxpayers, including such measures as capital or leverage requirements, restric-tions on the growth, activities, or operations of a company, or divestiture of assets or op-erations of any company that is unable to present a credible plan to facilitate an or-derly bankruptcy or resolution, without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 390. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENDING WASHINGTON’S ILLEGAL EXEMPTION FROM THE PA-TIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORD-ABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that all Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all political ap-pointees of the Administration procure their health insurance on the individual exchange in the same way as Americans at the same income level, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 391. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE RELOCATION OF THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN ISRAEL FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for United States embassies, which may include the re-location of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 392. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REVISE OR REPEAL SE-QUESTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels and lim-its in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend section 251(c) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or the enforcement procedures under section 251A of that Act to revise or repeal the discretionary spending limits and enforcement procedures established under 
those sections, relating to providing relief from sequestration and the reduction in dis-cretionary spending limits for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, split evenly between both the revised security category and the revised nonsecurity category, and offsetting such re-lief through targeted changes in mandatory or discretionary spending programs (not per-taining to Social Security) and tax expendi-tures by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. For purposes of deter-mining deficit-neutrality under this section, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the Senate may include the estimated effects of any amendment or amendments to the discretionary spending limits. 
SEC. 393. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING THE RE-TURN OF CHILDREN WHO HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ADOPTED BY UNITED STATES CITIZENS FROM THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 394. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF A NEW NUCLEAR-CAPABLE CRUISE MISSILE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the development of a new nu-clear-capable cruise missile by the Depart-ment of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 395. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE EQUITY IN THE TAX TREATMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY OF-FICER DEATH BENEFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tax equity for death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2128 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 396. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ELIMINATING THE BACK-LOG OF SEXUAL ASSAULT EVIDENCE KITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits, which may include au-diting the hidden backlog of untested sexual assault kits and ensuring that the collection and processing of DNA evidence by law en-forcement agencies from crimes is carried out in an appropriate and timely manner, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 397. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO MIXED OXIDE FUEL FAB-RICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation 
would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 398. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REFORMING OFFICES OF INSPECTORS GENERAL AND PRE-VENTING EXTENDED VACANCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening and reforming Fed-eral Offices of Inspectors General, reducing vacancies in such Offices, and providing for improvements in the overall economy, effi-ciency, and effectiveness of Inspectors Gen-eral by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING RETIRE-MENT SECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving retirement security by making it easier for small businesses to pro-vide retirement plans for their employees by easing the administrative burden and by en-couraging individuals to increase their sav-ings by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399a. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE THE COMPETITIVENESS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving basic science research and development programs in the United 
States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399b. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT THE CONSERVATION OF NORTHERN LONG-EARED BAT POPULATIONS AND LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT ARE COMPATIBLE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), which may in-clude requirements that State conservation plans relating to the northern long-eared bat are given maximum flexibility to be success-ful so as to preserve and protect local and rural economies before any Federal listing decision is made with respect to the north-ern long-eared bat, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399c. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE CYBERSECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased sharing of cybersecu-rity threat information while protecting in-dividual privacy and civil liberties interests, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399d. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ALLOW THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION AND FEDERAL BU-REAU OF INVESTIGATION TO ENTER INTO JOINT TASK FORCES WITH TRIBAL AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration and Federal Bureau of Investigation entering into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399e. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING COST SAVINGS IN OFFICE SPACE USED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies, which may include encouraging Federal agencies to uti-lize office space unused by the Federal Gov-ernment before purchasing or renting addi-tional space, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399f. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL BUSINESSES AND ASPIRING ENTREPRENEURS THROUGH SMALL BUSINESS DEVEL-OPMENT CENTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399g. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT MED-ICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEET THE NEEDS OF WOMEN VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399h. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING EFFICIENT RESOURCING FOR THE ASIA REBAL-ANCE POLICY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding related to sup-porting efficient resourcing for the Asia re-balance policy by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399i. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PREVENTING ACCESS TO MARIJUANA EDIBLES BY CHILDREN IN STATES THAT HAVE DECRIMINAL-IZED MARIJUANA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2129 April 13, 2015 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to preventing access to edible mari-juana products by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399j. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING MORTGAGE LENDING TO RURAL AREAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing mortgage lending to rural areas by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399k. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF ARCTIC POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399l. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO RESEARCHING HEALTH CONDITIONS OF THE DESCENDANTS OF VETERANS EXPOSED TO TOXIC SUBSTANCES DURING SERVICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399m. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO RAISING THE FAMILY OF FUNDS LIMIT OF THE SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Small Business Investment Company Program of the Small Business Ad-ministration, which may include raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 399n. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DETECTION, INVESTIGA-TION, AND PROSECUTION OF THE OWNERS AND OPERATORS OF WEBSITES WHO KNOWINGLY ALLOW SUCH WEBSITES TO BE USED TO AD-VERTISE COMMERCIAL SEX WITH CHILDREN OVER THE INTERNET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to online child sex trafficking, which may include the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of the owners and oper-ators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet, by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399o. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
SUPPORT STATE DROUGHT PREVEN-TION PLANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to assisting the States in carrying out drought prevention plans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399p. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROTECTING THE RELI-ABILITY OF THE ELECTRICITY GRID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or issuing any regula-tion that would reduce the reliability of the electricity grid by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399q. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PRESERVE AND PROTECT THE OPEN INTERNET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the open Internet and promoting further innovation and invest-ment in Internet services, content, infra-structure, and technologies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399r. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE FED-ERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) creating an effective mechanism for the 
review of the existing Federal regulatory burden to identify rules for repeal or modi-fication that— 
(A) impose paperwork burdens that could 
be reduced substantially without signifi-cantly diminishing regulatory effectiveness; 
(B) impose disproportionately high costs 
on small businesses; 
(C) could be strengthened in their effec-
tiveness while reducing regulatory costs; 
(D) have been rendered obsolete by techno-
logical or market changes; 
(E) have achieved their goals and can be re-
pealed without target problems recurring; 
(F) impose the greatest opportunity costs 
in terms of economic growth; 
(G) are ineffective; (H) overlap, duplicate, or conflict with 
other Federal regulations or with State or local regulations; or 
(I) impose costs that are not justified by 
benefits produced for society within the United States; 
(2) reforming the process by which new reg-
ulations are made by Federal agencies, in-cluding independent agencies, for the pur-poses of— 
(A) prioritizing early public outreach in 
the rulemaking process; 
(B) ensuring the use of the best available 
scientific, economic, and technical data; 
(C) preventing the misuse of guidance doc-
uments to skirt public input; 
(D) ensuring the use of best practices for 
regulatory analysis, including cost-benefit analysis, into each step of the rulemaking process; 
(E) facilitating the adoption by Federal 
agencies of the least costly regulatory alter-native that would achieve the goals of the statutory authorization; 
(F) ensuring more careful consideration of 
proposed high-cost rules; 
(G) ensuring effective oversight of the Fed-
eral regulatory program, including inde-pendent regulatory commissions, by the Of-fice of Information and Regulatory Affairs; 
(H) improving the consideration of adverse 
impacts on small businesses; 
(I) providing greater transparency in the 
rulemaking process; and 
(J) improving compliance with section 515 
of the Treasury and General Government Ap-propriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2736A–153) (commonly known as the ‘‘Information Quality Act’’), the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), and chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’); 
(3) enhancing accountability by facili-
tating fair and effective judicial review of agency actions; and 
(4) ensuring that Congress can effectively 
exercise its appropriate role in the regu-latory process through legislation and over-sight; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2130 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 399s. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING COVERAGE OF VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPIES AS A COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENING TEST UNDER THE MEDICARE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screen-ing test under the Medicare program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399t. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO STRENGTHENING WA-TERBORNE COMMERCE IN OUR PORTS AND HARBORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening waterborne com-merce in our ports and harbors, which may include increasing the amounts expended from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund that are dedicated to port infrastructure and maintenance in accordance with section 2101(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121), by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399u. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE MODERNIZATION OF THE NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS ARCHITEC-TURE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to modernizing the triad of strategic nuclear delivery systems, the nuclear com-mand and control system, and the nuclear weapons stockpile, and supporting related infrastructure, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399v. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO BARDA AND THE BIO-SHIELD SPECIAL RESERVE FUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our national secu-rity, which may include fully funding the Biomedical Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority and the BioShield Special Reserve Fund by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 399w. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE NU-CLEAR FORCES AND MISSIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the nuclear force improvement program of the Air Force by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399x. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB CREATION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting economic growth and job creation by making it easier for small businesses to plan their capital investments and reducing the uncertainty of taxation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399y. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE DEFINITION OF FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to the employer penalties under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), which may include changes to the definition of ‘‘full time em-ployee’’ under that Act, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399z. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE EFFEC-TIVENESS AND EFFICIENCY OF THE FEDERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399aa. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
EXPEDITE AWARDS UNDER THE IN-TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHIS-TLEBLOWER PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the processing of award submis-sions, which may include the Internal Rev-enue Service whistleblower program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399bb. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENCOURAGING THE INCREASED USE OF PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING IN FEDERAL FACILI-TIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399cc. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTIGATIONS RELATING TO SUBSTANDARD HEALTH CARE, DE-LAYED AND DENIED HEALTH CARE, PATIENT DEATHS, OTHER FINDINGS THAT DIRECTLY RELATE TO PA-TIENT CARE, AND OTHER MANAGE-MENT ISSUES OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investiga-tions relating to substandard health care, de-layed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399dd. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ADDRESS THE DISPROPOR-TIONATE REGULATORY BURDENS ON COMMUNITY BANKS AND CREDIT UNIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating disproportionate reg-ulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2131 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 399ee. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERV-ICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Corporation for National and Community Service, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ff. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE ATTORNEYS COMPLY WITH DISCLOSURE OBLIGA-TIONS IN CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that all Department of Justice attorneys comply with all legal and ethical obligations in criminal prosecutions, which may include legislation that ensures the disclosure to the defendant in a timely manner of all information known to the Gov-ernment that tends to negate the guilt of the defendant, mitigate the offense charged or the sentence imposed, or impeach the Gov-ernment’s witnesses or evidence, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399gg. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROMOTE BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in precision medicine and biomedical research, which may include increasing funding to account for inflation, to support finding ways to pre-vent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other life-threatening or chronic illnesses, and to provide long- term cost savings to the Federal Govern-ment, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399hh. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ADDRESS THE HEROIN AND METHAMPHETAMINE ABUSE EPI-DEMIC IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding efforts to combat her-oin and methamphetamine abuse in the United States without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ii. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING ACCESS TO NECESSARY EQUIPMENT FOR MEDI-CARE BENEFICIARIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that Medicare beneficiaries have access to equipment like eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and speech gener-ating devices by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399jj. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRIORITIZING THE CONSTRUCTION OF INFRASTRUC-TURE PROJECTS THAT ARE OF NA-TIONAL AND REGIONAL SIGNIFI-CANCE AND PROJECTS IN HIGH PRI-ORITY CORRIDORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the prioritization of the Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States on projects that are of na-tional and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors of the National Highway System by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399kk. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENCOURAGING THE UNITED STATES’ NATO ALLIES TO REVERSE DECLINES IN DEFENSE SPENDING AND BEAR A MORE PRO-PORTIONATE BURDEN FOR ENSUR-ING THE SECURITY OF NATO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate bur-den for ensuring the security of NATO by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE INVESTIGATION AND RECOVERY OF MISSING WEAP-ONS AND MILITARY EQUIPMENT PROVIDED TO THE GOVERNMENT OF YEMEN BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the investigation and to the ex-tent practicable the recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to 
the Government of Yemen by the United States Government to ensure that such items are not in the possession of or used by radical extremist groups operating in the country by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399mm. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING HIGHER EDUCATION DATA AND TRANS-PARENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving higher education data and transparency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399nn. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING PRO-GRAMS FUNDED BY THE OLDER AMERICANS ACT OF 1965. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting programs under the Older Americans Act of 1965, which may in-clude supporting congregate and home-deliv-ered meals programs, or other programs of assistance to low-income older individuals, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399oo. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO NATIVE CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Native children, which may in-clude establishing a commission to examine existing Federal programs to improve the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of services deliv-ered to Native children to improve out-comes, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-
cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399pp. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CON-SUMERS FROM DATA BREACHES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating protecting the personal information of consumers from data breaches, which may include providing notification to affected consumers or enhancing data security pro-grams, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2132 April 13, 2015 
such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399qq. DEFICIT-REDUCTION RESERVE FUND 
FOR GOVERNMENT REFORM AND EF-FICIENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving savings through the use of performance data or scientifically rig-orous evaluation methodologies for the elimination, consolidation, or reform of Fed-eral programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives, or the sale of Federal property, and re-duce the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as-you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the deficit reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit reduction achieved. 
SEC. 399rr. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MEDICAL TREATMENT AND COMPENSATION FOR FIRST RE-SPONDERS, SURVIVORS, AND THEIR FAMILIES INJURED AND MADE ILL BY THE 9/11 ATTACKS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the September 11th terrorism at-tacks at the World Trade Center, the Pen-tagon, and the Shanksville Crash site, which may include legislation that extends medical monitoring and treatment services and com-pensation for first responders, survivors, and their families, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ss. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF NATIVE AMERICAN SCHOOLS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to construction of Native American schools, which may include replacement school construction that replaces the en-tirety or majority of a school campus or re-placement facility construction that re-places individual buildings that are beyond cost-effective repair measures, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399tt. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING THE GUAR-ANTEE THRESHOLD FOR THE SUR-ETY BOND GUARANTEE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to the Surety Bond Guarantee Pro-gram of the Small Business Administration, which may include exploring or raising the range for surety bonds, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399uu. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INDO-PACIFIC PART-NER CAPACITY BUILDING AND STRATEGY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting a comprehensive multi-year partner capacity building and se-curity cooperation plan in the Indo-Pacific region, including for a regional maritime do-main awareness architecture and for bilat-eral and multilateral exercises, port calls, and training activities of the United States Armed Forces and Coast Guard to further a comprehensive strategy to strengthen United States alliances and partnerships, freedom of navigation, and the unimpeded access to the maritime commons of the Asia- Pacific by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399vv. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ADDRESSING METH-AMPHETAMINE ABUSE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing methamphetamine abuse in the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ww. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving theatre security co-operation goals, which may include funding for the National Guard State Partnership Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399xx. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE PRE-VENTION AND TREATMENT OF AGRI-CULTURAL VIRUS OUTBREAKS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the improvement of prevention and treatment measures to mitigate agricul-tural impacts from an agricultural virus out-break, such as the impacts seen from the avian influenza outbreak, which may include investments in vaccine development or re-search in pathway analysis, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399yy. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPORTANCE OF FINANCIAL LITERACY EDUCATION TO ALLOW INDIVIDUALS TO MAKE INFORMED AND EFFECTIVE DECI-SIONS WITH THEIR FINANCIAL RE-SOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to financial literacy education, which may include improvements to finan-cial literacy education curricula in schools or which may improve the capacity of teach-ers to provide effective financial literacy education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399zz. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO COMPREHENSIVE MENTAL HEALTH REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to comprehensive mental health re-form, which may include legislation that provides increased access to individuals suf-fering from mental illness and greater work-force opportunities for mental health profes-sionals, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399aaa. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING ORAL HEALTH CARE FOR CHILDREN AND PREGNANT WOMEN UNDER MED-ICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives that would improve oral health care for children and pregnant women under the Medicaid program by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399bbb. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2133 April 13, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the protection, preservation, or restoration of the National Park System, which may include a National Park Centen-nial Fund or other dedicated funding, for in-frastructure or natural, cultural, or historic resource preservation and programs in units of the National Park System, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ccc. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING COLLEGE COMPLETION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing college completion, which may include expanding Federal Pell Grant eligibility by allowing college stu-dents to use Federal Pell Grants for more than 2 semesters in an academic year by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ddd. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENCOURAGING FREIGHT PLANNING AND INVEST-MENT THAT INCORPORATES ALL MODES OF TRANSPORTATION, IN-CLUDING RAIL, WATERWAYS, PORTS, AND HIGHWAYS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports to encourage freight planning and invest-ment that incorporates all modes of trans-portation including rail, waterways, ports and highways, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399eee. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATED TO PROVIDING FOR FULL FUNDING FOR AT-SEA AND DOCK-SIDE MONITORING FOR CERTAIN FISHERIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to supporting at-sea and dockside monitoring for fisheries that have received economic disaster assistance by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399fff. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRAINING AND RE-SOURCES FOR FIRST RESPONDERS RESPONDING TO HAZARDOUS MATE-RIALS INCIDENTS ON RAILROADS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the establishment of a public-pri-vate partnership tasked with reviewing training and funding allocations for first re-sponders responding to hazardous materials incidents on railroads, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ggg. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENHANCING AND IM-PROVING THE UNITED STATES PAT-ENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE IN ORDER TO REDUCE THE APPLICA-TION BACKLOG. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing and improving the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to reduce the patent application backlog by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399hhh. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR INTERNATIONAL STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for international counter-propaganda communications in order to combat misinformation, undermine ideologies of violence and hatred, and ensure moderate voices are heard, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399iii. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming and strengthening ele-mentary and secondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399jjj. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN RURAL AND TRIBAL WATER INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the authority of the Secretary of 
the Interior to designate funds for water projects, which may include authorized rural water projects or tribal water rights settle-ments or irrigation projects, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399kkk. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATED TO SEXUAL ASSAULT AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to sexual assault at institutions of higher education, which may include the im-plementation of an independent and stand-ardized online survey tool developed and ad-
ministered by the Department of Education, in consultation with the Department of Jus-tice, to measure the prevalence of sexual as-sault at institutions of higher education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SIMPLIFYING AND EX-PANDING TAX INCENTIVES FOR HIGHER EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to simplifying and expanding tax in-centives for higher education to boost stu-dent attendance and completion at colleges and vocational schools, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399mmm. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AUTHORIZING CHIL-DREN ELIGIBLE FOR HEALTH CARE UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RETAIN SUCH ELIGIBILITY UNTIL AGE 26. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting children who are eligi-ble to receive health care furnished under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, including by allowing such children to retain such eligibility until age 26, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399nnn. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING WORK-FORCE DEVELOPMENT THROUGH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2134 April 13, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funds for programs that support workforce development through apprenticeships, and providing additional funds to the Office of Apprenticeship of the Department of Labor to expand apprentice-ship programs nationally, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ooo. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PRIORITIZATION OF BROAD-BASED CRIMINAL JUS-TICE REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to broad-based criminal justice re-form by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ppp. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO STRENGTHENING THE ECONOMY BY ACCELERATING THE TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES FROM LABORATORIES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY AND THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO THE MARKETPLACE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening the economy by accelerating the transfer of technologies from laboratories of the Department of En-ergy and the Department of Defense to the marketplace by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399qqq. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING TRADE AND TRAVEL AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry, which may include construc-tion at ports of entry or increased staffing at ports of entry, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399rrr. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPOSING SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN PER-SONS RESPONSIBLE FOR GROSS VIO-LATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS OR SIGNIFICANT ACTS OF CORRUPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross viola-tions of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399sss. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to student loan reform, which may include establishing a policy of risk-sharing to require institutions of higher education to assume some of the risk for student loans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ttt. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE TIGER DISCRETIONARY GRANT PROGRAM OF THE DEPART-MENT OF TRANSPORTATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in the Transportation Investment Generating Eco-nomic Recovery (‘‘TIGER’’) discretionary grant program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399uuu. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING THE USE OF COLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the use of college sav-ings accounts while students are in elemen-tary school and secondary school, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399vvv. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A NEW OUTCOME-BASED PROCESS FOR AU-THORIZING INNOVATIVE HIGHER EDUCATION PROVIDERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting innovation in higher education, which may include establishing a new outcome-based process for authorizing innovative higher education providers to participate in programs under title IV of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399www. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING COMMU-NITY RELATIONS WITH LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to community policing, which may include increasing the number of law en-forcement officers who walk patrols that en-able them to interact and build relationships with community members, increasing and improving training for law enforcement offi-cers, encouraging the responsible and care-fully considered use of body cameras and their recordings by law enforcement officers, encouraging law enforcement to de-escalate confrontations whenever feasible, and ensur-ing that prosecutions of law enforcement of-ficers are fair and impartial, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399xxx. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO SUPPORT RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in scientific research and development, which may in-clude supporting biomedical research to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other life- threatening or chronic illnesses, providing long-term cost savings to the Federal Gov-ernment, and supporting national security, basic energy research, innovative solutions, and American competitiveness, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399yyy. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE, WHICH SHOULD INCLUDE THE PROVISION OF LETHAL DEFEN-SIVE ARTICLES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding to support the Government of Ukraine in reestablishing its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which should include the provision of lethal defen-sive articles, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2135 April 13, 2015 
SEC. 399zzz. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING TO COMBAT ANTI-SEMITISM IN EU-ROPE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for programs to counter anti-Semitic activity in Europe, which may include efforts to empower civil society, including diverse religious and eth-nic groups, civil and human rights organiza-tions, and the business community, to fight anti-Semitism and discrimination and con-vening regular consultations with Jewish community organizations and non-Jewish civil and human rights organizations to dem-onstrate visible support, listen to concerns, and solicit recommendations on improving security and supporting victims, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399aaaa. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROVIDE STUDENTS AND FAMI-LIES WITH TRANSPARENT, EASILY UNDERSTOOD POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION FINANCIAL AID INFOR-MATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing students and families with transparent, easily understood informa-tion about postsecondary education financial aid by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399bbbb. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING ADE-QUATE FUNDING FOR THE CON-TRACT TOWER PROGRAM OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing full and dedicated fund-ing for the Contract Tower Program of the Federal Aviation Administration by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399cccc. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO UNDERGROUND AND SURFACE MINING SAFETY AND HEALTH RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to underground and surface mining safety and health research by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-
riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399dddd. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN AD-VANCED FOSSIL ENERGY TECH-NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investing in advanced fossil en-ergy technology research and development at the Department of Energy, to reduce the impacts of climate change while ensuring the reliability of the electric grid, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399eeee. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUNDS 
RELATING TO FOREIGN PERSONS. 
(a) D EFICIT -NEUTRAL RESERVE FUNDRELAT -
ING TO IMPOSING SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO  
FOREIGN PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR GROSS 
VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED  
HUMAN RIGHTS OR SIGNIFICANT ACTS OF COR-
RUPTION .—The Chairman of the Committee 
on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments be-tween the Houses, motions, or conference re-ports relating to imposing sanctions with re-spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corrup-tion by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(b) D
EFICIT -NEUTRAL RESERVE FUNDRELAT -
ING TO INTERAGENCY COOPERATION .—The 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relat-ing to interagency cooperation, which may include expedited interagency cooperation to identify foreign nationals subject to sanc-tions under title IV of the Russia and Moldova Jackson-Vanik Repeal and Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–208), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 399ffff. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SPECIAL TREATMENT OF THE INCOME TAX CREDIT FOR RESEARCH EXPENDITURES FOR STARTUP COMPANIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-
vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS 
Subtitle A—Budget Enforcement 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT OF 
BUDGETARY POINTS OF ORDER IN THE SENATE. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET  
ACT OF 1974 P OINTS OF ORDER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), subsections (c)(2) and (d)(3) of section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 note) shall remain in effect for purposes of Senate en-forcement through September 30, 2025. 
(2) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 205 of 
S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply. 
(b) O
THER POINTS OF ORDER .— 
(1) P AY-AS-YOU-GO.—Section 201(d) of S. 
Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, is repealed. 
(2) I
NCREASING SHORT -TERM DEFICIT .—Sec-
tion 404(e) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010, is repealed. 
SEC. 402. SENATE POINT OF ORDER AGAINST 
LEGISLATION INCREASING LONG- TERM DEFICITS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ANAL-
YSIS OF PROPOSALS .—The Director of the 
Congressional Budget Office shall, to the ex-tent practicable, prepare for each bill and joint resolution reported from committee (except measures within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Appropriations), and amendments thereto, amendments between the Houses in relation thereto, and con-
ference reports thereon, an estimate of whether the measure would cause, relative to current law, a net increase in on-budget deficits in excess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 consecutive 10-year periods beginning with the first fiscal year that is 10 years after the budget year provided for in the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget. 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cause a net in-crease in on-budget deficits in excess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 consecutive 10- year periods described in subsection (a). 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THESENATE .— 
(1) W AIVER .—Subsection (b) may be waived 
or suspended only by the affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
(d) L
IMITATION .—The provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, motions, amendment be-tween the Houses, or conference reports for which the chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate has made adjustments to the allocations, levels, or limits contained in this resolution pursuant to section 303(1). 
(e) D
ETERMINATIONS OF BUDGET LEVELS .— 
For purposes of this section, the levels of net deficit increases shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. 
(f) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 311 of S. 
Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2136 April 13, 2015 
resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2009, 
shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 403. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ADVANCE 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) P OINT OF ORDER .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would provide an advance appropriation for a dis-cretionary account. 
(2) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘advance appropriation’’ means any new budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2016, or any new budget au-thority provided in a bill or joint resolution making general appropriations or continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2017. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Advance appropriations 
may be provided— 
(1) for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 for pro-
grams, projects, activities, or accounts iden-tified in the joint explanatory statement of managers accompanying this resolution under the heading ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations’’ in an aggregate amount not to exceed $28,852,000,000 in new budget authority in each year; 
(2) for the Corporation for Public Broad-
casting; and 
(3) for the Department of Veterans Affairs 
for the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities ac-counts of the Veterans Health Administra-tion. 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
(1) W AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
(d) F
ORM OF POINT OF ORDER .—A point of 
order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). 
(e) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-
ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this section, and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its 
amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. 
SEC. 404. SUPERMAJORITY ENFORCEMENT OF 
UNFUNDED MANDATES. 
Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 425(a) of 
the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658d(a)) shall be subject to the waiver and appeal requirements of subsections (c)(2) and (d)(3), respectively, of section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 note). SEC. 405. REPEAL OF SENATE POINT OF ORDER 
AGAINST CERTAIN RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION. 
Section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply in the Senate. 
SEC. 406. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CHANGES IN 
MANDATORY PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘CHIMP’’ means a provision that— 
(1) would have been estimated as affecting 
direct spending or receipts under section 252 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 902) (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) if the pro-vision was included in legislation other than an appropriations bill or joint resolution; and 
(2) does not result in a net decrease in out-
lays over the period of the total of the cur-rent year, the budget year, and all fiscal years covered under the most recently adopt-ed concurrent resolution on the budget. 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not 
be in order to consider an appropriations bill or joint resolution, or an amendment to, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution, that contains a CHIMP that, if enacted, would cause the total budget au-thority of all such CHIMPs enacted in rela-tion to a fiscal year to be more than the amount specified in paragraph (2). 
(2) A
MOUNT .—The amount specified in this 
paragraph is— 
(A) for fiscal year 2016, $19,000,000,000; (B) for fiscal year 2017, $16,000,000,000; (C) for fiscal year 2018, $12,000,000,000; (D) for fiscal year 2019, $8,000,000,000; (E) for fiscal year 2020, $4,000,000,000; and (F) for fiscal year 2021, and each fiscal year 
thereafter, $0. 
(c) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination of 
whether a provision is subject to a point of order under subsection (b) shall be made by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the Senate. 
(d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
Subsection (b) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
(e) R
EPEAL .—In the Senate, section 314 of 
S. Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2009, shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 407. PROHIBITION ON AGREEING TO LEGIS-
LATION WITHOUT A SCORE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not 
be in order to vote on passage of matter that requires an estimate described in section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653), unless such estimate was made publicly available on the website of the Con-gressional Budget Office not later than 28 hours before the time the vote commences. 
(b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
(1) W AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 408. PROTECTING THE SAVINGS IN RE-
PORTED RECONCILIATION BILLS. 
In the Senate, section 310(d)(1) of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 641(d)(1)) shall apply and may be waived in accordance with the procedures applicable to a point of order raised under section 310(d)(2) 
of such Act. 
SEC. 409. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST EXCEEDING 
FUNDS DESIGNATED FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a provision in any bill, joint resolution, amendment, mo-tion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that designates for over-seas contingency operations, in accordance with section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)), funds that would cause the total amount of funds des-ignated for overseas contingency oper-ations— 
(1) for fiscal year 2016, to be more than 
$57,997,000,000; or 
(2) for fiscal year 2017, to be more than 
$59,500,000,000. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination of 
whether a provision is subject to a point of order under this section shall be made by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
(d) F
ORM OF POINT OF ORDER .—A point of 
order under this section may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). 
(e) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-
ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator under this section, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report or amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amend-ment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that por-tion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion shall be debat-able. In any case in which such point of order 
is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such con-ference report by operation of this sub-section), no further amendment shall be in order. 
SEC. 410. SENATE POINT OF ORDER AGAINST 
PROVISIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS LEGISLATION THAT CONSTITUTE CHANGES IN MANDATORY PRO-GRAMS AFFECTING THE CRIME VIC-TIMS FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not 
be in order to consider any appropriations legislation, including any amendment there-to, motion in relation thereto, or conference report thereon, that includes any provision or provisions affecting the Crime Victims Fund, as defined by section 1402 of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601), which constitutes a change in a mandatory program that would have been estimated as affecting direct spending or receipts under section 252 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (as in effect prior to September 30, 2002) were they included in legislation other than appropria-tions legislation. A point of order pursuant to this section shall be raised against such provision or provisions as described in sub-sections (d) and (e). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2137 April 13, 2015 
(b) D ETERMINATION .—The determination of 
whether a provision is subject to a point of order pursuant to this section shall be made by the Committee on the Budget of the Sen-ate. 
(c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
(d) G
ENERAL POINT OF ORDER .—It shall be 
in order for a Senator to raise a single point of order that several provisions of a bill, res-olution, amendment, motion, or conference report violate this section. The Presiding Of-ficer may sustain the point of order as to some or all of the provisions against which the Senator raised the point of order. If the Presiding Officer so sustains the point of order as to some of the provisions (including provisions of an amendment, motion, or con-ference report) against which the Senator raised the point of order, then only those provisions (including provision of an amend-ment, motion, or conference report) against which the Presiding Officer sustains the point of order shall be deemed stricken pur-suant to this section. Before the Presiding Officer rules on such a point of order, any Senator may move to waive such a point of order as it applies to some or all of the provi-sions against which the point of order was raised. Such a motion to waive is amendable in accordance with rules and precedents of the Senate. After the Presiding Officer rules on such a point of order, any Senator may appeal the ruling of the Presiding Officer on such a point of order as it applies to some or all of the provisions on which the Presiding 
Officer ruled. 
(e) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—When 
the Senate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in relation to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this section, and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or amend-ment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a fur-ther amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion shall be debat-able. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such con-ference report by operation of this sub-section), no further amendment shall be in order. 
SEC. 411. ACCURACY IN BUDGET ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) T IMING SHIFTS .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘timing shift’’ means— 
(A) a delay of the date on which outlays 
flowing from direct spending would other-wise occur from 1 fiscal year to the next fis-cal year; or 
(B) an acceleration of the date on which 
revenues would otherwise occur from 1 fiscal year to the previous fiscal year. 
(2) S
CORING .—In the Senate, the Chairman 
of the Committee on the Budget shall not count timing shifts in estimating the budg-etary effects of a bill, joint resolution, mo-tion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report for purposes of enforcing— 
(A) the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
U.S.C. 621 et seq.); (B) any allocation, aggregate, or level 
under a concurrent resolution on the budget; or 
(C) any written statement submitted for 
printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate that establishes allocations, ag-gregates, and levels for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION OF RESCISSIONS THATDON’T 
SAVEMONEY .—In the Senate, the Chairman 
of the Committee on the Budget shall not count any rescission of budget authority or contract authority that does not have an ef-fect on outlays in estimating the changes in budget authority, outlays, or revenues of a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report for purposes of enforcing— 
(1) the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
U.S.C. 621 et seq.); 
(2) any allocation, aggregate, or level 
under a concurrent resolution on the budget; or 
(3) any written statement submitted for 
printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate that establishes allocations, ag-gregates, and levels for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
SEC. 412. FAIR VALUE ESTIMATES. 
Any estimate prepared by the Director of 
the Congressional Budget Office for a bill, joint, resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report under the terms of title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), shall include, when prac-ticable, an additional estimate of the cost, measured on a fair value basis, of changes that would affect the amount or terms of new Federal loans or loan guarantees or of modifications to existing Federal loans or loan guarantees arising from the bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report. 
SEC. 413. HONEST ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B UDGET .—The term ‘‘budget’’ means— 
(A) a concurrent resolution on the budget; 
or 
(B) a written statement submitted for 
printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate that establishes allocations, ag-gregates, and levels for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
(2) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .—The term ‘‘budg-
etary effects’’ means changes in budget au-thority, outlays, or revenues. 
(3) M
AJOR LEGISLATION .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—The term ‘‘major legisla-
tion’’ means any bill, resolution, conference report, or treaty— 
(i) for which an estimate is prepared under 
section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) that indicates that not less than 1 of the amounts described in sub-paragraph (B), before incorporating macro-economic effects, is greater than $15,000,000,000 in any fiscal year of the esti-mate; or 
(ii) designated as major legislation by the 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate or the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(B) A
MOUNTS .—The amounts described in 
this subparagraph are— 
(i) the sum of the individual positive 
changes in budgetary effects, not including timing shifts, resulting from such measure; and 
(ii) the sum of the absolute value of the in-
dividual negative budgetary effects, not in-cluding timing shifts, resulting from such measure. (4) T
IMING SHIFTS .—The term ‘‘timing 
shifts’’ means— 
(A) a delay of the date on which outlays 
flowing from direct spending would other-wise occur from one fiscal year to the next fiscal year; or 
(B) an acceleration of the date on which 
revenues would otherwise occur from one fis-cal year to the next fiscal year. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR CBO E STIMATES .—An 
estimate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for any major legislation shall provide, in addition to the estimate of budgetary effects without macroeconomic effects, an estimate of the budgetary effects from changes in eco-nomic output, employment, interest rates, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from the major legisla-tion. The total budgetary effects shall delin-eate between revenue and outlay effects. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR JCT E STIMATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An estimate provided by 
the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 601(f)) for any major legislation shall provide, in addition to the estimate of budgetary effects without macroeconomic effects, an estimate of the budgetary effects from changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, interest rates, and other macroeconomic variables re-sulting from the major legislation and an es-timate of the distributional effects across in-come categories resulting from major legis-lation. 
(2) D
ELINEATION .—The total budgetary ef-
fects shall delineate between revenue and outlay effects. 
(d) C
ONTENTS OF ESTIMATES .—An estimate 
required to be provided under subsection (b) or (c) shall include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-
etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsections (b) and (c)) of the major legislation in the 20-fiscal year pe-riod beginning after the last fiscal year of the most recently adopted budget that sets forth appropriate levels required under sec-tion 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632); and 
(2) an identification of the assumptions 
and the source of data underlying the esti-mate. 
SEC. 414. CURRENCY MODERNIZATION. 
In the Senate, for purposes of enforcing the 
Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), any allocation, aggregate, or level under a concurrent resolution on the budget, or any written statement submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate that establishes allocations, ag-gregates, and levels for purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, any es-timate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report relating to a transition from the $1 note to a $1 coin shall— 
(1) record the changes in budget authority, 
outlays, and revenues of the provision in the first year in which the provision takes effect; 
(2) determine the changes in budget au-
thority, outlays, and revenues of the provi-sion based on a net present value estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of the provision over a 30-year period; and 
(3) incorporate the changes in budget au-
thority, outlays, and revenues of the provi-sion due to behavioral changes. 
SEC. 415. CERTAIN ENERGY CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered energy savings contract’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2138 April 13, 2015 
(1) an energy savings performance contract 
authorized under section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287); and 
(2) a utility energy service contract, as de-
scribed in the Office of Management and Budget Memorandum on Federal use of en-ergy savings performance contracting, dated July 25, 1998 (M–98–13), and the Office of Man-agement and Budget Memorandum on the Federal use of energy saving performance contracts and utility energy service con-tracts, dated September 28, 2012 (M–12–21), or any successor to either memorandum. 
(b) E
STIMATES .—In the Senate, for purposes 
of enforcing any point of order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolu-tion on the budget, any estimate by the Con-gressional Budget Office of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of a provision in a bill, joint resolution, amend-ment, conference report, or amendment be-tween the Houses modifying the authority to enter, the scope or terms of, or the use of covered energy savings contracts shall— 
(1) record in the first year in which the au-
thority would become effective, the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues (as estimated in accordance with paragraph (2)) of any modifications to the authority to enter the covered energy savings contracts; 
(2) in estimating the changes in budget au-
thority, outlays, and revenues of the legisla-tion, calculate the costs and savings arising from covered contracts on a net present value basis by adding market risk over the useful life of the services or product to the discount rate in section 502(5)(E) of the Fed-eral Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5)(E)); and 
(3) classify the effects of the provision to 
be changes in spending subject to the avail-ability of appropriations. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (b) shall be construed to modify the methodology for estimating the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues of a provision that does not relate to covered energy savings contracts in a bill, joint reso-lution, amendment, conference report, or amendment between the Houses that con-tains a provision described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 416. LONG-TERM SCORING. 
(a) S CORING OF LEGISLATION INCREASING  
THEDISCRETIONARY SPENDING CAPS.—An esti-
mate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for any bill, resolution, amendment between the Houses, 
or conference report that increases the dis-cretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)) shall provide, in addition to the estimate under that section, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, or rev-enues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045. 
(b) S
CORING OF LEGISLATION RELATING TO  
THEHIGHWAY TRUST FUND.—An estimate pro-
vided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for any bill, reso-lution, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that transfers amounts from the General Fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall provide, in ad-dition to the estimate under that section, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, or revenues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045. 
SEC. 417. REQUIRING CLEARER REPORTING OF 
PROJECTED FEDERAL SPENDING AND DEFICITS. 
When the Congressional Budget Office re-
leases its annual update to the Budget and Economic Outlook, the Congressional Budg-
et Office shall provide a projection of Fed-eral revenues, outlays, and deficits for the 30-year period beginning with the budget year, expressed in terms of dollars and as a percent of gross domestic product, as part of its annual update required by Public Law 93– 344. 
SEC. 418. REPORTING ON TAX EXPENDITURES. 
The Director of the Congressional Budget 
Office shall include in the report submitted under section 202(e)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 the following: 
(1) An estimate of the cost of tax expendi-
tures as a share of gross domestic product for the budget year and the 9 years following the budget year. 
(2) Historical data on the cost of tax ex-
penditures as a share of gross domestic prod-uct for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 1965 and ending with the budget year. 
SEC. 419. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI-
MATES. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR SUPPLEMENTAL ESTI-
MATES .—In the case of any legislative provi-
sion to which this section applies, the Con-
gressional Budget Office shall prepare, to the extent practicable, an estimate of the outlay changes during the second and third decade of enactment. 
(b) L
EGISLATIVE PROVISIONS TO WHICH THIS 
SECTION APPLIES .—This section shall apply 
to any spending legislative provision— 
(1) which proposes a change or changes to 
law that the Congressional Budget Office de-termines has an outlay impact in excess of 0.25 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the first decade or in the tenth year; or 
(2) with respect to which the Chairman of 
the Committee on the Budget of either the Senate or the House of Representatives has requested an estimate described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 420. TO REQUIRE TRANSPARENT REPORT-
ING ON THE ONGOING COSTS AND SAVINGS TO TAXPAYERS OF OBAMACARE. 
When the Congressional Budget Office re-
leases its annual update to the Budget and Economic Outlook, the Congressional Budg-et Office shall report changes in direct spending and revenue associated with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), including the net impact on deficits, including both on-budget and off- budget effects, in its annual update required by Public Law 93–344. The information shall be presented in a format similar to that of table 2 of the Congressional Budget Office’s March 20, 2010 estimate of the budgetary ef-fects of the Health Care and Educational Reconciliation Act of 2010, in combination with the effects of H.R. 3590, the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), as passed by the Senate. 
SEC. 421. PROHIBITING THE USE OF GUARANTEE 
FEES AS AN OFFSET. 
In the Senate, for purposes of determining 
budgetary impacts to evaluate points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, this resolution, any previous budget resolution, and any subsequent budget reso-lution, provisions contained in any bill, reso-lution, amendment, motion, or conference report that increases or extends the increase of, any guarantee fees of the Federal Na-tional Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall not be scored with respect to the level of budget authority, outlays, or revenues contained in such legislation. 
SEC. 422. ADJUSTMENTS FOR SEQUESTRATION 
REPLACEMENT. 
(a) M ECHANISM FOR IMPLEMENTING INCREASE  
INDISCRETIONARY LIMITS .—If a measure be-comes law that amends the discretionary 
spending limits established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)), the adjustments to discretionary spending limits under section 251(b) of that Act (2 U.S.C. 901(b)), or the enforcement procedures established under section 251A of that Act (2 U.S.C. 901a), the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall adjust the allocation called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and may adjust all other budg-etary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolution, as nec-essary, consistent with such measure, up to the amounts specified and reserved in sub-paragraph (b). 
(b) A
MOUNTS SPECIFIED AND RESERVED .— 
The amounts specified (and to be reserved from the allocation called for in section 302(a) allocation of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate until such time as the conditions specified in sub-section (a) are met are— 
(1) for fiscal year 2016— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(2) for fiscal year 2017— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom). 
SEC. 423. TO CONVEY CLEAR INFORMATION TO 
CONGRESS AND THE PUBLIC ABOUT PROJECTED FEDERAL OUTLAYS, REVENUES, AND DEFICITS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
and Economic Outlook required by section 202(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(e)), and at any other time the Congressional Budget Office releases projec-tions of Federal deficits over any term of years, the Congressional Budget Office shall publish with its projection a 1-page state-ment— 
(1) summarizing and categorizing total 
outlays, including tax expenditures, receipts, surpluses, and deficits of the Federal Govern-ment on a unified basis for that same pro-spective time period; 
(2) categorizing and subtotaling sepa-
rately— 
(A) outlays for mandatory programs and 
for discretionary programs; 
(B) outlays, tax expenditures, payroll tax 
revenue, and offsetting receipts for Social Security and for Medicare; 
(C) the surplus or deficit of revenues over 
outlays for Social Security and for Medicare; and 
(D) revenues. 
SEC. 424. ADJUSTMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRES-
SION FUNDING. 
If a measure becomes law that amends the 
adjustments to discretionary spending limits established under section 251(b) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)) for wildfire sup-pression funding, the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate may ad-just the allocation called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the appropriate committee or committees of the Senate, and may adjust all other budgetary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolu-tion, as necessary, consistent with such measure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2139 April 13, 2015 
Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
SEC. 431. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT PER-
FORMANCE. 
In the Senate, all committees are directed 
to review programs and tax expenditures within their jurisdiction to identify waste, fraud, abuse or duplication, and increase the use of performance data to inform com-mittee work. Committees are also directed to review the matters for congressional con-sideration identified in the Office of Inspec-tor General semiannual reports and the Of-fice of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented recommendations and on the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk list and the annual report to reduce program duplication. Based on these over-sight efforts and performance reviews of pro-
grams within their jurisdiction, committees are directed to include recommendations for improved governmental performance in their annual views and estimates reports required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(d)) to the Committees on the Budget. 
SEC. 432. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF CERTAIN 
DISCRETIONARY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
In the Senate, notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)(1)), section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 632 note), and section 2009a of title 39, United States Code, the joint explanatory statement accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall in-clude in its allocations under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committees on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administrative ex-penses of the Social Security Administration and of the Postal Service. 
SEC. 433. APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF 
CHANGES IN ALLOCATIONS AND AG-GREGATES. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Any adjustments of allo-
cations and aggregates made pursuant to this resolution shall— 
(1) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(2) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(3) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable. 
(b) E
FFECT OF CHANGED ALLOCATIONS AND  
AGGREGATES .—Revised allocations and ag-
gregates resulting from these adjustments shall be considered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) as allocations and aggregates con-tained in this resolution. 
(c) B
UDGET COMMITTEE DETERMINATIONS .— 
For purposes of this resolution the levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for a fiscal year or pe-riod of fiscal years shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate. 
SEC. 434. ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT CHANGES 
IN CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS. 
Upon the enactment of a bill or joint reso-
lution providing for a change in concepts or definitions, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may make ad-justments to the levels and allocations in this resolution in accordance with section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)). 
SEC. 435. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate, and as such they shall be con-sidered as part of the rules of the Senate and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the Senate to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate. 
f 
GOLD STAR WIVES DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 131. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 131) designating April 
5, 2015, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 131) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of March 26, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH WEEK 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 133 submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 133) supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Public Health Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 133) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
REMOVAL OF INJUNCTION OF SE-
CRECY—TREATY DOCUMENT NO. 114–1 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as 
in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that the injunction of secrecy be removed from the following treaty 
transmitted to the Senate on April 13, 2015, by the President of the United States: Protocol Amending the Tax Convention with Japan, Treaty Docu-ment No. 114–1. 
I further ask that the treaty be con-
sidered as having been read the first time; that it be referred, with accom-panying papers, to the Committee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be printed; and that the President’s mes-sage be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The message of the President is as 
follows: 
To the Senate of the United States: 
I transmit herewith, for the advice 
and consent of the Senate to its ratifi-cation, the Protocol Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Japan for the Avoid-ance of Double Taxation and the Pre-vention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Pro-tocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with cor-recting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013. I also transmit for the information of the Senate the report of the Department of State, which in-cludes an overview of the proposed Pro-tocol. 
The proposed Protocol was nego-
tiated to bring U.S.-Japan tax treaty relations into closer conformity with current U.S. tax treaty policy. For ex-ample, the proposed Protocol provides for an exemption from source-country withholding tax on all cross-border payments of interest, and updates the provisions of the existing Convention with respect to the mutual agreement procedure by incorporating mandatory arbitration of certain cases that the competent authorities of the United States and Japan have been unable to resolve after a reasonable period of time. 
I recommend that the Senate give 
early and favorable consideration to the proposed Protocol and give its ad-vice and consent to its ratification. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , April 13, 2015. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. I further ask that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP6.027 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2140 April 13, 2015 
Senate recess from 10:30 a.m. until 11:30 
a.m. for the all-Senators briefing and that it recess again from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:09 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
DEAN A. REUTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2016, VICE JULIE FISHER CUM-MINGS, TERM EXPIRED. 
SHAMINA SINGH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING OCTOBER 6, 2019, VICE ALAN D. SOLOMONT, RE-SIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
GABRIEL CAMARILLO, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE DANIEL GINSBERG. 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
JOYCE LOUISE CONNERY, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFE-TY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2019, VICE PETER STANLEY WINOKUR, RESIGNED. 
JOSEPH BRUCE HAMILTON, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2016, VICE KENNETH L. MOSSMAN. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
JONATHAN ELKIND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (INTERNATIONAL AF-FAIRS), VICE DAVID B. SANDALOW, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
WILLIAM A. HEIDT, OF PENNSYLVANIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF CAMBODIA. 
DAVID MALCOLM ROBINSON, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE COORDINATOR FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND STABILIZATION, VICE FRED-ERICK D. BARTON, RESIGNED. 
DAVID MALCOLM ROBINSON, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (CONFLICT AND STABILIZATION OPERATIONS), VICE FREDERICK D. BARTON, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES J. BURKS 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. BALSERAK BRIG. GEN. STEVEN J. BERRYHILL BRIG. GEN. KEVIN W. BRADLEY BRIG. GEN. PETER J. BYRNE BRIG. GEN. GRETCHEN S. DUNKELBERGER BRIG. GEN. RICHARD J. EVANS III BRIG. GEN. ROBERT M. GINNETTI BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY W. HAUSER BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM O. HILL BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH K. KIM BRIG. GEN. JEROME P. LIMOGE, JR. 
BRIG. GEN. PAUL C. MAAS, JR. BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. MCGOFF BRIG. GEN. BRIAN C. NEWBY BRIG. GEN. MARC H. SASSEVILLE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL E. STENCEL BRIG. GEN. CAROL A. TIMMONS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KYLE W. ROBINSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADES INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT D. CARLSON BRIG. GEN. DANIEL J. DIRE BRIG. GEN. MARY E. LINK BRIG. GEN. HUGH C. VAN ROOSEN 
To be brigadier general 
COL. VINCENT B. BARKER COL. LISA L. DOUMONT COL. ROBERT D. HARTER COL. JOHN F. HUSSEY COL. SCOTT R. MORCOMB COL. GERARD L. SCHWARTZ COL. RICHARD K. SELE COL. TRACY L. SMITH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
CHAPLAIN (COL.) THOMAS L. SOLHJEM 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARK L. LEAVITT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EUGENE H. BLACK III CAPT. DELL D. BULL CAPT. WILLIAM D. BYRNE, JR. CAPT. EDWARD B. CASHMAN CAPT. MOISES DELTORO III CAPT. STEPHEN C. EVANS CAPT. GREGORY J. FENTON CAPT. JOHN V. FULLER CAPT. MICHAEL P. HOLLAND CAPT. HUGH W. HOWARD III CAPT. JEFFREY W. HUGHES CAPT. THOMAS E. ISHEE CAPT. STEPHEN T. KOEHLER CAPT. YANCY B. LINDSEY CAPT. FRANCIS D. MORLEY CAPT. CATHAL S. O’CONNOR CAPT. JEFFREY E. TRUSSLER CAPT. WILLIAM W. WHEELER III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANN M. BURKHARDT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JAMES P. DOWNEY CAPT. STEPHEN F. WILLIAMSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DANELLE M. BARRETT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHAEL W. ZARKOWSKI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DAVID G. MANERO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. RONALD C. COPLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PAUL PEARIGEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANNE M. SWAP 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PETER G. STAMATOPOULOS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN W. KORKA 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TROY S. THOMAS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
LINELL A. LETENDRE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
JAMES J. RAFTERY, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
DAVID A. HARPER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
STEVEN R. ANSLEY, JR. KAREN S. HANSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BRIAN L. TICHENOR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CHERYL GOTZINGER 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AS A MEMBER OF THE COAST GUARD PERMA-NENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 188: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BRIAN J. MAGGI 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate April 13, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ALFRED H. BENNETT, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13AP6.028 S13APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E449 April 13, 2015 
RECOGNIZING MR. GREGORY L. 
REITZE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Mr. Gregory L. Reitze for his lifelong dedication as a firefighter in his community of Middletown, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Reitze has been a member of Middle-
town Fire Company for the past 50 years. His duties have ranged from Assistant Engineer to Fire Chief, in 1997 and 1998. He has been named Fireman of the Year twice, in 1966 and 1998. For 50 straight years, Gregory has been named ‘‘A Top Ten of Middletown Fire Com-pany responders.’’ When not fighting fires, he owns and operates a contracting business in Middletown Township and sits on the Middle-town Township Planning Commission. 
Mr. Reitze has dedicated his life to serving 
others in his community, putting the safety of others before himself. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Gregory Reitze’s 50 years of service to Middletown Township. On behalf of the 7th district of Pennsylvania, we thank him for his efforts. 
f 
JOHNS MANVILLE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Johns Manville for their leadership and commitment to utilizing new and advanced technologies. 
Johns Manville focuses on developing mate-
rials to make diverse environments stronger, more durable, and more energy efficient and comfortable. The company manufactures pre-mium quality building and mechanical insula-tion, commercial roofing, glass fibers and nonwoven materials for commercial, industrial, and residential applications. JM products are used in a variety of industries including build-ing products, aerospace, automotive and transportation, filtration, commercial interiors, waterproofing and wind energy. The company has 7,000 employees globally and provides products to more than 85 countries and oper-ates 45 mfg. facilities around the world. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Johns Manville for their well-deserved Innova-tive Technology Award and their continued contribution to Jefferson County. HONORING ADELE WOODS, CEO 
COOS COUNTY FAMILY HEALTH SERVICES 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor Adele Woods from New Hampshire’s Second Congressional District, who is retiring after 33 years of service at Coos County Fam-ily Health Services. 
Adele has been instrumental in growing 
CCFHS from a small organization helping low- income women and their children into a com-prehensive Federally Qualified Health Center serving the primary care needs of the Granite State’s Androscoggin Valley. 
After joining CCFHS in 1981, Adele became 
the director for their Women, Infants, and Chil-dren Program, which provides health services and helps meet the nutritional needs of women with young families. In 1989, as Exec-utive Director, she managed a staff of 32 peo-ple on a meager budget. Under her guidance, CCFHS successfully applied for federal funds that enabled the agency to become a Federal Community Health Center and to begin hiring physicians to provide full scope primary health services. 
Approached by the Androscoggin Valley 
Hospital in 2002, CCFHS soon acquired their outpatient services operation. CCFHS now has a staff of 125 people working from three offices in Berlin, one medical office in Gorham, and a RESPONSE outreach in Groveton pro-viding sexual and domestic violence services for New Hampshire’s North Country. 
Under Adele’s leadership, CCFHS is now 
recognized by the National Committee for Quality Assurance as a Level 3 Patient-Cen-tered Medical Home and meets the highest standards of quality patient care. CCFHS be-came a founding member of the North Country Health Consortium, a rural health network ad-dressing common health issues in the region. CCFHS become an Accountable Care Organi-zation and one of the first in the country to re-ceive funding from the Centers for Medicare/ Medicaid Services. 
Adele is a valued member of numerous 
commissions and committees at both the state and national level. I am honored to recognize 
Adele Woods’ leadership and service to her community, the Granite State, and the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING DR. EDWARD ZIGLER 
ON THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pride and admiration that I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. Edward Zigler, the father of Head 
Start, as we mark the 50th Anniversary of this inspired early learning program. President Lyndon B. Johnson once said, ‘‘We must open the doors of opportunity. But we must also equip our people to walk through those doors.’’ That is what exactly what the Head Start program has done for millions of children across our nation for the last five decades. 
In his 1964 State of the Union Address, 
President Johnson declared a War on Poverty. Central to this effort was the idea that access to a comprehensive child development pro-gram which ensured school readiness could make all the difference for disadvantaged fam-ilies. As policy makers, we often look to those with field expertise for advise and counsel. There are few that have served in these halls in the last fifty years who will not recognize the name Dr. Edward Zigler. A member of the National Planning and Steering Committee for Project Head Start, Ed was appointed the 
founding Director of the Office of Child Devel-opment, now the Administration on Children and Families, to lead the Head Start program and he has served as a consultant to every Administration since the program’s inception. Designed to break the cycle of poverty and based on the fundamental idea that education is critical to success, Head Start began as an eight-week demonstration project and has grown exponentially. Today, Head Start serves over one million children in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. territories. 
Re-authorized and expanded under each 
Administration over the last fifty years, there is no doubt that Head Start has had an impact on the lives of some of our most vulnerable citizens. Today, as we celebrate the 50th An-niversary of Head Start, we also pay tribute to the man whose invaluable contributions, not only in its inception but throughout its imple-mentation, have been the driving force behind Head Start’s success. Ed Zigler, with his ex-traordinary vision and unwavering tenacity, has changed our understanding of the connec-tions between poverty and education, shaped our public policy, and changed the course of millions of lives. 
It has been my great privilege to have the 
opportunity to work closely with Ed on issues both here in Washington and in Connecticut. I find myself in constant awe of his intellect and commitment and consider myself fortunate to call him my friend. Today, on behalf of the mil-lions of families that have been changed for the better by Head Start, I am honored to join the National Head Start Association in extend-ing my deepest thanks and sincere gratitude to Dr. Edward Zigler. He has left an indelible mark on our nation and his is a legacy that will continue to improve the quality of life of those most in need for generations to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.001 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E450 April 13, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF BENEVO-
LENCE MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 162ND ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Benevo-lence Missionary Baptist Church in Randolph County, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership celebrates a remarkable 162 years. The congregation of Benevolence Mis-sionary Baptist Church celebrated this very significant anniversary on Sunday, April 12, 2015 at the church near Cuthbert, Georgia. 
Tracing its roots back to the pre-Civil War 
era, the church was founded in 1853 when a group of former slaves set off from their land-owners’ church and boldly founded their own place of worship. This establishment would stand the test of time, becoming Benevolence Missionary Baptist Church. 
The Reverend Green McCarthy served as 
the first pastor of the new congregation, Jake Knighton served as the first deacon, and Dan Knighton served as the first usher. Since none of the members could read or write, Brother T.J. Coram served as records keeper until an African-American member, Brother Phelm Knighton, could become clerk. 
From the beginning, members paid what 
they could. Ideally, this was ten cents—raised to twenty-five cents in 1890—but when chick-ens, eggs, or vegetables were all people could come by, these were accepted instead. What mattered most then, as now, was not the money. It was the people—the people who overcame oppression, the people who took a risk in founding a new institution, and the peo-ple who renewed a community. So long as they remained united in their faith, they re-mained unshakeable to the core, and the de-tails would be arranged in time. 
This ardent community of believers has ex-
tended its circle to include more and more members as the years have gone by, though it has never lost its essential character. Today, the spirit and faith of its people are manifested through four choirs, a Sunday school, a Mis-sion and Vacation Bible School, a Trustee Board, and Junior and Senior Usher Boards. That same faith and spirit shine on even as light from the new stained glass windows paints churchgoers in colored, living vibrancy. And this faith and spirit extend beyond the church doors, in the presence of members who give fully of themselves wherever they go. 
Throughout the years, many ministers have 
been licensed or ordained from the church, and a number of pastors, deacons, and clerks have contributed to its legacy. The Reverend J.L. Kegler serves as the current pastor, alongside deacons Roy Burks, Richard Lee, Rodney Burks, Allen Steve White, and William Harrison, and clerks Yvonne Mitchner, Keisha Burks, Donella Knighton, and Monica Harris. 
The story of Benevolence Missionary Baptist 
Church, which recounts a long history of a group of believers coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and wor-ship the Lord, is truly an inspiring one of the 
dedication and perseverance of a faithful con-gregation of people who put all their love and trust in God. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me in paying tribute to Benevolence Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Randolph County, Georgia for its congregation’s enduring com-mitment, despite adversity, to each other and to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. May their actions continue to inspire the community in courage, in dedication, and in faith. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. W. SCOTT 
REITZE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. W. Scott Reitze for his lifelong public service to Middletown, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Reitze has been a member of the Mid-
dletown Township Fire Company since 1965. Throughout his tenure he has held positions of Chief Engineer, the Chairman of Company Ap-paratus Committee, and Fire Chief for the Company for 14 years. He was named Fire-man of the Year in 1970 and 2002. Scott now sits on the Board of Directors. He is a retired engineer with the Kimberly Clark Corporation. 
Over the last 50 years, Scott Reitze has put 
others before himself and he continues to do so. His years of dedicated service are a testa-ment of what the Middletown Township com-munity means to him. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to recognize Mr. W. Scott Reitze and thank him for his service to Pennsylvania. 
f 
REMEMBERING EARL HARRIS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great sadness and sincere admiration that I take this time to remember a dear friend and one of Indiana’s finest legislators, State Rep-resentative Earl Harris of East Chicago. On Monday, March 23, 2015, Earl, a member of the Indiana House of Representatives for the past thirty-three years, passed away at the age of 73. Remembered by his colleagues and constituency as a consummate gentlemen and champion for Northwest Indiana, Earl will be deeply missed by his devoted family, be-loved friends, and the citizens he so faithfully served. 
Earl Harris was born in Kerrville, Ten-
nessee, on November 8, 1941. Following his graduation from Woodstock High School in 1959, he relocated to Northwest Indiana to fur-ther his education. Earl attended both Indiana University Northwest and Purdue University Calumet, located in Northwest Indiana, as well as the Illinois Institute of Technology. Although he was well-known for his career in public of-fice, Mr. Harris’s lifetime of service to his fel-low citizens predates his election to the Indi-ana General Assembly. To those who knew 
him, it is no surprise that, as a young man, Earl spent six years as an enlisted member of the Navy Reserve. Throughout his life, Mr. Harris was also a small business owner, an employee of Inland Steel, and a fixed assets administrator for the School City of East Chi-cago. 
Since his election to the Indiana House of 
Representatives in 1982, Representative Earl Harris proved himself to be, first and foremost, a devoted public servant. His colleagues in In-dianapolis will forever remember him as a true visionary, a tireless advocate for the people of Northwest Indiana, and the finest of role mod-
els for any young legislator to emulate. Among his legislative accomplishments was the cre-ation of a Lake Michigan marina development commission intended to promote economic de-velopment along the lake. This idea later got folded into the Marquette Plan that the North-west Indiana Regional Development Authority is now implementing in Lake and Porter Coun-ties. 
His constituents will remember his kindness 
and his willingness to help in any way he could. I will miss working with Earl, as I have for many years, but will never forget his warmth and his compassion, as well as his re-lentless desire to leave Northwest Indiana, and the entire state, better than he found it. 
While he was tirelessly committed to the 
people of Indiana, Earl Harris leaves to cher-ish his memory the most important people in his life, his devoted wife, Donna, and loving son, Earl Jr., as well as his extended family and the many people who were fortunate to call him a friend. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and 
my other distinguished colleagues join me in paying tribute to one of Indiana’s finest, State Representative Earl Harris, for his outstanding leadership, devotion to his community, and commitment to improving the quality of life for residents of Northwest Indiana and throughout the state. His dedication to his family, friends, and those he so faithfully served is worthy of our admiration. I am proud to have called him my friend. 
f 
PASON SYSTEMS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Pason Systems for their community leadership and economic con-tribution to Jefferson County. 
Pason is a leading global provider of spe-
cialized data management systems for drilling rigs. The company’s solutions, which include data acquisition, well site reporting, remote communications and web-based information management, enable collaboration between the rig and the office. 
Pason expanded from 37,000 to 52,737 sq. 
ft. in Golden’s Coors Technology Center. The company hired an additional 11 employees after the facility was complete, bringing em-ployment to 254 people. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Pason Systems for their well-deserved Busi-ness Recognition Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.003 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E451 April 13, 2015 
RECOGNIZING JOB CORPS’ 50-YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Job Corps’ 50-year anniversary. Born in 1965, Job Corps was de-signed as a collaboration between public agencies and private sector businesses and employers to help poor and unemployed young people gain the credentials and em-ployment skills to build careers. Fifty years later, more than 3 million jobless and under-educated youth, employers and local commu-nities have benefitted from this successful model—a comprehensive residential, aca-demic and career preparation program. Each year, more than 50,000 at-risk youth obtain the employment and life skills necessary to start a career. More than 80 percent of Job Corps graduates obtain jobs, enroll in higher education, or enter the military. 
Furthermore, Job Corps facilities play an im-
portant role in their local communities. With 125 campuses across America, Job Corps represents a base of economic activity in American communities that is particularly im-portant during challenging economic times. For example, 228 local jobs are directly or in-directly supported by the average Job Corps campus each year, and $1.91 in local eco-nomic activity is generated by each dollar in-vested in Job Corps. The Pine Knot Job Corps in McCreary County, Kentucky and the Carl D. Perkins Job Corps Center in Floyd County, Kentucky are two successful Job Corps facili-ties in my district that have made important contributions to their communities. 
Each year, more than 50,000 high school 
dropouts, homeless young adults, young par-ents, students with learning disabilities, and youth aging out of the foster care system en-roll in Job Corps because it provides every-thing they need to start successful careers and become financially independent. Job 
Corps’ open-entry, open-exit model allows dedicated academic and vocational profes-sionals to create self-paced work plans for youth. Counselors, academic and vocational instructors, and residential advisors work with students 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, not only on career pursuits but also on life skills, such as financial literacy and responsible citi-zenship. 
I thank Job Corps for its dedication to 
changing the lives of America’s at-risk, jobless and disenfranchised youth. Job Corps remains a community-changing program that affects thousands across the United States. Job Corps continues to evolve and adapt to the changing needs of our youth, businesses and economic conditions and I appreciate their continued dedication. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF MRS. 
BARBARA CROWTHER STUART EDWARDS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize the passing of Barbara Crowther Stuart Edwards. Mrs. Edwards passed away 
peacefully on March 5, 2015, at Westminister Canterbury in Richmond, Virginia. She is sur-vived by her four children, Charles Edward Stuart III; Anne Ruth Stuart and Elizabeth Stu-art Valentine; and The Hon. Richard Henry Stuart and their grandchildren, as well as her brother Rudolph Prosser Crowther and several nieces and nephews. Mrs. Edwards was a lov-ing mother and grandmother, who enjoyed spending time with her family. When she wasn’t with her family Mrs. Edwards was ei-ther teaching or serving as a devoted member of Andrew Chapel United Methodist Church. Mrs. Edwards will be missed by members of her community, students, and family. 
f 
MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, on March 26th, 
the House passed H.R. 2, the Medicare Ac-cess and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. H.R. 2 will repeal the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula and replace it with a bipartisan agreement to improve the Medicare payment system and return stability to physician payments. 
The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 created 
SGR in an attempt to control spending in the Medicare program, and it was adopted for TRICARE as well. For years, this methodology has consistently produced unrealistic expendi-ture targets that trigger untenable reductions in payment rates to doctors providing services to Medicare patients. 
Congress has repeatedly buried the true 
cost of this policy through annual Congres-sional overrides of these scheduled cuts. Each of these short-term ‘‘doc fixes’’ has achieved the important goal of averting an immediate crisis in access to physicians for Medicare beneficiaries, but has exacerbated a longer- term crisis in Medicare financing. 
Continued reliance on short-term patches 
creates instability in the health care system and the economy as a whole. Doctors have been hamstrung by yearly doubt about what reimbursement rates will be, and patients have had to pay the eventual price in uneven, sub-standard quality of care. Enactment of H.R. 2 will bring stability back to our health care sys-tem. 
I voted for H.R. 2 because this legislation 
not only repeals the SGR, but also preserves and extends the Children’s Health Insurance Program and provides funding for Community Health Centers through 2017. These programs are important in ensuring that those who need it most have access to health care. I remain concerned that the bill included an unneces-sary provision restating current law on abor-tion coverage restrictions. The Hyde Amend-ment language, which has been included in annual appropriations bills since 1976, re-stricts women’s access to health care and dis-proportionately discriminates against women of color, immigrants, and young people. Mov-ing forward, we must work to ensure that women get access to health care, not continue policies that limit it. Medicare has guaranteed essential health 
protections to seniors and certain disabled persons for nearly four decades. Fixing the physician Medicare reimbursement system is important to ensuring continued high quality care for Americans. I believe Medicare is more than just a program; it is a covenant that ex-ists between the government and the Amer-ican people, and I supported H.R. 2 to keep that covenant. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. ERMELLE SMART 
CREW WILLIAMS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, reaching the age of 88 years is a 
remarkable milestone; and 
Whereas, Ms. Ermelle Smart Crew Williams 
was born on March 23, 1927 and today she is celebrating that milestone; and 
Whereas, Ms. Williams has been blessed 
with a long, happy life, devoted to God and credits it all to the Will of God; she is a mem-ber of Turner Chapel Baptist Church and a sister in the local Prince Hall Order of Eastern Stars; and 
Whereas, Ms. Williams is celebrating her 
88th Birthday with her family members, church members and friends here in Georgia, she celebrates a life of blessings; as a Mother, Grandmother, Great Grandmother, friend, community servant and leader; and 
Whereas, the Lord has been her Shepherd 
throughout her life and she prays daily and is leading by example a blessed life; an advo-cate, faithful matriarch and a community lead-er; and 
Whereas, we are honored that she is cele-
brating the milestone of her 88th birthday in Georgia; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. Ermelle Smart Crew Williams for an exemplary life which is an inspiration to all, now therefore, I, H
ENRY  
C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim 
March 23, 2015 as Ms. Ermelle Smart Crew Williams Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 23rd day of March, 2015. 
f 
COORSTEK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud CoorsTek for their community leadership and economic contribu-tion to Jefferson County. 
CoorsTek develops, manufactures and sells 
engineered solutions for a multitude of indus-trial and commercial applications that incor-porate advanced materials such as technical ceramics, engineered components, assemblies and systems. 
CoorsTek origins lie in cookware and pot-
tery when in 1910, Adolph Coors, a board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.004 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E452 April 13, 2015 
member of the original company, assumed 
ownership and eventually renamed it Coors Porcelain Company. During WWI, the US gov-ernment sought out ceramic companies to as-sume the manufacture of critical products such as chemical and scientific lab ware, which had been supplied by Germany. Coors Porcelain answered the call and began making critical components in a variety of ceramic materials. In 1986, the company name was changed to Coors Ceramics Company to better reflect its core competencies in a variety of technical ce-ramics. In 1992, Coors Ceramics was one of four subsidiaries spun-off from the brewery family of companies and became part of ACX Technologies, a new holding company. 
CoorsTek recently purchased a 300,000 sq. 
ft. facility in the Coors Technology Center to expand its manufacturing operations. In 2014, the company announced the opening of its new plant in the Coors Technology Center to produce premium lightweight ceramic proppants, sand-sized solid materials used to keep induced hydraulic fractures open allow-ing oil and gas to flow. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
CoorsTek for their well-deserved Business Recognition Award. 
f 
CONGRATULATING 2015 BLUE STAR 
NEIGHBOR AWARD WINNER 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in recognition of Mark Johnson who received the 2015 Blue Star Neighbor Award from Blue Star Families, Inc. 
Mark spent the winter of 2014 clearing the 
steps and driveways of service members and their families while they were deployed. He demonstrated leadership, kindness, generosity and a true sense of community through his willingness to lend a helping hand, going above and beyond for his neighbor, Chief Warrant Officer Sean Durkee and the veterans in the city of Waltham, Massachusetts. 
Blue Star Families, Inc. held an essay con-
test about neighbors who helped servicemen while deployed. Friend Kelly Durkee-Erwin, and sister of Sean, entered Mark’s story in the contest. In January of 2015, Kelly was alerted 
that Mark’s volunteerism, service and friend-ship would be rightfully recognized through the Blue Star Neighbor Award. 
First Lady Michelle Obama, Jill Biden’s Join-
ing Forces, The Creative Coalition and Mark Johnson were recently recognized by Blue Star Families, Inc. in Washington, DC for their service, achievements and support of military families. 
Mark is an inspiration to us all. His actions 
motivate us to strengthen our communities by giving back. I thank him for his service to Wal-tham families and congratulate him for his achievements. TRIBUTE TO GARY PAGLIANO 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to salute the career of a distinguished servant of Congress in the field of international energy and national defense. Gary Pagliano, whom I am proud to represent, will retire this month from the Congressional Research Service with 40 years of continual service to his country and to Congress, having joined CRS in 1974. 
Gary graduated from the State University of 
New York in 1971 and received a Master’s de-gree in Public Administration from Cornell Uni-versity in 1974. He is a proud graduate of the National War College from which he received a Master’s degree in National Security Strat-egy in 1997. 
As a CRS specialist, first in energy policy 
and then in defense policy, Gary wrote about a variety of issues, including U.S. energy pro-grams and policies, OPEC and world oil mar-kets, defense acquisitions, defense contrac-tors, the defense industrial base, and NATO. In 1984, Gary became the first CRS Senior Fellow to spend a year at the Atlantic Council, a program that then ran for many years. In 1997, he was appointed to manage CRS’s De-fense Budget Section, a position he held with distinction until late last year. 
Over the decades, Gary Pagliano has 
helped set the standards of excellence for which CRS is known today. He leaves behind not only a distinguished public service career but a legacy of leadership and mentorship to colleagues, congressional staff, and defense policy analysts. I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest gratitude and ap-preciation to him for his four decades of serv-ice to Congress and to our nation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LES 
WILLIAMS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remem-
ber an amazing American and an outstanding patriot. Mr. Les Williams has died at the age of 95. Mr. Williams was one of the heroic Tuskegee Airmen. He was awarded the Con-gressional Gold Medal for his service to this nation. He was also a Stanford undergraduate and law school graduate, and a distinguished attorney in my district for many years. 
Mr. Williams grew up in San Mateo and was 
part of a middle-class African American com-munity in San Mateo until the Great Depres-sion financially devastated his family. In order to earn money for his college education, he started a business teaching dance. When America entered World War II, Mr. Williams volunteered to join the Army Air Corps. Only after the war did he learn that his original ap-plication was denied because he was African American. 
The Army drafted Mr. Williams and placed 
him into a laborer’s job working on the docks, a job that ordinarily would have ended his fly-ing career before it began. As disappointed as he was, however, Mr. Williams was a patriot. 
As he later said, ‘‘I became a worker. I wasn’t very proud of that. I had to go. One thing though, I was going to do what my country told me to do because I was an American and I’ll always be an American.’’ 
Mr. Williams and others also formed a band 
and Mr. Williams danced. After a performance at a Kaiser shipyard, a general congratulated Mr. Williams and the band. The general also asked if he could help the men in any way and Mr. Williams immediately volunteered, again, to fly. Shortly thereafter, Les Williams was on his way to Tuskegee, Alabama, truly a rendezvous with history. 
His training in Tuskegee was rigorous, but 
even more demanding was the culture of dis-crimination in Tuskegee. As he later noted, discrimination existed in his hometown of San Mateo, but it was nothing like Tuskegee. For example, failing to wait for a white person to cross the street could get you dragged from the car and beaten. This was a level of vio-lence that Les Williams had not faced before. 
Les Williams was a great pilot. He’d never 
been near a plane before going to ground school, but Les Williams excelled. The white officer who gave him his check out flight test had a 100% record of washing out African American students. But he didn’t wash out Les Williams. At the time, the officer noted that Mr. Williams was cocky, but also noted that fighter pilots needed to be cocky. Mr. Williams even-tually switched to bombers and enjoyed flying the B–25. However, the war wouldn’t wait. By the time the Army Air Corps assembled a full cockpit bomber crew, the war was over. 
After the war, Captain Les Williams returned 
to San Mateo and started a successful dance studio. Here, in his hometown, he again faced a lot of prejudice. He won the right to build his dance study on a 3–2 vote of the City Council, with at least one resident throwing her purse at him in anger over the idea that an African American could be allowed to build a new structure in a largely white part of town. By 1947, Mr. Williams also entered Stanford Uni-versity on the G.I. bill, graduating with a de-gree in history. He continued operating his dance studio for about 25 years and eventu-ally returned to Stanford to study law, grad-uating in the 1970’s. He was an active and distinguished attorney in our community for many years. He is survived by his wife, Elsie, daughters Penny and Paula, two grandsons and two great-grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, through his dedication to 
America Les Williams proved one thing be-yond a shadow of a doubt: He was a patriot. A man who loved America and who worked hard to overcome the barriers placed in his path, he personified the energetic pursuit of opportunity in this nation. We owe the Tuskegee Airmen our gratitude for helping to break the color barrier, but we owe Les Wil-liams our respect because he not only broke the barrier but also set the bar of achievement 
higher for all America. 
Today, let us remember Les Williams when 
we think of equality under the law. At 95 years old upon his passing, Les Williams is a man who willed to each of us decades of oppor-tunity, provided we have the wisdom to pre-serve and to nurture his legacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.020 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E453 April 13, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SOFIA 
MENDOZA 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Mrs. Sofia ‘‘Sophie’’ Mendoza. Her passing was unexpected, and represents a huge loss to the community in San Jose ´. 
Sophie was born in 1934 in Fillmore, Cali-fornia. Her father was a labor organizer, and would often move the family in search of new opportunities. After relocating to Arizona in 1939, Sophie settled in San Jose ´while attend-
ing Campbell Grammar School and Campbell High School. 
Sophie’s father would often tell her ‘‘we are 
born into this life with a purpose to help one another.’’ Sophie would go on to dedicate her life to fight injustice wherever she saw it, eventually becoming one of the most accom-plished community organizers in California’s history. She frequently crossed paths with leaders such as United Farm Workers founder Ce´sar Chavez, author Ernesto Galarza, and 
playwright Luis Valdez. 
Sophie’s first major accomplishment came 
early in high school. Campbell High School, which had few Latino students, had French, German, and Math clubs but no Spanish club. Frustrated, she complained to her father who encouraged her to find a solution. Refusing to be marginalized, she circulated petitions, talked to teachers and raised enough signa-tures to establish the Spanish Club at Camp-bell High. It was the beginning of a journey pursuing equity and recognition for all. 
Sophie met her husband, Gilbert Mendoza, 
shortly after completing high school and began studying at San Jose ´State University. At the 
end of her third year, the couple married and started a family. Sophie involved her children in organizing from the beginning. Her son was able to name every San Jose ´City 
Councilmember before he started the first grade. 
Sophie went on to start United People 
Arriba, an umbrella organization that brought together grassroots community organizations and managed multiple political projects. She was instrumental in establishing the first major health clinic in East San Jose ´, personally led 
a 2,000 person demonstration against police brutality, and worked with international delega-tions from Nicaragua and El Salvador to pro-mote peace. When she learned that her chil-dren’s schools were receiving unequal fund-ing, she organized the first student walkout in California history. She was a trailblazer who left a lasting impact in San Jose ´. I am here 
today to recognize her as one of San Jose ´’s 
most influential leaders. 
Sophie is survived by her children Rick, 
Agustin, Sandra and William, with five grand-children and two great-grandchildren. The old-est sibling of five children, Sophie is survived by her siblings Robert, Larry and Margaret. 
Mr. Speaker, we commend Mrs. Sophia 
Mendoza for her years of dedication and com-mitment to San Jose ´and the Latino commu-
nity. Her contributions serve as an example of what can be accomplished by uniting our com-munities and working toward positive change. BLACKHAWK EQUIPMENT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Blackhawk Equipment for their community leadership and economic contribution to Jefferson County. 
Blackhawk is a leader in the air compressor 
industry and provides comprehensive air solu-tions and services. The company has over 100 years combined experience in the industry and employs four DOE Certified AirMaster + Specialists. Blackhawk is the premier rotary screw, oil-free, and centrifugal air compressor distributor in Colorado. They also specialize in air dryers, cooling towers, air audits, air tools, custom controls, skid packages, portables and rental air. 
Recently, Blackhawk expanded in the city of 
Arvada by moving from a 10,000 sq. ft. facility into a 26,500 sq. ft. facility to accommodate growth. The company hired 5 new employees in 2014 and added $500,000 in new capital in-vestment. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Blackhawk Equipment for their well-deserved Business Recognition Award. 
f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH: HON-
ORING DR. JULIETA V. GARCIA AND IRMA RANGEL 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in 
honor of Women’s History Month. The 34th Congressional District of Texas is home to in-spirational women who have broken barriers and significantly improved the quality of life for countless South Texas families. Today, I take the time to honor two of them—Julieta V. Gar-cia and Irma Rangel. 
Dr. Julieta V. Garcia built her legacy on 
making higher education accessible to South Texans. She served as the president of the University of Texas at Brownsville (UTB) from 1992 to 2014. In 2009, Time Magazine listed Dr. Garcia among the top ten college presi-dents, and last year, she was named by CNN Money/Fortune as one of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders. During Dr. Garcia’s tenure, her relentless advocacy for increasing access to higher education in South Texas is reflected in UTB’s enrollment statistics. The UTB stu-dent body is 91% Hispanic, and 71% are first- generation college students. Her forward-think-ing leadership laid the foundation for establish-ment of the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. Recently, Julieta Garcia took on a new role as the first executive director of The Uni-versity of Texas—Americas Institute, which fo-cuses on developing the next generation of leaders through a non-partisan venue that convenes discussions on critical issues of global significance. 
Irma Rangel, a St. Mary’s Law School grad-
uate, served in the Texas State Legislature from 1976 to 2003. She was the first Mexican American woman elected to the Texas House of Representatives. Her legislative career fo-cused on the concerns of women and children 
and how to provide them a mechanism for progress. She established education and em-ployment programs for mothers on public as-sistance, built centers to protect victims of abuse, and labored to make voting more ac-cessible for all Texans. In 1994, Irma Rangel was inducted into the Texas Women’s Hall of Fame. Rangel’s contributions will live on through the many families her work brought into the middle class. She died on March 18, 2003, from cancer. The Irma Rangel College of Pharmacy opened its doors at Texas A&M University-Kingsville on August 10, 2006. 
During Women’s History Month, we are re-
minded of those who broke down barriers for future generations. I encourage all to take a moment today to reflect on the contributions women have made to our nation. I thank these women and others who have dedicated them-selves to service. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM ‘ZEKE’ 
GRADER, JR. 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with my colleagues, N ANCY PELOSI , M IKE 
THOMPSON , and J ACKIE SPEIER , to recognize 
the incredible legacy of William ‘Zeke’ Grader, Jr., who has tirelessly served California’s fish-ermen and coastal communities and as an en-vironmental champion and community leader for many decades. Always willing to share his vast knowledge and expertise with others, Zeke has helped fishermen to define their in-terest in battles over offshore oil and gas de-velopment, land-use, timber harvesting, water allocation, and other issues of social equity and sustainability. 
From an early age, Zeke Grader grew up in 
the coastal fishing community. His father founded Grader Fish, Co., in Fort Bragg, Cali-fornia, to buy, process, and broker fresh, local fish. Zeke spent much of his childhood on the family dock, helping fishermen to unload their catch. He graduated from Fort Bragg High School and moved south to attend Sonoma State University, where he studied political science and graduated in 1970. 
Zeke Grader served his country in the 
United States Marine Corps before obtaining a law degree from the University of San Fran-cisco and passing the California State Bar in 1975. At that time, Congress was deliberating how to assert our national sovereignty over a two-hundred mile wide economic zone in order to curb foreign overfishing in U.S. waters, allow depleted stocks to recover, and con-serve fishery resources. Amidst such explo-sive public interest in natural resource protec-tion, some in the fishing industry felt threat-ened by the burgeoning environmental move-ment. Zeke Grader was asked to serve as the executive officer of the newly formed Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations (PCFFA), and he led the organization in a more productive and effective direction by em-bracing efforts to protect the coastal environ-ment. 
With Zeke at the helm, the PCFFA took a 
leading role in crafting important state and fed-eral legislation to preserve the coastal fishing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.007 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E454 April 13, 2015 
industry. Zeke lobbied strongly for California’s 
1988 Salmon, Steelhead Trout, and Anad-romous Fisheries Program Act, which called for a statewide salmon conservation plan to double the present numbers of wild salmon. He pushed for modernization of the federal Fishery Conservation and Management Act, litigated to expedite water quality restoration under the federal Clean Water Act, and fought for protections of fishing grounds by orga-nizing for the prevention and clean-up of pe-troleum spills. 
In 1988, the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration honored Zeke Grader with its prominent Environmental Hero award. For many Zeke has been a hero over many decades and his tireless efforts to protect the wild California Coast have ensured the present vitality of our fishing communities. 
Our friend and former colleague George Mil-
ler is one of those who counts Zeke as an in-spiration. He passed along this message to us to include in the R
ECORD : ‘‘Zeke Grader has 
been my friend almost my entire time in the Congress. During that time Zeke has been a leader in our state, on the Pacific Coast and in our nation to give voice and rights to the men and women of our vital and historic com-mercial fishing industry. The Pacific coast fish-eries from time to time are threatened with droughts, economic downturns, high fuel prices, habitat destruction, and bad public pol-icy. Through it all, Zeke Grader has led this magnificent group of fishers to maintain and grow our fisheries. So many people in Califor-nia’s diverse economy are dependent on their success. The commercial fishers of the Pacific coast must both catch and protect this mag-nificent species. Zeke Grader for so many years has successfully advocated for both the fish and the fishers. All of us owe him great thanks.’’ 
Today, Zeke continues his strong advocacy 
by working with and advising leaders at every level of industry and government. His legacy shows us the lasting positive impact that one man can have on countless others and he has shown that you can build a thriving and sus-tainable economy without depleting natural re-sources for future generations. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor Zeke today for his work in representing the fishing community, and we express our deepest appreciation for his friendship and his service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHRIS KYKER 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a remarkable individual for her dedi-cation to the State of Texas. I would like to congratulate and thank Mrs. Chris Kyker for her hard work and her passion for service. 
She has spent the last 90 years simply giv-
ing back to the world around us. I was re-cently informed that she was honored by the Texas Legislature in naming the Texas Silver Haired Legislature Foundation. This achieve-ment served as an indication of the hard work, determination, joy, and kindness that she has continued to embody. 
Chris is a leading volunteer for the state of 
Texas. She has served as the Founding Direc-tor of the West Central Texas Area Agency on 
Aging (1974–1979), she has served as the Founding Executive Director of the Texas De-partment on Aging (1979–1984), she assisted with the transition of the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (2003–2005), and she served as the Founding President and CEO of Disabilities Resources Inc. of Abi-lene, Texas. She has served in more than 32 volunteer offices, and in 2014 the Chris Kyker Endowment for Seniors Fund was established. From serving the state to serving her fellow man, Chris’ accomplishments have been ap-preciated. Her passion and drive are com-mendable. In our rapidly shifting world and fast-paced lifestyles it is always impressive to find someone like Chris that give so gener-ously of their time and effort to positively im-pact the lives of people of Texas. 
While we take the time to reflect on all of 
Chris’ achievements, it is important to ac-knowledge that her belief in giving to those around her comes from the genuine kindness of a remarkable woman. 
I want to express my heartiest congratula-
tions and thanks to Chris Kyker on her out-standing accomplishments and for her im-mense contribution to the State of Texas. 
f 
16TH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONAL 
LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to law enforcement men and women who have provided distinctive service to the people of Florida’s 16th Congressional District. 
Law enforcement is a demanding profession 
that requires sacrifice, courage and a dedica-tion to serve others. Every day, brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to enforce the laws of our society and protect public safety. They deserve our gratitude and respect. 
Four years ago, I established the 16th Dis-
trict Congressional Law Enforcement Awards, CLEA, to give special recognition to law en-forcement officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement. 
This year, I will present congressional law 
enforcement awards to the following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current and retired law enforcement personnel representing a cross-section of the district’s law enforcement community. 
Officer Steven Ogline of the Holmes Beach 
Police Department will receive the Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award and will be named Congressional Officer of the Year. 
Sergeant William F. Pascoe of the Florida 
Highway Patrol will receive the Career Service Award. 
Deputy Dan Durrance and Deputy Chris-
topher Folds of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office, Sergeant Brian Woodring and Deputy Ryan Frailing of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office, Patrolman First Class Dustin Cohen of the North Port Police Department and Officer Lucciano Diaz of the Palmetto Police Depart-ment will receive the Preservation of Life Award. 
Detective Robert Armstrong of the Sarasota 
City Police Department, Master Patrol Officer Jose Santos of the Bradenton Police Depart-
ment, Detective John McHenry of the Sara-sota County Sheriff’s Office, Sergeant Scott King of the North Port Police Department and Officer Ruth Terry of the Venice Police De-partment will receive the Dedication and Pro-fessionalism Award. 
The following Members of the Sarasota 
County civilian community response team FOCUS: Pastor Kelvin Lumpkin, Pastor Peter Greenidge and Minister Leslie Harrell of the Light of the World Church, Dr. Trevor Harvey, President of Sarasota Florida NAACP, Carolyn Mason, Sarasota County Commissioner and Dr. John Walker of Bethel Christian Methodist Episcopal Church will receive the Associate Service Award. 
f 
MEURER RESEARCH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Meurer Research for their community leadership and economic con-tribution to Jefferson County. 
Meurer Research engineers and manufac-
tures sophisticated products to solve complex issues facing water and wastewater treatment facilities worldwide. Founded in 1978, MRI has over 50 patents, both foreign and domestic, and over 5,000 installations. The company of-fers a range of products geared to optimizing water and wastewater treatment facilities. 
Meurer Research, Inc. expanded into a 
43,320 square-foot facility in the Coors Tech-nology Center, located in Golden. The com-pany also has plans to grow to 95 employees over the next couple of years, with new capital investment for the expansion expected to be more than $2 million. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Meurer Research for their well-deserved Busi-ness Recognition Award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BLESSED 
SACRAMENT HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay special recognition to the Blessed Sac-rament Catholic School as it celebrates its 100th anniversary. 
Blessed Sacrament Catholic School was 
founded in 1915 as the first Jesuit sponsored school in Hollywood. Initially founded on Holly-wood Boulevard, the Blessed Sacrament Catholic School was relocated to Sunset Bou-levard where it currently stands. The new par-ish was later designated as an official historic landmark. 
Throughout its hundred year service, the 
school has been dedicated to its mission statement, ‘‘As a learning community, we com-mit ourselves to the education of the whole person by developing mind, body, and spirit of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.009 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E455 April 13, 2015 
our children. We are focused on teaching re-
sponsible communication skills that fosters ex-cellence in self-expression and community in-volvement.’’ The school has developed a rig-orous curriculum consisting of a balance be-tween college preparatory classes and vol-untary community outreach. By providing such an academically rich, faith filled learning envi-ronment, Blessed Sacrament Catholic School has shaped its students into successful busi-ness owners, film producers, community lead-ers and philanthropists. 
While upholding strong academic excel-
lence, Blessed Sacrament Catholic School truly reflects the rich diversity of Los Angeles. Currently the school exceeds the state’s aver-age private school diversity rate, with students coming for a multitude of backgrounds. The school’s success not be possible without a highly dedicated faculty, staff and administra-tion who selflessly invest their time into pro-ductively influencing each student. 
I ask all Members to join me today in hon-
oring Blessed Sacrament Catholic School upon the celebration of its 100th year of edu-cating children in the Jesuit tradition and bettering the Hollywood community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE LIBERATION OF AUSCHWITZ 
HON. E. SCOTT RIGELL 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, celebrating the 
70th anniversary of the liberation of Ausch-witz—forever a symbol of human evil and de-pravity—and the end of WWII, history’s blood-iest war claiming 50 million lives, along with celebrating the 67th anniversary of the State of Israel reborn in its wake, we are duty-bound to remember these milestones that humanity may yet be free from threats to its very sur-vival. 
As a son of Polish Holocaust survivors who 
spent his early childhood in Kazakhstan, Po-land, Austria and Germany, I wrote the fol-lowing poem, ‘‘So unpredictably, in a humble corner/Of the Displaced Persons Camps/Ex-hibit in Richmond’s Virginia Holocaust/Mu-seum, a family’s trying past at/Last has come to rest,/Guarded on a consecrated wall,/Invit-ing home, allowing unreservedly to/Shed a flowing tear; among the/Remnant of a people deemed expendable/It finds acceptance that only/Those touched by common loss/Provide, for they have shared/The fire and the pain.’’ 
We cherish the victims, survivors and lib-
erators. The majority of the Holocaust sur-vivors have lived in Israel where I grew up be-ginning in 1949, and those still alive along with their descendants and all Israelis, Jews and Arabs, are vulnerable given Iran’s genocidal agenda begrudging Jewish survival and the one and only Jewish state. Iran’s agents of terror are active on Israel’s south and north borders. I travelled this past January on a Leadership Mission of the Central Conference of American Rabbis (Reform), witnessing first- hand Israel’s unique security concerns. We visited Moshav Netiv Ha’asarah on Gaza’s border that was hit during the recent 50-day Gaza War and saw an opening of a tunnel dug from Gaza. Israel’s resilient people have been terrorized by Hamas’ rockets and shells 
far too long. From Mt. Bental on the Golan Heights at a UN observation post, we gazed on a cold and foggy day at ominous Syria, aware that Hezbollah there and in nearby Leb-anon possesses 150,000 rockets at Iran’s command. 
Shiite Iran’s drive for a nuclear capability is 
an overriding goal for its dictatorial clerics whose menacing tentacles pose unacceptable 
risk not only to Israel, alarming enough, but also to the entire Sunni Arab world whose domination it seeks. Israel’s incredible and unshakable bond (so should it remain!) of mu-tual benefit and common vision with the United States whom Iran calls the ‘‘Great Satan,’’ further makes Israel, the ‘‘Little Satan,’’ a target for a repressive regime find-ing the West’s progressive democracy anath-ema. While ISIS (The Islamic State) continues planting death and destruction in a widening range of global aspirations, with brazen barba-rism of medieval darkness challenging civiliza-tion’s norms. Brutal President Assad’s geno-cidal assaults on his own Syrian people have so tragically passed the fourth year mark, with over 200,000 dead, thousands tortured in pris-ons, 3.9 million refugees mostly in Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan, and 7.6 million displaced within Syria, with the international community shamefully watching a catastrophe of a pro-fusely bleeding wound infecting an entire re-gion and beyond. 
Israel, treating wounded and willing Syrians 
and ever present when disaster strikes any-where, is the only source of stability and mo-dernity in that troubled part of the world, and in its recent democratic elections Israeli Arabs freely participated (a right denied in the neigh-boring Arab States) winning the third largest bloc in the Knesset. The arduous search for peace with the Palestinians, who are yet to recognize Israel as the Jewish state it is, re-mains a steadfast goal in spite of Hamas’ avowed aim to fight Israel, and its alliance with the Palestinian Authority. Israel struggles to address its socioeconomic gap and the Jewish pluralism issue, recognizing its astonishing and leading accomplishments testimony to being heir to the great Jewish legacy enriching the human family. The misguided BDS (Boy-cott, Divestment and Sanctions) movement only serves to weaken Israel and the pros-pects for peace that only a strong Israel can conclude, being the world’s only democracy whose very existence and identity are ques-tioned. A growing anti-Semitism in Europe, scene of the unfathomable Holocaust, with murderous acts in Belgium, France and Den-mark, threatens Europe’s historical Jewish presence. 
At this season of sacred and soaring re-
membrance, we recall the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery March, the pre-ceding ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ of March 7, 1965, and the following Voting Rights Act. Rabbis and Jewish laypersons were disproportionally involved in the Civil Rights Movement and stood by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. to uplift America to live up to its glorious promise for all. My synagogue is the world’s only home to two African-American churches. 
The forthcoming Tiananmen Square Mas-
sacre 26th anniversary on June 6th, 2015, prompts me to share my experience, ‘‘The Kaddish letters grow/Small in this over-whelming/Space of invisible evil./I shield them in the pocket,/Close to my heart,/Away from the menacing/Look of the Chinese soldier,/To 
protect memory.’’ May our anguished planet know soon, in partnership with the Most High, Shalom’s essential blessings of healing, hope and harmony. Amen. 
Dr. Israel Zoberman is the founding rabbi of 
Congregation Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TONY ALEXANDER 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Tony Alexander’s 43 years of serv-ice to FirstEnergy. As FirstEnergy’s longest- serving chief executive officer, Tony is respon-sible for propelling the company to the fore-front of the energy industry. 
Since joining FirstEnergy in 1972, Tony has 
served in a number of unique roles. His lead-ership has contributed to FirstEnergy’s suc-cess every step of the way. Over the course of his career, he guided the company through significant mergers and acquisitions, regu-latory challenges, and a range of operational and financial issues. 
For example, Tony was instrumental in the 
merger of Ohio Edison and Centerior Energy, which formed FirstEnergy. A year after he was named president of First Energy, the company doubled in size and Tony deftly managed the company through significant regulatory, finan-cial and environmental challenges during his career. 
Not only is Tony a leader in our business 
community, he has also dedicated much of his life to serving the Greater Akron area. Cur-rently, Tony serves on the Board of Trustees of Akron Tomorrow and Team NEO, and as an advisory trustee to the University of Akron Board of Trustees. In addition, he is on the President’s Advancement Council of the Aus-ten BioInnovation Institute and serves on the Institute’s board of directors. 
Northeast Ohio is grateful for his service. I 
wish Tony the very best in his retirement. 
f 
RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Red Rocks Community College for their dedication and commitment to Jefferson County and higher education. 
Red Rocks Community College, with cam-
puses in Lakewood and Arvada, offers more than 150 programs and 650 courses leading to two-year degrees or professional certifi-cates. Since 1969, Red Rocks Community College has delivered a quality education to an eclectic mix of students of all ages, in-comes and backgrounds. Serving 14,000 stu-dents each year, Red Rocks is the convenient community college down the street and a pro-gram that is worth traveling halfway around the world. 
Red Rocks is also expanding its campus in 
Arvada for Health Careers, Technologies, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.012 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E456 April 13, 2015 
Science program expansion. The expansion is 
estimated to be completed in late 2016 and will allow Red Rocks to respond to the grow-ing workforce needs in the community. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Red 
Rocks Community College for their well-de-served Genesis Award and their economic contributions and leadership within and out-side of Jefferson County. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRIE WEST 
STALKS 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-
leagues here in the House of Representatives to join me as I rise to pay tribute to Mrs. Larrie West Stalks, and the many contributions she made as a dedicated public servant in Essex County. 
Born and raised in Newark, New Jersey, 
Mrs. Stalks had an extensive career in public service and worked tirelessly to improve the 
lives of others in her community. In 1974, Mrs. Stalks was elected as Essex County Register of Deeds and Mortgages and served four con-secutive five year terms. In her fourth term she was the only African-American Constitu-tional Officer serving on a County level in New Jersey. 
As a trailblazer, she served as Director of 
Health and Welfare and Executive Secretary of the Newark Central Planning Board, where she became the first African American ap-pointed department head and cabinet member in the history of Newark municipal govern-ment. In 1984, Mrs. Stalks achieved another first, when she was elected President of the County Officers of the State of New Jersey. Following her election, she also served on the National Association of County Officer’s (NACO) Human Services Steering Committee. Mrs. Stalks was then appointed to the Board of Directors of NACO which represented 48 states. 
During her tenure in municipal government, 
she developed and supervised federally fund-ed anti-poverty programs and instituted New-ark’s first mobile health unit program, which served as a national model. She then founded the Municipal Career Women of Newark and became a mentor for numerous women who worked in government. Mrs. Stalks spear-headed the development of 426 units of af-fordable housing and a shopping mall. She also chaired the Long Range Planning Advi-sory Budget Committee for St. Michael’s Hos-pital. 
A staunch democrat, her previous home at 
41 Rector Street in Newark was affectionately referred to as ‘‘The House for Democrats.’’ Mrs. Stalks resided in the Village of South Or-ange Township for the past 40 years but she always proudly said, ‘‘I am Newark first!’’ Mrs. Stalks had numerous awards reflecting her civic activities, professional affiliations and po-litical involvement. 
Mr. Speaker, I know my fellow members of 
the House of Representatives agree that Mrs. Larrie West Stalks was an integral part of the growth and development of Essex County. This tribute recognizes her life’s work, her stel-lar career and her personal commitment to im-proving the lives of her fellow man. TRIBUTE TO COACH ANDREW 
TRENKLE AND THE MAINE SOUTH HIGH SCHOOL CONSTITU-TION TEAM 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to congratulate Coach Trenkle and the Maine South High School Constitution Team for their achievement in winning the Illinois State Title of the ‘‘We the People: the Citizen and the Constitution’’ competition. 
This year’s competition marks the twenty- 
third time the Maine South team has won the title in the last twenty-four years. 
The ‘‘We the People: the Citizen and the 
Constitution’’ program, sponsored by the Cen-ter for Civic Education, promotes civic com-petence and responsibility through course study and mock Congressional hearings. 
To succeed in this competition, students 
must demonstrate a deep understanding of Constitutional principles as well as an ability to apply critical thinking skills and to work to-gether. The Maine South team rose to that challenge in winning this competition and I am sure they will apply those same skills to achieve success in the future. 
Congratulations to all the members of the 
2014–2015 Maine South Constitution team: Coach Andrew Trenkle, Lauren Acker, An-thony Alvizu, Valerie Asimacopoulos, Chris Brendza, Paul D’Ambrosio, Tomy Deeter, Cailin Devereux, Alex Ellyin, Michael Gabel, Victoria Gawedzki, Michael Harris, Dan Hop-kinson, Matt Kelly, John Klages, Meghan Mar-tin, Bjorn Olafsson, Guy Olson, Matt Pierucci, Alex Ponder, Jake Ritthamel, Julia Samulak, Mary Grace Sharp, Elizabeth Skoronski, Alex Solberg, Lucie Sullivan, Sabrina Tamas, Mark Tamvakis, Savannah Theil, Isabelle Tobolski, and Melissa Walek. 
On behalf of the Ninth Congressional Dis-
tinct of Illinois, I congratulate you on your suc-cess, and wish you the best of luck in the na-tional competition. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MARIE PULLIN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, our lives have been touched by 
the life of this one woman, Dr. Marie Pullin, who gave of herself in order for others to stand; and 
Whereas, her legacy of dedicated service to 
enrich the children and others in her commu-nity through her volunteerism, creative ability and unwavering advocacy for the youth, the elderly, the poor and the arts are present in DeKalb County, Georgia for all to see; and 
Whereas, this remarkable, positive woman 
with a beautiful smile gave of herself, her heart and her talent; never asking for fame or fortune but only to uplift, expose and inspire those in need; and 
Whereas, she led by example from behind 
the scenes, as well as front and center for the state of Georgia, DeKalb County and the City 
of Atlanta, multiple ministries, homeowner as-sociations, the Atlanta Edgewood-Kirkwood Neighborhood Center; and in her beloved church, Israel Baptist Church; and 
Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman 
was a mother, a wife, a daughter, a friend, a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great in-tegrity; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Dr. Marie Pullin for her leadership, friendship and 50 years of service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., 
do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Dr. Marie Pullin of DeKalb County, Georgia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Con-gressional Honor’’—Dr. Marie Pullin, U.S. Cit-izen of Distinction, in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. 
Proclaimed, this 14th day of March, 2015. 
f 
HONORING EVELYN KEISER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to congratulate Evelyn Keiser, co-founder of Keiser University, who will be inducted into the Florida Women’s Hall of Fame, for her dedication to improving the lives of women and all citizens of Florida. 
Evelyn was born Evelyn Cahn in Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania in 1924. She graduated from Temple University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Medical Technology, one of only a few women in what was then a pre-dominately male field of study. She traveled throughout the United States where her edu-cation and ambition for the medical field led to her employment in several hospitals and med-ical labs. 
In 1977, alongside her son Dr. Arthur 
Keiser, she opened the Keiser School on Oak-
land Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale with one student and 2,400 square feet of class-rooms. She took a chance and paved a path for educators to better serve career-motivated students, the state, and specifically the Florida communities in which her students learn, work and raise their families. 
Now, 38 years later, her dream has trans-
formed into Florida’s second largest inde-pendent university. With 15 locations state-wide, Keiser serves nearly 20,000 students pursuing doctoral through associate degrees and employing 3,500 staff and faculty. Sixty- two percent of Keiser University students graduate in STEM (Science, Technology, En-gineering and Math) and healthcare fields, providing the talented workforce needed for Florida to compete globally. Over 20 percent of students are members of the armed serv-ices, veterans, or military family members. 
Ms. Keiser has held positions of co-founder, 
instructor, program director, chairwoman of the board of advisors, and more. Throughout her career, she has received multiple accolades including ‘‘Teacher of the Year’’ and ‘‘Educator of the Year.’’ In February 2004, Ms. Keiser was awarded an honorary doctorate from Bei-jing University citing her commitment to edu-cational articulation agreements between China and the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.017 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E457 April 13, 2015 
At 91 years young, Evelyn remains active in 
the university, serving as Chairwoman of the Board of Advisors. Ms. Keiser is still the first to arrive at the main campus in Fort Lauder-dale each morning. 
In honor of her dedication and service to 
South Florida, I am pleased to recognize Eve-lyn Keiser’s legacy of achievement and I wish her continued success. 
f 
SUREFIRE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Surefire for their lead-ership and commitment to utilizing new and advanced technologies. 
Surefire relocated and expanded its manu-
facturing and headquarter operations to a 20,840 square-foot facility. New to Jefferson County in Westminster, the move brought 39 high-paying jobs to the county over the next five years. New capital investment from the re-location is expected to be $3.9 million. 
Surefire’s expansion consisted of relocating 
from the Adams county portion of Westminster to the Jefferson county portion of Westminster in 2014. This expansion was also a consolida-tion of operations. This took place by relo-cating the manufacturing operations from Flor-ida to the new Jefferson county facility. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Surefire for their well-deserved Innovative Technology Award and their continued con-tribution to Jefferson County. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify 
my position on rollcall votes cast on March 16, 2015. 
On Rollcall Vote Number 113, on consider-
ation of H.R. 647 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
On Rollcall Vote Number 114, on consider-
ation of H.R. 648 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
On Rollcall Vote Number 115, on consider-
ation of H.R. 876 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM J. BOGAARD 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor William J. Bogaard, who is retiring from his position as Mayor of the City of Pasadena, California. Well-known and well-respected on a local, state and national level as an out-standing leader and a man of great civility, im-peccable character and immense integrity, Mayor Bogaard is the city’s first directly elect-ed mayor and has skillfully led Pasadena with 
distinction for over two decades. 
Born in 1938, William Joseph ‘‘Bill’’ Bogaard 
was born and raised in Sioux City, Iowa. He majored in English at Loyola University, now Loyola Marymount University in California, and after serving as a Captain in the United States Air Force, he graduated from Michigan Law School. In 1961, Mr. Bogaard married Claire Whalen of San Francisco, and after residing in Morocco, Michigan and Los Angeles for nearly a decade, they moved with their family in the early 1970’s to Pasadena, fully immersing themselves in the community, joining their neighborhood association and the local Parent Teacher Association. In 1978, Bill ran for the Pasadena City Council where he served for eight years, including a rotation into the may-oral position for two years. 
Mayor Bogaard’s many accomplishments in-
clude guiding the city through a major reces-sion, overseeing the establishment of new arts institutions, investment in new housing, and major capital improvement projects at the Rose Bowl, Pasadena City Hall and the Colo-rado Street Bridge, and the construction of a new convention center. Mr. Bogaard was in-strumental in leading the Gold Line light rail transit project, the preservation of Old Pasa-dena into a national role model for redevelop-ment and walkable live/work urban planning, making crucial investments in city personnel and police and fire resources, and establishing partnerships with Pasadena’s schools, busi-nesses, and arts organizations. In addition, Bill represented the city in many organizations, in-cluding the California League of Cities, where he served as President. With an impressive record of past community service, Mayor Bogaard is currently a member of the Gold Line Foothill Construction Authority and the Urban Land Institute, is Chair of the Pasadena Bioscience Collaborative, and serves on the President’s Advisory Council for California State University Los Angeles and the Leader-ship Advisory Council of the Pasadena Edu-cational Foundation. Mr. Bogaard has received the City of Pasadena’s highest honor, the Ar-thur Noble Award, the University of Michigan’s David B. Hermelin Volunteer Fundraising Leadership Award, and Loyola Marymount University’s Distinguished Alumni Award. 
In his professional career, Mr. Bogaard was 
in private law practice, served as Executive Vice President of First Interstate Bancorp and taught law at USC Law School and the Uni-versity of Michigan. Married for fifty-four years, Bill and his wife Claire have four children, Michele, Jeannine, Joseph, and Matthew, and seven grandchildren. 
Mayor Bill Bogaard has been an invaluable 
asset to the City of Pasadena and its resi-dents. I ask all Members to join me in thank-ing Bill Bogaard for over two decades of dedi-
cated public service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SCHOOL DIS-
TRICT OF SOUTH ORANGE AND MAPLEWOOD & THE LINDEN PUBLIC SCHOOLS MUSIC EDU-CATION AWARD 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the School District of South Or-ange and Maplewood and the Linden Public 
Schools for receiving recognition as one of the Best Communities for Music Education (BCME) from the National Association of Music Merchants (NAMM). This association only recognized 388 school districts around the nation this year and I am very proud of each district’s achievement. 
The National Association of Music Mer-
chants (NAMM) gives its distinction for out-standing efforts by teachers, administrators, parents, students, and community leaders to emphasize the importance and accessibility that every child have to music education. The BCME program evaluates districts and schools based on funding, staffing of highly qualified teachers, commitment to standards, and ac-cess to music instruction. 
Music education helps develop educational, 
cognitive, and social skills. Listening to music strengthens the ability to perceive speech within noise, pay attention, and develop mem-ory abilities. Music exposure reveals different aspects of brain function and addresses lan-guage and learning difficulties, such as the neural timing precision between speech sylla-bles. 
The School District of South Orange and 
Maplewood and the Linden Public Schools have done an excellent job in promoting music education and in successfully exceeding any challenges and barriers that may have ap-peared along their pathway. I hope they con-tinue empowering the community with their leadership and enthusiasm in music edu-cation. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,064,358,207.58. We’ve 
added $7,525,187,309,294.50 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
SENIORS’ RESOURCE CENTER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Seniors’ Resource Center for being honored with the 2014 Excel-lence in Not-for-Profit Leadership award. 
According to LeadingAge, an organization 
focused on education, advocacy, and applied research in the field of aging, who awarded Seniors’ Resource Center, the award recog-nizes organizations that are models of excel-lence in not-for-profit leadership and exemplify to the highest degree the seven key attributes that characterize high-performing nonprofits and distinguish the sector from any other. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.010 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E458 April 13, 2015 
seven attributes are: Productive, Empowering, 
Effective, Enriching, Reliable, Responsive and Caring. The Seniors’ Resource Center em-bodies all of these attributes with their dedica-tion to the community and their high-quality programs. 
The Seniors’ Resource Center, located in 
Jefferson County, Colorado, is an important community partner that provides services to enhance independence, dignity and quality of life for senior citizens in our community. Sen-iors’ Resource Center ensures all of their cus-tomers receive outstanding care in the adult day and respite program. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to the 
Seniors’ Resource Center for this well-de-served recognition. Thank you for everything you do in our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF VERA MEDLY FOSTER 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Vera Medley Fos-ter, who passed away on February 25, 2015 at the age of 90. A selfless servant to the un-derprivileged youth in Western New York, Mrs. Foster was a prominent member of the com-munity. 
Vera Medley Foster was born on November 
3, 1924 in Helena, Arkansas. During her early life she lived on expansive land with her fam-ily, where she was brought up learning whole-some values from her family and schooling. She went on to marry her high school sweet-heart, the late Bernard Austin and moved to St. Louis in the 1940’s to open her own ice cream parlor and sandwich shop. 
After Ms. Foster’s endeavors, she found 
herself settling in Buffalo where she met her life partner Mr. Clinton Modis Foster. Together they had three children whom she devoted her life and love to. While raising her children she returned to her entrepreneurial roots and opened a beauty salon in her home. Her salon became a staple of the community and the in-fluence of her kind heart began to touch more people. As her children grew older she be-came more involved in the community with the Parent Teachers Association of Buffalo Public School #23; the Delavan-Moselle Community Center and the Wider Horizons Tutoring and Enrichment Program. 
Ms. Foster’s influence did not stop there; 
later she became involved with the City of Buf-falo’s leadership and served on mayoral cabi-nets. She served as an advocate for the youth of the City and set up many for success through the Mayors Summer Youth program. Ms. Foster served on the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Park Steering Committee, as well as on the board of directors for the Masten Boys and Girls club for 32 years. Her passion for business never faded, as time went on Ms. Foster founded and served as president of the North Fillmore Business Association. 
Ms. Foster was beloved by the community 
she served. She has been honored by over one hundred proclamations and awards from the City of Buffalo and organizations. Ms. Fos-ter also has been honored with a day in her name, August 3, 2013 was proclaimed as Vera Medley Foster Day, and shall always be 
remembered as such. Her name is also en-graved in the streets of Buffalo with Vera Med-ley Foster Way in the heart of the city. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor the life of Vera Medley Foster. I ask that my colleagues join me in ex-pressing our deepest condolences to the Fos-ter family, and to celebrate the exemplary work she did to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO VFW POST 
101 IN DOWNTOWN COLORADO SPRINGS 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to VFW Post 101 in downtown Col-orado Springs on the occasion of their 95th Anniversary. 
As the oldest and friendliest post in the city, 
Post 101 has positively impacted the lives of tens of thousands of local veterans and their families. 
The post helps welcome home troops, at-
tends memorial services, hosts retirement and promotion parties, provides scholarships to local students, advocates for our veterans, promotes patriotism, and supports family members during difficult deployments. 
Please join me in wishing VFW Post 101 a 
happy anniversary and thanking them for the tremendously important services they provide to our military community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. EDWARD L. 
KEYTON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton is cele-
brating thirty-four (34) years in ministry this year and has provided stellar leadership to his church on an international level; and 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton, under 
the guidance of God has pioneered and sus-tained the Church of Christ at Bouldercrest as Senior Evangelist, he has enhanced the church as an instrument in our community that uplifts the spiritual, physical and mental wel-fare of our citizens; and 
Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious 
man of God has given hope to the hopeless, fed the hungry and is a beacon of light to those in need; and 
Whereas, Minister Edward L. Keyton is a 
spiritual warrior, a man of compassion, a fear-less leader and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared not only with his church, but with our district and the world his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Minister Edward L. Keyton as he celebrates thirty-four years in ministry and to salute him as he retires from 
ministerial leadership; A true Man of Excel-lence; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ 
JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 17, 
2015 as Minister Edward L. Keyton Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 17th day of April, 2015. 
f 
45TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
ROLLA AREA SHELTERED WORK-SHOP 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 45th anniversary of the Rolla Area Sheltered Workshop in Rolla, Mis-souri. It is a place that empowers individuals to use their skills working in a sheltered envi-ronment with caring staff. Since its establish-ment in 1970, the workshop has provided quality employment for individuals with disabil-ities of all kinds. 
Beginning in January 1969, the mother of a 
disabled son saw a need for a sheltered work environment for those who were too old for a State Training School. Together, the mother and two women who were involved with the Jaycettes, developed the idea for a sheltered workshop in Rolla. With the help and support of the entire community, the Rolla Area Shel-tered Workshop opened its doors a little over a year later. Today, the workshop has 75 dis-abled employees who have found an environ-ment where they can work productively and independently. Alongside a supportive staff of eight, the employees work on printed material, collating, sorting the different kinds, packing and labeling bags, among other projects. 
For the many years of service and commit-
ment to helping others, it is my pleasure to recognize the Rolla Area Sheltered Workshop before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
LUTHERAN MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Lutheran Medical Cen-ter for their community leadership and eco-nomic contribution to Jefferson County. 
What began in 1905 as the Evangelical Lu-
theran Sanitarium for patients suffering from tuberculosis continues today as one of the busiest and most respected hospitals in the nation. Exempla Lutheran provides a wide range of medical services as well as commu-nity programs. 
Lutheran started as the first senior emer-
gence room in the region and in Colorado, but later built a larger and more spacious Senior ER to meet and increased need for special-ized services for elderly patients. The new Senior ER opened with 14 specially-designed, private patient rooms and a 40 percent in-crease in space. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Lu-
theran Medical Center for their well-deserved Business Recognition Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.023 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E459 April 13, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO MR. FRITZ COLEMAN 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor San Fernando Valley resident and Los Angeles’ iconic weathercaster, Mr. Fritz Cole-man. 
Mr. Coleman started his early career as a 
disc jockey and radio talk show host for nu-merous stations across the nation. In 1980, he moved to Los Angeles and soon became a regular act at many of the local comedy clubs. His humor and improvisational stand-up expe-rience propelled him to work on various com-edy specials and series, such as ‘‘Fritz and Friends’’ and ‘‘The Perils of Parenting’’ in addi-tion to producing and starring in three one- man plays. His performances have earned him many accolades including four Los Angeles Area Emmy Awards. 
In February 1982, Mr. Coleman joined the 
National Broadcasting Company Southern California news (NBC4) as the weekend weathercaster. Shortly afterwards, he became a weekday weathercaster and has since deliv-ered laughter-filled weather reporting on the evening news. Mr. Coleman once remarked, ‘‘Weather can be funny. Your big mission as a weatherman in Southern California is to try to make the same forecast sound slightly dif-ferent and entertaining every day between April and November when the weather is ex-actly the same.’’ His tireless work ethic, cha-risma, and commitment to the community led him to become the face of NBC4’s weather segment in Southern California and led him to be named ‘‘the Best Weathercaster’’ by every major newspaper in Southern California. 
Always willing to serve the community, Mr. 
Coleman has organized numerous entertain-ment fundraising events for local service and civic organizations, and has also served as master of ceremonies for many Southern Cali-fornia community events. His selflessness and dedication to bettering the Los Angeles area has been recognized by many organizations including the Burbank Chamber of Commerce and the California Hospital Medical Center. Mr. Coleman has also been named a ‘‘Treas-ure of Los Angeles’’ by the City of Los Ange-les and has received the Humanitarian of the Year Award from the United States House of Representatives. 
It is my great honor to call Fritz a friend, 
and commend him for his unquenchable com-munity spirit. I ask all Members of Congress to join me in recognizing Fritz Coleman for his exemplary service to the greater Los Angeles community. 
f 
MR. R. WAYNE LOWE 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to recognize Mr. R. Wayne Lowe today for his contributions to central Georgia. He has been a leader in his commu-
nity, and will be honored with the golden eagle award for his achievements. 
Sixty years ago, Mr. Lowe became a youth 
member of the Boy Scouts of America. Throughout his life, he has lived up to the ideals he learned in the scouts, following the principles of the scout oath and scout law. 
In his community, Mr. Lowe has achieved 
distinction as a corporate officer, entrepreneur, philanthropist, and public servant. He has given distinguished service to his community and nation as board member of Houston County School Board; director and share-holder of Planters First Bank; lifetime member of the Air Force Association; board member of the Museum of Aviation; member of the First United Methodist Church; member of the 21st Century Partnership; member of the Georgia Automobile Dealers Association; friend of Scouting in the Central Georgia Council, Boy Scouts of America; and supporter of many worthwhile organizations. 
Through his actions, service, and devotion, 
Mr. Lowe has demonstrated that he is a lead-er, a mentor, and a friend of scouting. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF CARMELA TRIPPI 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Carmela Trippi, a stalwart supporter of the Democratic Party, who passed away on April 2, 2015 at the age of 105. A beloved voice in Western New York politics, Mrs. Trippi’s commitment helped shape our region in a positive way. 
Mrs. Trippi’s passion for democratic values 
began in the 1940’s where she advocated on behalf of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. She went on to become an influential com-mitteewoman for the Democratic Party. In her early political life she contributed to President John F. Kennedy and New York Senator Rob-ert F. Kennedy campaigns and she then be-came the founder of the Jacqueline Kennedy Woman’s Democratic Club, and served as president for over fifty years. 
Mrs. Trippi was a prominent voice in the 
Western New York community. She had ties to former Mayor of Buffalo, Frank Sedita and Former Congressman of Western New York, Henry Nowak. Mrs. Trippi helped influence sweeping change while serving on Congress-man Nowak’s staff for eighteen years. She also served on the staff of current New York Court of Appeals Judge Eugene Fahey while he was a Buffalo Common Council member. 
Mrs. Trippi signified her place in Western 
New York Political history by working first hand with voters, knocking on doors in the community. Her passion for campaigning never faded. She would go door to door even into her 90’s and never wavered in her com-mitment and support as an Erie County Demo-cratic Committee member. 
Mrs. Trippi’s work in Western New York has 
not gone unrecognized. In 2004 she was nom-inated for the Western New York Women’s Hall of Fame. While her milestone birthdays 
were always recognized by the community, her 99th birthday was honored by the Erie County Legislature. Mrs. Trippi will be remem-bered fondly by all members of the Western New York community and recalled for her pas-sion and commitment to Democratic values. Mrs. Trippi believed politics are an essential aspect of life and urged all involved to be gen-uine and compassionate while serving the public. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me to 
honor Mrs. Carmela Trippi. I ask my col-leagues to join me in extending our deepest condolences to her family and friends. Her good work and selfless devotion to Western New York will inspire many others to stand be-hind their principles and be involved in their communities. 
f 
36TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. McCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
an important friend and staunch ally of the United States: Taiwan, as we celebrate the 36th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) of 1979. 
This important legislation remains to be the 
cornerstone of U.S.—Taiwan relations. It stipu-lates that it is the policy of the United States to ‘‘make available to Taiwan such defense ar-ticles and defense services in such quantity as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to main-tain a sufficient self-defense capability.’’ 
In 2001, the Bush Administration agreed to 
help Taiwan obtain eight diesel-electric sub-marines. Fourteen years later, Taiwan’s sub-marine fleet continues to consist of four sub-marines, two of Dutch construction from the 1980s, and two ex-U.S. Navy Guppy-class boats built at the end of World War II. As Bei-jing has not disavowed the use of force to one day take possession of Taiwan, as Beijing has rapidly expanded and modernized its military across the board since the beginning of this century, and as the balance of military power in the Taiwan Strait continues to shift in Bei-jing’s favor, the rationale for Taiwan to acquire a robust submarine force in order to defend itself from any amphibious threats is obvious. 
Late last year, Taiwan decided that it can 
wait no longer, and is moving ahead with plans to design its own submarine fleet. I be-lieve the U.S. Government should allow Amer-ican shipbuilders and submarine-technology manufacturers to work with Taiwan, both to assess Taiwan’s capabilities and to bid on systems work. Finally, I urge the Obama Ad-ministration to encourage other manufacturers of diesel-electric subs to work with Taiwan, re-gardless of pressure from Beijing. 
As we celebrate the 36th anniversary of the 
Taiwan Relations Act, I am honored to have had the opportunity today to lend my voice to the chorus of support for reaffirming our na-tion’s strong bond with the government and people of Taiwan, and I ask my colleagues to support this important issue over the course of this Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.014 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E460 April 13, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOCTOR JOHN 
INGLE 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today I would like 
to recognize and acknowledge Dr. John Ingle for his tremendous contributions to healthcare and endodontics. 
Dr. John Ingle was a pioneer in endodontics 
dentistry. He attended Northwestern University Dental School then continued on to earn two graduate degrees in endodontics and peri-odontics from the University of Michigan School of Dentistry in 1948. Dr. Ingle is also one of the many military heroes that served valiantly in World War II as part of the U.S. Army Air Force. Dr. Ingle initiated the graduate endodontics program at the University of Washington in 1959 and served as chairman of the combined Department of Periodontics and Endodontics, one of only five such pro-grams in the world at that time. He then moved to the University of Southern California where he served as dean and professor of the 
USC School of Dentistry for 8 years. After leaving USC, Dr. Ingle joined the Institute of Medicine at the National Academy of Sciences here in Washington, DC. Later he became president of Palm Springs Seminars in Cali-fornia, a leading institution of dental continuing education. 
The landmark book Endodontics was 
penned by Dr. Ingle. Published in 1965, it is now on its sixth edition. Dr. Ingle was a found-ing member of the American Board of Endodontics and the past president of the American Association of Endodontics. 
Dr. Ingle gave much of his life to the study 
and expansion of dental practices and explo-ration into endodontics and periodontics. His care extended past his patients to new gen-erations of dentists, clinicians, teachers and researchers that continue to give to the field he loved so much. 
The American Association of Endodontists 
and I are proud to honor Dr. Ingle for his great contributions to dentistry and endodontics. As a fellow dentist, I am personally thankful for the dedication of Dr. Ingle to expand modern dentistry and empowering so many others to serve more effectively in the same craft. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, 
March 23, 2015, I was unable to be present for recorded votes due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 130, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote No. 131. 
f 
EMMA FISCHER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Emma Fischer for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service 
Ambassadors for Youth award. Emma Fischer is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and re-ceived this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Emma 
Fischer is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Emma Fischer for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND 
LEGACY OF NAN TUCKER M CEVOY 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, on March 26th, 
San Francisco lost a great civic leader, philan-thropist and beloved friend. Nan McEvoy was a trailblazing, entrepreneurial woman whose wisdom, courage, and generosity, reminded us of our responsibility to improve our commu-nities and our world. Nan strengthened our de-mocracy through her service at the newspaper her family founded, the San Francisco Chron-icle, and set a sterling example as a compas-sionate and concerned global citizen as an early Peace Corps volunteer. 
All of Nan’s many friends knew that, al-
though her commitment to public service was well known and respected, her love of her family as a mother and grandmother was first and foremost in her life. 
Phyllis Ann Tucker was born into a promi-
nent publishing family on July 15, 1919 in San Mateo, California. Her grandfather, M.H. de Young, founded the one hundred and fifty year old newspaper, the San Francisco Chronicle. During the war, Nan worked as a writer and a reporter for the newspaper, and helped cover the founding of the United Nations in San Francisco. 
After the war, Nan made her home in Wash-
ington, D.C., where she became an active leader in public service, philanthropy, and poli-tics for four decades. She participated in the 1956 presidential campaign of Democratic candidate Adlai Stevenson and, in 1961, be-came a top aide to Sargent Shriver, the found-ing director of the Peace Corps, where she was later chosen to run the Corps’ African programs. In 1965, she opened the Wash-ington office of the Population Council, a non-profit agency addressing global issues of pop-ulation, poverty, development and health. She also served as a U.S. delegate to UNESCO, the cultural arm of the United Nations. 
Returning to San Francisco, she assumed 
leadership of the family newspaper as Chair of the Board of Chronicle Publishing from 1981– 1995. She was a true believer in journalism and wholly committed to preserving the family company. She served as a board member at the University of California, the Fine Arts Mu-seums of San Francisco and the San Fran-cisco Symphony, among other San Francisco 
organizations, and was the first woman to chair the governing board of the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington, D.C. 
After Chronicle Publishing was sold, Nan 
devoted her energies to producing premium extra virgin olive oil at her ranch outside Petaluma in Marin County. The company is now the country’s largest producer of certified organic estate-produced extra-virgin olive oil and has been rated as among the best in the world. 
Our country has lost a pioneer woman, our 
community has lost a gracious leader and my family has lost a dear friend. May it be a com-fort to Nan’s son, Nion, her grandchildren, Helen, Nion, Jr. and Griffin, and her entire family that so many people mourn their loss and that Nan’s legacy will always be an inspi-ration to the nation she loved. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BEVERLY DANIEL 
TATUM 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
submit the following Proclamation. 
Whereas, Thirteen years ago a virtuous 
woman of God accepted her calling to serve as President of Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia; and 
Whereas, Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum has en-
hanced the academic curriculum at Spelman, increased the goodwill of the college through-out the community and she has created a leg-acy that has provided for the students through scholarships and servitude; and 
Whereas, this phenomenal woman has 
shared her time and talents as a friend, a fear-less leader and a servant to ensure that Spelman students receive the best education and skills to become outstanding leaders of our communities and nation; and 
Whereas, Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum is a cor-
nerstone in our community that has enhanced the lives of thousands for the betterment of our District and Nation; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the 
Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum on her retirement as President of Spelman College and to wish her well in her new endeavors; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. 
‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 
24, 2015 as Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
Proclaimed, this 24th day of April, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RONALD WILEY 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commemorate the life of a stalwart Rochesterian and a beacon in our community: Ronald Wiley, a man who dedicated his life to building the bonds on which our nation stands. 
A native son of Watertown, New York, Ron-
ald graduated in 1949 from Watertown High 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.032 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E461 April 13, 2015 
School and attended St. Lawrence University 
Collegiate Center in Watertown. During the Korean War, Ronald answered his country’s call by proudly serving in the U.S. Navy as a journalist. His service during the war marked the start of his career in journalism and life-long concern for others. 
Attending college on the G.I. Bill, Ronald 
graduated from the University of Virginia in 1958 and then moved home to Watertown where he worked at the Watertown Daily Times as a reporter and later as a copy editor. While working at the Daily Times, Ronald honed the writing skills that would serve him so well for the rest of his life. 
In Rochester, Ronald served for 14 years as 
editor-in-chief of Kodak’s weekly employee newspaper, Kodakery. In this capacity, he helped to lift the spirit of the Kodak family and kept them connected, informed. 
On top of his commitment to Kodak, Ronald 
was a pillar of Rochester’s business and civic communities. As an officer in the International Association of Business Communicators, Ron-ald helped others learn the trade that he had so clearly mastered at Kodak. He was also ac-tive in the Irondequoit United Church of Christ and served for many years as an assistant scoutmaster with Boy Scout Troop 154. There is no doubt that Ronald’s teaching, mentorship, and example inspired untold young people to lift their eyes to the mountain-tops, inspiring them to consider the wisdom and power of nature. 
Together with Eva, his loving wife of 47 
years, Ronald raised two children and four grandchildren. While living in Rochester, Ron-ald and Eva enjoyed square dancing and play-ing cards, particularly Hearts. Ronald and his family were avid hikers who frequently ex-plored the Adirondack High Peaks. In fact, Ronald summited all 46 high peaks of the Adi-rondacks and was named an Adirondack Forty-Sixer. 
In tribute to Ronald’s lifetime of service in 
Rochester and beyond, I stand to honor him today. As his family and friends mourn his passing, let this record celebrate his legacy of love, compassion, and good works. Mr. Speaker, Ronald Wiley strengthened every community he called home and his dedication to his fellow American shows us the best of our nation’s soul. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson described the suc-
cessful life like this: ‘‘To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the ap-preciation of honest critics and to endure the betrayal of false friends. To appreciate beauty; to find the best in others; to leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a gar-den patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know that even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have suc-ceeded.’’ 
Surely, Ronald succeeded. 
f 
LAWN CARE MONTH DECLARATION 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to recognize April as national lawn care month. The landscape industry employs approxi-
mately one million people across America and contributes an estimated eighty billion dollars to this economy. From the national mall to an opening day outfield, and even to our own front and back yards, images of beautiful lawns and yards are often iconic depictions of American culture and the American dream. 
As we recognize these images, we must 
also recognize the work that goes into the up-keep of such lawns. Landscape and lawn care professionals play a vital role in ensuring that these important lawns are not only maintained, but also healthy, as healthy grass and turf have important environmental benefits. Healthy grass produces oxygen, reduces run-off, which improves water quality, removes carbon dioxide from the air, acts like an air conditioner—cooling everything around it, re-duces noise, and acts as a firebreak. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO LEO RIES 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Leo Ries, the Executive Director of Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Mr. Ries is retiring after 15 years with this organization; the office he ran is part of LISC’s national network. 
Mr. Ries has spent much of his career help-
ing improve neighborhoods in Milwaukee. Prior to his employment at LISC, he worked for the City of Milwaukee for 10 years, ulti-mately serving as Director of Housing and Neighborhood Development. Mr. Ries’ heart has always been in neighborhood work; he brought people and organizations together in order to create projects that had a real impact on struggling neighborhoods. He has re-mained optimistic regarding the future of Mil-waukee’s neighborhoods even while acknowl-edging the challenges of people struggling against ‘‘hopelessness and helplessness’’; he sees promise and opportunities in the resur-gence of urban living especially by the millen-nial generation. 
The son of a Sheboygan mink rancher, Ries 
is the youngest of seven children. He attended a seminary high school and thought for a time he wanted to be a priest. Leo Ries has en-joyed an unusual and varied working life. He worked as a volunteer at Casa Maria Catholic Worker House, a cab driver, registered nurse in an intensive care unit and as business man-ager for two inner-city Catholic churches. 
Mr. Ries has worked on many initiatives 
during his tenure at LISC but he has identified two recent projects as being especially mean-ingful. The relaunching of the Associates in Commercial Real Estate (ACRE) program, which Marquette University oversaw from 2005 to 2010, to help introduce minorities to careers in commercial real estate and working with the Milwaukee Police Department on proactive community safety strategies. He sees both of these initiatives as providing a structure for building relationships among peo-ple; people from different races came together for these two projects with a shared interest in building Milwaukee’s future. 
LISC has accomplished so much under the 
leadership of Leo Ries; programs initiated under his tutelage have become models for 
the nation and made Milwaukee a strong, prosperous community for all of its residents. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with Leo Ries for so many years and wish him much success as he tran-sitions into a different phase of his life. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Leo Ries 
and I am proud to call him friend. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. Leo, I thank you for all that you have done. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Leo Ries. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RAY BARBER 
OF BOZRAH, CONNECTICUT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor an exceptional constituent from Bozrah, Connecticut whose lifetime of service, leadership, and expertise was recently recog-nized by the New London County Fire Chiefs’ Association upon his installation as their next president. 
Ray Barber is a local institution with an ex-
tensive history of community and public serv-ice dating back to his teen years when he joined the Bozrah Volunteer Fire Company in 1952. As Chief and then President of the BVFC, Mr. Barber served through the town’s acquisition of its first fire truck in 1953, and through the decades, helped grow the emer-gency services the town provides to its resi-dents. Today, Bozrah is a heart-safe commu-nity with a full complement of EMTs and am-bulance services thanks in large part to Mr. Barber’s commitment to improving safety. 
Mr. Barber’s contributions expand well be-
yond the BVFC. He served in the U.S. Army, as First Selectman in Bozrah, for 20 years, on the Bozrah Board of Finance, and in the Con-necticut Council of Governments. It would be an understatement to say that his skills and passion for the region made his new role as President of the New London County Fire Chiefs’ Association a richly deserved honor. 
As President, Mr. Barber will lead an 83- 
year-old institution with 65 member organiza-tions and will represent the interests of volun-teer and career fire fighters across the re-gion—over 3,000 personnel. I ask the House to join me in thanking Ray Barber for his serv-ice, congratulating him on this deserved honor, and wishing him success in the years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COLONEL RANDOLPH 
E. ROSIN 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Colonel Randolph E. Rosin of New Jersey for his military achievements, contribu-tions, and service to the people of New Jersey and the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.020 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E462 April 13, 2015 
Originally from Watertown, Connecticut, 
Colonel Rosin enlisted in the Army in 1979 after his high school graduation. While serv-ing, he was accepted to the United States Mili-tary Academy Prep School at Fort Monmouth, NJ, later going on to West Point and concen-trating in Middle Eastern studies and Arabic. Afterwards, Col. Rosin served with the 1st Cavalry Division in Fort Hood, TX, and the ‘‘Hell on Wheels’’ 2nd Armored Division. Colo-nel Rosin greatly benefited from this training post-graduation as he served in Saudi Arabia for Operation DESERT SHIELD/STORM as the coalition warfare operations office for the Army Forces Central Command. His most sig-nificant effort during that war was his initiative to develop the anti-fratricide measures used by all Coalition forces, such as the inverted ‘‘V’’ which saved countless lives from friendly fire. 
After completing psychological operations 
career field training, Colonel Rosin was de-ployed as a Middle Eastern-focused psycho-logical operations officer in Saudi Arabia and later to Egypt, Jordan, and Yemen. He also participated in Operation DESERT FOX. Addi-tionally, Colonel Rosin was a part of a core group of planners that was responsible for planning our nation’s response to the 9/11 at-tacks. 
More recently, Colonel Rosin has worked in 
the Office of Military Cooperation at the U.S. Embassy in Egypt, as well as part of the Infor-mation Operations Chief for Multi-National Corps-Iraq, leading a large staff that worked on degrading extremist threats and legitimizing the Iraqi government. 
After returning to the United States, Colonel 
Rosin worked as the Chief of the Information Operation of the Middle East Region in the U.S. Central Command, countering violent ex-tremist propaganda on the web. Serving as the direct representative of the Secretary of Defense to the U.S. Ambassador and Govern-ment of Yemen, he oversaw military oper-ations to prevent attacks on the U.S. Home-land and develop cooperation programs throughout the region. 
Mr. Speaker, Colonel Randolph E. Rosin is 
a great American who exemplifies true love for our country. His service, which has been hon-ored by 20 awards, is one that should be re-membered as he retires from our Armed Forces. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PARISHIONERS 
OF ST. BEDE THE VENERABLE 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions to the parishioners of St. Bede the Ven-erable on the anniversary of the founding of the church that has provided spiritual guidance for 50 years, the first Catholic church in North-ampton Township. St. Bede parishioners also are recognized and commended for the con-tributions they have provided to the spiritual and moral well-being of the greater North-ampton community. Yours is a history that began on May 26, 1963 with the announce-ment of the founding by His Eminence John Cardinal Krol, Archbishop of Philadelphia. An elementary school followed in 1966 and con-tinued until the 2012–13 school year when St. 
Bede the Venerable School was merged with Assumption BVM, of Feasterville to become St. Katharine Drexel Regional School. This school, kindergarten through 8th grade, con-tinues the tradition of providing an exemplary, faith-based curriculum, while the parish has grown to include more than 3,200 families and 11,000 parishioners. May your mission con-tinue to the community of the faithful—with all good wishes for the future. 
f 
HONORING PADS OF LAKE COUNTY 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to 
recognize PADS of Lake County for the ex-ceptional work they do providing emergency shelter to families and individuals experiencing homelessness. 
Providing advocacy, dignity and shelter, 
PADS Lake County works to combat home-lessness with compassion and respect. PADS strives to end homelessness by helping clients commit to their own health and recovery and assisting them in gaining self-sufficiency through affordable housing. 
PADS is the first point of contact when 
homelessness strikes and often the only hope for individuals, families and veterans facing a long night in the cold or extreme heat. In this way, PADS truly does save lives. 
In short, PADS services provide a safe envi-
ronment for people to get back on their feet, and the Tenth District is fortunate to have an organization like PADS providing critical serv-ices to our individuals and families most in need. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL WARTELL 
COMMUNITY SERVANT, ARMY VETERAN AND GOOD SAMARI-TAN 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
taken to this floor many times to mourn the tragic deaths caused by senseless death acts of gun violence that have too frequently plagued our communities in recent years. 
I rise today to remember Michael Wartell of 
Houston, Texas, a constituent of mine who died last Thursday, March 26, 2015, when he was caught in the crossfire of a gun fight and struck by a stray bullet. 
Mr. Speaker, Michael Wartell lost his life 
doing what he lived for, helping others. 
The reason he happened to be in the wrong 
place at the wrong time on that fateful day is because he was there to do the right thing for the right reason. 
As the Houston Chronicle reported, ‘‘the 62- 
year-old Army veteran made a habit of going out of his way to protect the people he cared about, to make sure they were safe[, includ-ing] out for the owners of a tiny laundromat less than half a block from his Fifth Ward home.’’ After a robbery there, Michael Wartell often 
would go to the laundromat to see to it that the owners made it safely to their cars at the end of the day; once he broke up a fight at the laundromat, persuading a gunman to put away his weapon. 
Born and raised in Houston, after high 
school Michael Wartell enlisted in the United States Army, serving two tours of duty. 
After his service in the military, he worked 
as a truck driver driving across the country in his 18-wheeler for over twenty years, before retiring to move back home so he could care for his aging mother, Earline. 
Michael Wartell loved to read, particularly 
books about history and cooking and he loved to cook, spend time with his dog, and lend a helping hand to people in his neighborhood. 
Unfortunately, last Thursday Wartell was 
caught in the crossfire, struck by a stray bullet as he tried to run to safety. 
Mr. Speaker, this terrible tragedy is simply 
the latest reminder that action is needed, and needed now, to prevent gun violence. 
As a member of the House Democratic 
Task Force on Gun Violence Prevention and the Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I understand that changing the pervasive cul-ture of gun violence will not happen overnight. 
This tragedy is another powerful reminder of 
the urgent need to enact sensible policies to reduce the incidence of gun violence, begin-ning with the adoption of universal background checks which are supported by nearly 90% of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the death of Michael Wartell is 
a tragedy for his family and loved ones, for the Houston community, and for the nation he served with honor and distinction as a mem-ber of the Armed Forces. 
He will be deeply missed and I ask that a 
moment of silence be observed in his mem-ory. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF YAEL 
HORNSTEIN GALPERIN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate the life of Yael Hornstein Galperin—mother, wife, grandmother, profes-sional opera singer, and school adminis-trator—who passed away on April 5, 2015, at the age of 87. 
Yael met every challenge in life head on, 
with integrity and great intellect. Born in Israel to Russian immigrant parents, she took a job at a salt factory so that she could help support her family. She went on to serve in the Israeli Defense Forces and its elite security service, and later pursued a career as a professional opera singer. 
In 1949, she married a fellow opera singer, 
Levi Galperin, a Holocaust survivor and rabbi from Romania. The young couple moved to Philadelphia, where Yael was awarded a full scholarship to the Academy of Vocal Arts, and was a prized performer. 
Yael embraced motherhood, putting aside 
her full-time pursuit of opera to raise her chil-dren. She continued to sing, but also began to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.024 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E463 April 13, 2015 
teach and work as a school administrator. 
Upon her move to California in the 1980s, she began to work with the Jewish Federation of Greater Los Angeles, where she worked in the Bureau of Jewish Education for over 13 years. 
Yael was an avid reader, spoke multiple lan-
guages, and embraced adventure by traveling the world and constantly taking on new chal-lenges. She is survived by her husband, Rabbi Dr. Levi Galperin, her son, L.A. City Controller Ron Galperin, her daughter Leora Krygeir, her sons-in-law, David Krygier and Rabbi Zachary Shapiro, and her grandchildren, whom I hope take comfort in the way Yael lived her life as an accomplished and astounding woman. May her memory be a blessing to us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 36TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, for sixty- 
two years the United States and Taiwan have built and maintained a close relationship that has been of mutual political, economic, cul-tural and strategic benefit. 
April 10th of this year marked the 36th anni-
versary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) which ensured that the United States would have continued commercial and cultural rela-tions with Taiwan. Even though the Taiwan Relations Act is only 36 years old, Taiwan has been a friend and ally to the United States for much longer. Since the signing of the TRA in 1979, Taiwan has become a beacon of de-mocracy in a part of the world where free elections are uncommon and many people are denied their basic freedoms. 
Taiwan has also developed into an eco-
nomic powerhouse over the last three dec-ades. Their economy is robust and Taiwan has become one of the largest and most in-valuable trading partners for the United States. 
I want to thank the Taiwanese people for 
their continued friendship and support. It is my hope that the United States and Taiwan will continue to work together to promote enduring peace, stability, and prosperity in the Asia-Pa-cific region. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MILWAUKEE JOB 
CORPS ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to the Job Corps Program. Established in 1964, it was one of the central initiatives of President Johnsons’ War on Poverty and mod-eled after President Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal Initiative called the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). The CCC employed thousands of people during the Great Depression to help rebuild our country’s infrastructure. 
This is certainly a milestone year for the Job 
Corps Program nationally. I am honored, as an elected official, to have had a role in bring-ing this worthwhile program to the 4th Con-gressional District of Wisconsin. Job Corps as-
sists low-income student ages 16 to 24 im-prove the quality of their lives through voca-tional and academic training. Because of its emphasis on providing academic and ‘‘hands on’’ training, graduates of Job Corps’ program are assured the all-around skills needed to succeed in a career and in life. 
The Milwaukee Center is just one of 125 
Job Centers nationally serving 60,000 stu-dents each year. Since its inception, Job Corps has served more than three million young people. The benefits of this no cost education and career technical training pro-gram administered by the U.S. Department of Labor are both tremendous and life changing. Over 80 percent of the Job Corps graduates obtain jobs, enroll in higher education or enter the military. In fact, Job Corps is the nation’s largest and most successful residential training program. 
In addition to the direct services provided to 
participants, Job Corps impacts the local com-munities in which they are sited with economic benefits. 228 local jobs are directly or indi-rectly supported by the average Job Corps campus each year and $1.91 in local eco-nomic activity is generated by each dollar in-vested in Job Corps. 
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply proud of Job 
Corps success over the past 50 years. I com-mend them for their work and dedication to our nation’s at-risk, jobless and disenfranchised youth. I will continue to lend my support to the Job Corps mission of teach-ing eligible young people the skills they need to become employable or further their edu-cation. Congratulations on the 50th Anniver-sary of Job Corps and continued success in the 4th Congressional District and around the country. 
f 
CONGRATULATING A SAFE PLACE 
ON ITS NEW MUNDELEIN FACILITY 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, every nine seconds 
a woman is assaulted or beaten in the United States, and one in four women will experience domestic violence at some point in her life-time. The statistics are, quite simply, alarming. 
I want to recognize an organization in our 
district working to combat the very real and disturbing violence behind these statistics. A Safe Place of Lake County transforms the lives of victims of domestic violence by pro-viding counseling, shelter, support groups, training, legal support and outreach to prevent further abuse. Its goal is to encourage a whole community to break the cycle of violence through education and speaking out against destructive behavior. 
A Safe Place transforms hundreds of fami-
lies by giving them the opportunity to receive the help they need and a chance to start a new chapter in their lives. I stand with A Safe Place because everyone deserves a safe and healthy life. RECOGNIZING THE VICTIMS OF 
THE SMOLENSK AIR CRASH 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor those who died 5 years ago in the tragic Smolensk air crash. On the morning of April 10th, 2010, Polish Air Force One went down at Smolenski North Military Airfield in Western Russia, killing 96 passengers. Among the passengers onboard the flight were Po-land’s President Lech Kaczynski, First Lady Maria Kaczynska, political and military offi-cials, and civilian families. 
That day, Polish Air Force One was headed 
to an event marking the 70th Anniversary of the massacre of thousands of Polish prisoners of war by Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Secret Police, known as the Katyn Forest Massacre. Now, on this day, we not only remember those who died 70 years ago, but also those who tragically lost their lives just 5 years ago. I pray for the families of those who lost loved ones, and pray for a strengthened and united Poland in years to come. 
In recognition of the 5th Anniversary of the 
Smolensk Disaster, Polish community mem-bers in my district, and the surrounding area, will gather at the National Shrine of Our Lady of Czestochowa in Doylestown to honor those who lost their lives. I join them in marking this important date with reflection and prayer. 
Today, Poland remains one of America’s 
strongest allies, with mutual interests advanc-ing the causes of liberty and freedom at home and around the world. We must continue to have a strong United States—Poland relation-ship in the years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RITZ THEATER COM-
PANY’S 30TH YEAR ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in honor of the Ritz Theater Company’s 30th anniversary. For thirty years, the Ritz Theater has provided Haddon Township and New Jer-sey with unprecedented cultural experiences. 
Since 1986, the Ritz Theater Company has 
made renovation, restoration, and preservation of their historic building a major priority. Now with their 30th anniversary approaching, the theater company has begun construction of their set for the Pulitzer Prize-winning play ‘‘A Streetcar Named Desire’’ from 1947. This am-bitious undertaking is just an example of the quality events the theater company has pro-vided to the community for three decades. 
The Ritz Theater Company has received 
ample support from the community over the years. For example, local volunteers spent three weeks constructing the ‘‘Streetcar’’ set and two weeks installing it. This kind of com-munity support maintains the vital bond be-tween the theater and its audience. 
The Ritz Theater Company acknowledges 
the importance of community involvement for a growing, local theater and each season, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.028 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E464 April 13, 2015 
theater adds an assortment of student produc-
tions, concerts and films. During the off sea-son, the Ritz holds a summer program for youth performers, providing scholarships to students in the Haddon Township community. To mark their 30th anniversary, the Ritz The-ater Company will expand on its youth pro-grams and scholarships. 
Mr. Speaker, The Ritz Theater Company is 
a unique establishment that connects the beauty of the arts to the beauty of working to-gether to accomplish greatness. I look forward to seeing what the next thirty years bring for The Ritz Theater Company, Haddon Township and New Jersey. 
f 
REMEMBERING CESAR CHAVEZ, 
CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST, LABOR LEADER, AND CHAMPION OF ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL JUSTICE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of one of the greatest Americans produced by our beloved country, Cesar Estrada Chavez who died on April 23, 1993 at the age of 66. 
Cesar Chavez was a civil rights activist, 
labor leader, and champion of social and eco-nomic justice. 
Throughout his life Cesar Chavez fought for 
justice for the poor, the young, the vulnerable, and those living on the margins and in the shadows of the richest and most powerful na-tion on earth. 
Because of Cesar Chavez, migrant farm-
workers and their families now enjoy more hu-mane living and working conditions. 
Cesar Chavez knew firsthand how hard the 
life of migrant farm workers was because he lived it himself, beginning with his work in the fields of the Central Valley at the age of ten to help support his family. 
In 1945, Chavez served his country as a 
member of the U.S. Navy as he fought in the latter part of World War II. 
Cesar Chavez began his consequential ca-
reer as a field organizer for the Community Service Organization in 1952 and steadily rose through the ranks until he became CSO Na-tional Director. 
In 1965, Cesar Chavez co-founded the Na-
tional Farm Workers Association with Dolores Huerta which evolved into the United Farm Workers union. 
The National Farm Workers Association was 
successful in securing fair wages and safe working conditions for farm workers. 
The UFW also led a worldwide grape boy-
cott that helped ensure farm workers had a voice in contract negotiations. 
In 1972 Cesar Chavez fasted in response to 
Arizona’s passage of legislation that prohibited boycotts and strikes by farm workers during the harvest season. 
With his death also came a great sense of 
pride for all the progress that Cesar Chavez brought as a direct result of his unwavering commitment to farm workers’ rights. 
Mr. Speaker, recently I had the honor of 
being the Grand Marshal for the 16th annual Cesar Chavez Day Parade in Houston. 
The parade serves as a great opportunity 
not only to remember a great man, but to re-mind us of our responsibilities to each other 
and to fight for equal justice for all persons. 
Mr. Speaker, in addressing the Common-
wealth Club in 1984, Cesar Chavez said: 
Once social change begins, it cannot be re-
versed. You cannot un-educate the person who has learned to read. You cannot humili-ate the person who feels pride. You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid any-more. 
Mr. Speaker, Cesar Chavez was an agent 
of change. 
He educated his people and instilled in them 
a sense of pride. 
He taught them to be unafraid to fight for 
justice and human dignity. 
Cesar Chavez made a difference, and he 
made our country better. 
I ask the House to observe a moment of si-
lence in memory of Cesar Estrada Chavez. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JACK 
FORD, MAYOR EMERITUS AND PRESIDENT OF CITY COUNCIL, FORMER STATE REPRESENTA-TIVE AND MINORITY LEADER OF THE OHIO HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Jack Ford, who passed from our community on Saturday, March 21st. 
Jack Ford was one of a kind. He gave his 
life, decade after decade, to our entire com-munity. We hold an abiding gratitude for his lifetime of dedicated and honorable service to us. I particularly appreciated his genius and wry sense of humor. He never missed a beat. Our entire region has benefited from his gen-erous and focused life on behalf of others. 
Born in Springfield, Ohio to Edna and Stan-
ton Ford, Jack Ford graduated from Ohio State University with a degree in social work. Already on a path to public service, he began his career with the Ohio Youth Commission. He came to Toledo in 1974 to earn his law de-gree from the University of Toledo. He then became director of the Lucas County Mental Health Board and consolidated county agen-cies into Substance Abuse Services Inc— known as SASI—which he directed. 
Jack began his service in elected life in 
1987, when he successfully ran for Toledo City Council, eventually serving as Council President in 1993. Beginning in 1994, Jack served in the State legislature until he reached his term limit. Always, he understood the inter-connections of our City to the world beyond it. His knowledge was hard-earned and unique. 
Jack Ford also made history. As an educa-
tor, health professional, and political activist, Mayor Ford became the very first African American Mayor elected in Toledo, in 2001. With his election as Mayor, he elevated our community to a more inclusive and progres-sive place. He made us proud. He was all business, and always demonstrated a hands- on, can-do attitude. He was a master of the City budget and directed his Administration to make long neglected improvements. 
Following his tenure as Mayor, Jack was 
elected to the Board of Toledo Public Schools and, most recently, returned to Toledo City 
Council to continue his service to our commu-nity. All the while, Jack imparted his knowl-edge to young people, encouraging and teach-ing at the university level. Even when not feel-ing well, he carried forward his duties in a sol-dierly and persevering manner, earning re-spect from all who knew him. 
Jack always had a twinkle in his eye and a 
knack for presenting the unvarnished truth to all whose paths he crossed. He had a very kind heart and generously shared his beloved family and adopted family like Reverend John McKissick and his lovely wife Mrs. Pearl ‘‘Mother’’ McKissick. What beautiful memories I hold of these self-giving, intelligent, produc-tive citizens. Jack brought everyone together for a greater good to which he pledged his worthy efforts. He reserved a special place in his life for students and youth he mentored. He took particular pleasure in the classroom. Teaching at the University of Toledo and Bowling Green State University allowed him to inspire many leaders for the next generation. 
It is with a heavy heart that I extend my 
deepest sympathy to the Ford family: his wife Cynthia, his children, and his friends and as-sociates. May the angels carry Jack Ford to a place of peace and rest. He has been truly a good, faithful, and honorable servant. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Monday, March 23; Tuesday, March 24; Wednesday, March 25; and Thursday, March 26, 2015, I was out on medical leave while re-covering from surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 130 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 360), ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 131 (on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 162), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 132 (on order-ing the previous question on H. Res. 163), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 133 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 163), ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 134 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 216, as amended), ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 135 (on approving the jour-nal), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 136 (on agreeing to the Ellison Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 137 (on agreeing to the Butterfield Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 138 (on agreeing to the Stutzman Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 139 (on agree-ing to the Van Hollen Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 140 (on agreeing to the first Tom Price Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 141 (on agreeing to the second Tom Price Amend-ment to H. Con. Res. 27), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 142 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Con. Res. 27, as amended), ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 143 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 173), and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 144 (on passage of H.R. 2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.033 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E465 April 13, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FAIR PLAY 
FAIR PAY ACT OF 2015 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, this is an amaz-
ing time for everyone who loves music. We have more ways to listen, incredible new paths to discover new artists, and ‘‘anytime anywhere’’ access to almost any type of music. Just as television has moved from a homogenized three-network world to the dy-namic multi-platform competition of today— bringing us better and more varied programs than anyone could have imagined just a dec-ade ago—radio has done the same. New dig-ital services offer a dizzying area of choices and stations, and are pushing traditional AM/ FM to innovate and break new ground as well. 
But the rules governing radio music haven’t 
kept up with the times. After decades of legis-lative stopgaps, special interest exceptions, and congressional gridlock, radio businesses today operate under an absurd patchwork of inconsistent royalty standards and licensing rules. The result is a serious distortion of the economics of the radio business that artificially props up some services, and tilts the playing field steeply against others. And more than anything—it massively shortchanges artists and other music creators who, to this day, get paid nothing when their performances are aired on AM/FM radio. 
Today in your dashboard you might have an 
AM/FM radio, a SiriusXM receiver, and an on-line link to Pandora. If you hear a song on Pandora, the artist and his or her accom-panying musicians get a decent royalty, since Internet radio is governed by a fair market value royalty standard. However, if you hit a different button and hear the exact same re-cording on SiriusXM, the artist gets a much smaller royalty for the exact same song, be-cause satellite radio pays below market royal-ties thanks to a 15 year old ‘‘grandfathered’’ exception from the normal royalty standard. If you tune in on AM/FM, the artist gets nothing for the same performance. Not a cent. 
And if you click over to a song recorded be-
fore February 15, 1972, some of the biggest and most successful digital services have ceased paying royalties to older musicians, many of whom are past their working years and have no other way to make ends meet. 
In the end, everybody loses under this cha-
otic system. Radio services are forced to com-pete in an unfair and distorted market that props up the oldest broadcast technology at the expense of innovative new services. How is it fair that companies like Pandora and SiriusXM, who pay royalties on all (post–1972) music, must compete against big radio con-glomerates that don’t pay any royalties on most of the music they use? Even within the digital space, Pandora has loudly—and right-ly—complained that its competitor SiriusXM pays royalties that are much lower based on totally arbitrary government decisions. 
The Fair Play Fair Pay Act, which I am hon-
ored to introduce today along with my col-leagues Congressmen M
ARSHA BLACKBURN  
(R–TN), J OHN CONYERS , Jr. (D–MI) and T ED 
DEUTCH (D–FL), corrects this unfair and illogi-
cal system. It harmonizes the rules for licens-ing of sound recordings across all platforms and establishes a simple, fundamental prin-
ciple for the radio business: Fair pay for all artists on all platforms. At the same time, it protects truly small, local, and non-commercial AM/FM radio stations by ensuring that their royalties are affordable, capped at $500 a year for stations with revenue below $1 million 
a year and at $100 a year for noncommercial broadcasters. 
It sets down a clear marker on the need to 
resolve the dispute over pre-72 music—mak-ing clear what should already have been obvi-ous, that all music has value and all who cre-ate it should be paid regardless of age. The courts have begun the process of protecting the rights of older artists under state law. In the meantime, the provision in this bill can serve as a placeholder as we continue to monitor those developments, and work toward a long term solution that benefits all stake-holders. 
The bill also addresses the distribution of 
royalties, codifying industry practices that sim-plify the allocation of royalties to music pro-ducers and engineers. And it requires direct pay in direct licensing deals for music that is eligible for the existing statutory license. We are aware that there are ongoing discussions about direct pay for direct licensing, and the final provisions of the bill on this point will be informed by those discussions and by our commitment to protecting the rights and equi-ties of all music creators, artists, independent labels, and majors. 
And it includes a concrete and enforceable 
protection for songwriters—stating in unambig-uous terms that the changes made by this law cannot be used to lower or reduce songwriting royalties in any way. 
It is a great time for music lovers today—but 
if we don’t fix the corrosive distortions that are eating away at the core of the radio business that won’t be true forever. Artists already struggling with the steep decline in album sales will find it more and more difficult to make a living. Music as a career path will be closed off to many—and if that happens we all lose. 
We look forward to working with our col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle in the House and Senate to consider this legislation and pass it into law. 
f 
COMMEMORATING EQUAL PAY 
DAY AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE PAYCHECK FAIRNESS ACT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate Equal Pay Day, a day in which President John F. Kennedy, on June 10th, 1963, proposed the simple principle that women deserve equal pay for equal work. 
The symbolism of this day is expressed in 
that, as we are more than three months into the year, women’s wages are only now begin-ning to catch up to what men were paid the previous year. 
Today, women on average make 78 cents 
for every dollar earned by men, amounting to an annual disparity of more than $10,876 dol-lars between full-time working men and women. It is important to understand what 78 cents 
to ever dollar means to a family: $10,876 could purchase 86 more weeks of food; $10,876 could afford more than 3,200 addi-tional gallons of gasoline; $10,876 could sup-port families in incredible ways, and yet, even today, $10,876 annually is exactly what women currently do without simply because of being women. 
For African American women and Latina 
women, the wage gap is even higher. African American women on average earn only 64 cents, while Latina women earn 54 cents to every dollar earned by white, non-Hispanic men. 
In my home state of Texas, however, the 
average wage gap for African American women is 59 cents to the dollar. For Latina women, it is an abysmal 45 cents to the dollar. 
This is why I support H.R. 1619, the Pay-
check Fairness Act, which addresses loop-holes in the 1963 Equal Pay Act. 
H.R. 1619 would protect employees who 
voluntarily share their own salary information at work from retaliation by an employer and remove obstacles in the Equal Pay Act to fa-cilitate plaintiffs’ participation in class action lawsuits that challenge discrimination. 
H.R. 1619 would also better align key Equal 
Pay Act defenses with those in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, requiring employers to prove that pay disparities exist for legitimate, job-re-lated reasons. 
On this Equal Pay Day, I call upon House 
Republicans, all of whom have so far refused to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act, to answer this simple question: why are you op-posed to woman earning the same amount as men? 
I ask House Republicans to stop wasting 
the time of this Congress with attempts to defund the Department of Homeland Security and focus your energies on legislation that would actually help the American people. 
Let us call this opposition to the Paycheck 
Fairness Act, and opposition to all acts of Congress dating back to the 1960’s that have attempted to ameliorate the glaring disparities in wages between women and men, for what it is: deliberately and blatantly sexist. 
I ask all my colleagues to come help make 
the Paycheck Fairness Act a reality. 
We should remember: equal pay is not sim-
ply a women’s issue—it is a family issue. 
It is time now to update antiquated pay 
equality laws and to eliminate the wage gap entirely between men and women. 
It is time for equal pay for equal work. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHUCK 
BROCKMAN 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor and remember the life of Chuck Brockman, a devoted husband, son, brother, uncle, boater, philanthropist, news-paperman, friend, and retired soldier. 
Chuck was born on May 28, 1934, in Mount 
Clemens, Michigan. He spent his early years in Mount Clemens with his father, Harvey, and mother, Roma, and his sister, Janet. At the age of 20, Chuck entered the U.S. Army and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.037 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E466 April 13, 2015 
admirably served our nation in Munich, Ger-
many. During this time, he traveled extensively in Europe and began what was soon-to-be many decades of adventure. 
Soon after, he married the love of his life, 
Margarite ‘‘Scotty’’ Brockman. Although Chuck and Scotty never had any children of their own, they were known for their generosity and willingness to ‘‘adopt’’ individuals they mentored throughout their lives. This epito-mizes the man that Chuck Brockman was—he was always willing to take care of others as if they were his own family. 
Chuck worked in the composing room at the 
Macomb Daily newspaper for 34 years before he semi-retired in 1999. At that time, he launched a boating column to share his pas-sion for sailing and the sea with others. An avid recreational boater, he would write about places to go and the stories behind them. In-
stead of retiring and quietly enjoying the twi-light of his life, in his usual adventurous style, Chuck chose to continue sharing his fearless experiences on the beautiful waters of the Great Lakes for all to learn more. 
Chuck continued his advocacy about the 
natural wonders of the Lakes and its maritime heritage when he founded and ran the Save Our South Channel Lights, an organization de-voted to restoring historically important light-houses in Lake St. Clair and the St. Clair River. These South Channel lighthouses, also known as the Twin Sisters, were built before Abraham Lincoln was President of the United States and were used for many years by mari-ners sailing across Lake St. Clair and entering the South Channel up to the St. Clair River. Unfortunately, they fell into disrepair and were neglected, and many thought they would sim-ply fall into the lake and be forgotten. That is, until Chuck Brockman made it his mission to save them. He was a passionate spokes-person for this project that raised funds for equipment and worked to maintain structures of lighthouses that were falling into the lake. Because of his tireless efforts, Chuck’s organi-zation raised about $900,000 and now has lighthouses listed on the National Registry of Historic Places. Chuck was able to recruit and inspire so many dedicated individuals into this project. Because of this, even though he has sailed on, this work will continue; this is a true legacy. 
I first met Chuck when I was a Harrison 
Township Supervisor in the 1980s. We in-stantly formed a bond because of our common love for boating. Later when I became Sec-retary of State, I relied on Chuck’s sage ad-vice for many projects impacting southeast Michigan, particularly the lighthouses. As Sec-retary of State for Michigan, I established a li-cense plate fundraising program that finan-cially supported the preservation of all 124 of Michigan’s lighthouses. Like Chuck, I also ap-preciate the austere beauty of lighthouses and the important role they play for all sailors. Chuck and I worked closely during my time as Secretary of State and then when I entered Congress to preserve these structures. I was amazed and inspired by his enthusiasm, zeal, and quiet strength in accomplishing what many thought was an insurmountable feat. I considered him an advisor on these issues and a loyal friend. 
On March 1, 2015, Chuck passed away 
peacefully in his home on Harsens Island. I know that I am not alone in saying that I will miss his positive outlook on life and stories of his adventures—both on and off the water. Mark Twain once said: 
Twenty years from now you will be more 
disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. 
Chuck’s life was the embodiment of this 
saying. In the 80 years that he spent on Earth, he explored, sailed, loved, taught, mentored, learned, gave, and most importantly, lived. 
Chuck has left a sizeable legacy for the 
people of Michigan. It is people like him that forever leave an imprint in our minds and on our hearts. 
Fair winds and following seas, Chuck. 
f 
HONORING AN INSPIRING HERO IN 
NEVADA’S STATE ASSEMBLY: HARVEY MUNFORD 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
honor a great legend in the Nevada State As-sembly today. Elected in 2004, Assemblyman Harvey Munford (D–Las Vegas), broke bound-aries with a storied career in Nevada. Stand-ing 6 feet, 8 inches, Harvey was destined to be on the basketball court. While being the first black man to attend and graduate from Montana State University at Billings, he laced up his shoes and hit the hardwood quickly be-coming an All-American in the sport. After a record setting career in college, Harvey was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers only to be sidelined permanently from the game with a knee injury. Turning to the classroom, Harvey settled in and became a towering presence in lives of students for over 36 years teaching at both the high school and community college level. After retiring from teaching, he turned his attention to the Statehouse and decided to become an opposing figure in the Assembly. Bringing his non-stop work ethic to debates, I quickly respected and enjoyed being around Harvey. That is why Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Harvey Munford today for a storied career in public service representing Nevada residents. 
f 
PRAKUL SURESH’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Prakul Suresh attends Elkins High School in 
Missouri City, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government 
play in our lives? 
A government is an establishment created 
by citizens in order to protect and provide for the people of the country. Personally, I believe the role of a government is to do what is best for its citizens in a just manner. The government ought to try to protect its subjects and uphold societal welfare in the best way possible, whether it is through ac-tion or inaction. 
A primary goal of the government is to en-
sure the country is safe from foreign at-tacks. For example, after the September 11th terrorist attacks, America responded with force and began operations against Al-Qaeda and Osama Bin Laden in order to protect our homeland. The American government has an obligation to keep its citizens safe against war as well There are many ways in which a government can approach this. One method is to fight against enemies to keep America safe. Another method is to try to keep peace without compromising our interests and principles in order to ensure Americans do not have to unnecessarily fight. The task of protecting our nation is extremely difficult, considering the plethora of threats that na-tions such as the United States get. How-ever, it is vital that America protects the safety of the nation. 
Another duty is to ensure all Americans 
have the opportunity to succeed. One mecha-nism through which the government can do this is by making public education afford-able and within reach to the common man. By promoting a properly functioning public education system, the government guaran-tees that anyone, regardless of gender, race or any other factor, has an opportunity to succeed. The government should also have an environment that encourages innovation, success and hard work, not an entitlement society. The government is obligated to give everybody equal opportunities at success, which is a foundation for a prosperous soci-ety. 
Finally, I believe the government ought to 
try to create a stable, powerful economy. Businesses employ people, provide a sense of purpose to the people, pay taxes to fund the nation, and promote what makes America great: hard work, innovation and a powerful economy. By creating stable policies and providing incentives to draw investors and businesses, as well as supporting existing businesses, America can grow its dynamic economy. Policies such as low tax rates and simplified laws can help incentivize invest-ing in the United States. It would be in the public’s best interest to have a powerful economy, which leads to a powerful nation. 
As Ronald Reagan once said, ‘‘govern-
ment’s first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.’’ The government should ensure that society is protected, whether it be protecting against foreign threats, pro-tecting the opportunity to succeed, or pro-tecting the economy. Through protection, the government can take the best actions and inactions regarding numerous issues. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JASON WILLIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Jason Willis for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.039 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E467 April 13, 2015 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on the combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Jason has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of his pursuits, which is high-lighted by his exemplary work at the Willis Auto Campus. As general manager, Jason’s work-ethic and drive allow him to continue his family’s tradition of service and dedication to the Des Moines area. Jason spends his free time supporting causes he believes in, raising critical funds. Joshua’s outstanding work ethic and dedication to service, both professionally and personally, makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Jason in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Jason on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT OF 1965 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today on the 50th Anniversary of the landmark legislation: The Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. When this bill was signed into law 50 years ago, President Johnson understood that ‘‘full edu-cational opportunity’’ should be our nation’s primary goal. This momentous legislation af-firmed that every child has an equal right to a quality education regardless of zip code. 
Our public education system has come a 
long way since 1965, and though we have made great strides in closing achievement gaps and increasing the graduation rate, the law is not perfect. There is still much, much work to be done. As Congress looks to rewrite this law, we must remember the core tenants of Elementary and Secondary Education Act. We must seek to ensure that our public edu-cation system offers equal opportunity for all, and that the needs of our nation’s most vul-nerable children are being met. 
Education is our nation’s great equalizer. 
For 50 years, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act has been our nation’s driving force for educational equity. Education is crit-ical to lift children out of poverty and afford op-portunities that once seemed unachievable. We should expand support for elementary and secondary education—not limit it—so that all Americans can receive the education they de-serve. IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JESS T. 
HAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pleasure to recognize Mr. Jess T. Hay of Dallas, Texas. During his lengthy career in corporate Amer-ica, Mr. Hay served as director and presiding director of Viad Corp, chairman and CEO of Lomas Financial group and Lomas and Nettleton Financial Corporation. He has also served on the board of directors for compa-nies such as Exxon Mobile and the Grey-hound Corporation. 
Born in Forney, Texas in 1931, Jess Hay is 
a lifelong resident of Texas. He completed his studies at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, earning his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration in 1953 and his Juris Doctorate in 1955. Mr. Hay’s passion for education and research led to his appointment to the University of Texas Systems Board of Regents by former Texas Governor, Dolph Briscoe in 1977. Following his initial appoint-ment, he served as Chairman of the Board from 1985–1987. Mr. Hay believed that high quality basic research produces good applied research, which, in turn, would produce more jobs and more revenue to sustain American prosperity. 
Jess Hay is truly a phenomenal leader. A 
man fueled by dedication and committed to public service, Mr. Hay’s leadership and his commitment to impacting the political land-scape. He had a tremendous impact on Dallas politics. He paved the way for Dallas leaders, myself included, to effectively work for change in communities across the Dallas Metroplex. 
Jess Hay was not just committed to busi-
ness and politics. He was a dedicated family man. He and his wife, Betty Jo, are the loving parents of two daughters, Debby and Patricia. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand today to honor Mr. 
Jess Hay and to thank him for his work in service to the people of Dallas and the great state of Texas. 
f 
HONORING THE MINORITY LEADER 
IN THE NEVADA STATE ASSEM-BLY: MARILYN KIRKPATRICK 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
congratulate and honor the current Minority Leader in the Nevada State Assembly, Marilyn Kirkpatrick (D–North Las Vegas) for her serv-ice to the citizens of the Battle Born State. I consider Marilyn both a colleague and a friend. She has served nobly since first being elected in November of 2004. Through a tena-cious work ethic and a strong ability to get things done, Marilyn rose to a leadership posi-tion and was elected by her colleagues as Speaker of the Nevada State Assembly from 2013–2014 in a chamber that was often filled with heated debates and battles. Marilyn and I frequently had inspiring discussions, and at the end of the day, I respect her prowess for policy and I stand here today recognizing her 
for her many accomplishments. While juggling various Assembly commitments, Marilyn con-tinued to serve as a mentor and a leader to her Girl Scouts of America. I seriously don’t know how she could multitask on so many im-portant issues, both inside the Statehouse and outside of the Statehouse. It was truly inspir-ing to observe Marilyn as she guided young Members with her wealth of institutional knowl-edge. Mr. Speaker, I commend Marilyn on her service to Nevada and wish her the best of luck on her next endeavors. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SARA SCHULER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Sara Schuler for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Sara has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything she does, and her ex-emplary work with Nationwide Mutual Insur-ance Co. is a testament to that. As the Human Resources Director she utilizes her abilities to help people grow and develop. In her free time she serves her community through chari-table organizations such as the Junior League of Des Moines, the St. Francis of Assisi Par-ish, and Hawthorn Hill. In all aspects of her life, Sara is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Sara in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Sara on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED CHIEF MASTER SER-GEANT JAMES C. BINNICKER 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to honor the life and legacy of Northwest Flor-ida’s beloved Chief Master Sergeant James C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.041 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E468 April 13, 2015 
Binnicker. Chief Binnicker served our Nation 
with honor and distinction for more than 33 years in the United States Air Force, rising to the highest enlisted position: Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force. 
Chief Binnicker was born in Orangeburg, 
South Carolina, and graduated from Aiken High School in 1956. Following his high school graduation, Chief Binnicker enlisted in the Air Force, where he completed his basic training 
at Lackland Air Force Base. During his long and distinguished Air Force career, Chief Binnicker served both at home and abroad in various capacities including as a life support specialist, air operations superintendent, Viet-namese linguist, First Sergeant and Command Chief Master Sergeant. Serving in such a wide array of challenging positions is a testament to Chief Binnicker’s assiduous work ethic and un-wavering commitment to duty, and his suc-cessful service in myriad capacities led to his selection for various senior leadership posi-tions. 
Thanks to his leadership abilities and wide- 
ranging experience, Chief Binnicker was se-lected in 1977 to serve as the Air Force Sen-ior Enlisted Advisor on the President’s Com-mission on Military Compensation, before going on to serve in a number of senior lead-ership roles. As a result of his exceptional service, Chief Binnicker was selected in 1985 for the 33-year extended tenure program, and in July 1986 he became the ninth Chief Mas-ter Sergeant of the Air Force. During his four- year tenure as Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force, Chief Binnicker served as an ad-viser to Secretary of the Air Force Edward C. Aldridge Jr. and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen-eral Larry D. Welch. In this position, he ad-vised Secretary Aldridge and General Welch on matters concerning welfare, effective utili-zation and progress of enlisted members of the Air Force. During his distinguished career, Chief Binnicker received a number of major awards and decorations, including: the Distin-guished Service Medal; Legion of Merit; Bronze Star Medal; Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters; Joint Service Commendation Medal; Air Force Commenda-tion Medal with oak leaf cluster; Vietnam Serv-ice Medal with three service stars; Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm; and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal. 
As with so many of our Nation’s brave 
servicemembers, the leadership skills and ex-ecutive experience gained by Chief Binnicker during his military career translated to im-mense success in the civilian world. Following his retirement from the Air Force, Chief Binnicker worked for a number of years as a senior vice-president at a major insurance company, before being selected to serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Air Force Enlisted Village, Inc. in beautiful Shalimar, Florida. In this position, Chief Binnicker oversaw the operations of Teresa Village, Bob Hope Village, and the Hawthorn House, ensuring a first-class retirement life for more than 400 residents. 
In addition to his military service and suc-
cessful business career, Chief Binnicker was also a leader in the veterans’ community and in Northwest Florida’s civil society. He served as the director of numerous organizations, in-cluding the Air Commando Association; the Air Force Memorial Foundation; the Air Force Ser-geants Association Museum Foundation; and Emerald Coast Hospice. As a result of his leadership and excellence, he received numer-
ous awards, including the Air Force Sergeants Association’s Americanism Award and the Ex-ecutive of the Year Award from the Florida As-sociation of Homes and Services for the Aging. 
To some Chief Binnicker will be remem-
bered as a patriot who served his country with honor and distinction, reaching the highest echelons of Air Force enlisted service as a re-sult of his character and commitment to serv-ice; to others he will be remembered as a suc-cessful business executive and leader in civil society; to his family and friends he will for-ever be remembered as a loving husband, fa-ther, and grandfather. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am honored and privileged to rec-ognize the life of Chief Master Sergeant James C. Binnicker. My wife Vicki joins me in extending our prayers and deepest condo-lences to his wife, Jan; children, Carmen and Michael; and granddaughter, Julia. 
f 
NAIMAH SARWAR’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Naimah Sarwar attends Pearland High 
School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
I come from a household where there is one 
rule I have learned from observation when it comes to discussing politics: DON’T. I re-member countless times after dinner parties, where my dad would walk out of the parlor where the men would sit to drink tea. In-stead of looking like he had just enjoyed a steaming cup of chai, he looked like he had walked out of a war zone. ‘‘Three hours,’’ he would say, much to my amusement. ‘‘They’ve been pointlessly arguing about pol-itics for three hours.’’ Instead of simply agreeing to disagree they created a vicious cycle of destructive and in my opinion, hilar-ious conversation. I have always been obsti-nately opinionated but rather than joining the conversation, I always chose to remain the casual observer. Why go to the trouble of arguing against someone who would always disagree with you? 
But I believe that is the root of the prob-
lem when it comes to American involvement in the political process. We have become complacent. We have become detached. We have become scared to raise our voices. We live in one of the greatest democracies in the world. However, I think that sometimes poli-ticians and constituents alike forget what that means. They forget that as citizens, it is up to us to speak up for what we believe in, and that politicians have a duty to rep-resent those beliefs. The American public 
needs to be reassured of the strength of its political efficacy because that is what makes our government tick. 
After attending Texas Girls’ State this 
summer I made several wonderful friends, who encouraged me to speak up about my opinions. Although we might not agree with each other when we argue about healthcare reform or foreign policy, which embarrass-ingly enough makes up our ‘‘girl talk’’, we are friends. We agree to disagree. Oftentimes people feel as though their ideas and solu-tions are so central to their identities that they must defend their beliefs as though de-fending themselves. I have not only become self-assured enough to share my opinions, but open to hearing the disagreement of oth-ers. It is important for people to care about the state of their government, and we must break through the stigma that it is a taboo topic. Bipartisanship not be considered rare. Conversations need to continue. Ideas need to be shared. Although one voice can’t swing an election, or pass a law, it can make a dif-ference. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BRIAN SCHWARTZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Brian Schwartz for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Brian has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of his pursuits, which is high-lighted by his exemplary work with Baker Group. As an Account Executive, his ability to work well with others is critically important be-cause he oversees multiple programs and events. In his free time, he serves his commu-nity through charitable organizations such as Habitat for Humanity and the Boot Camp for New Dads program. In all aspects of his life, Brian is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Brian in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Brian on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.035 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E469 April 13, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE WOMAN’S CLUB 
OF ARTESIA-CERRITOS 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wom-an’s Club of Artesia-Cerritos and their 100 years of service. It is an honor to represent a distinguished organization that embodies lead-ership, service, and commitment to the com-munity. I am proud to represent an organiza-tion such as the Woman’s Club of Artesia- Cerritos whose dedication and accomplish-ments over the past 100 years have had a profound impact on the community. 
Founded in 1915 as the Westside Reading 
Club, the Woman’s Club of Artesia-Cerritos is one of the oldest community service organiza-tions in both cities. Their community service has supported local programs and charities, including the Community Family Guidance Center, Friends of Cerritos Library and Artesia Library, and the Long Beach Veteran’s Hos-pital. 
Each year the Woman’s Club hosts a num-
ber of events and educational programs, and organizes volunteer services to support local community programs and charities. Their hard work and dedication illustrate the positive influ-ence that women have in our community. 
The positive impact the Woman’s Club has 
had, not only in the community they represent, but also in the surrounding neighborhoods is worthy of recognition. I wish them continued success and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Woman’s Club of Artesia- Cerritos as they celebrate their 100 Year Anni-versary. 
f 
HONORING MARK WRAY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride to honor the life of Mark Wray, a dedicated fam-ily man who committed himself to his commu-nity in Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
Mark Daniel Wray, Sr. was born on January 
30, 1960 in Los Alamos, New Mexico. When Mark was one year old the family decided to move to nearby Santa Fe. It’s here, in Santa Fe, where Mark built his life, raised his family, and watched his children grow in a community he loved dearly. 
It did not take long for Mark to find and 
marry the love of his life. Shortly after grad-uating, Mark and his high school sweetheart Elizabeth Salazar tied the knot and embarked on a lifelong journey together. That journey began with Mark’s new job with the Santa Fe Fire Department, an experience that molded Mark into the man he became. In 21 years of dedicated service, Mark ascended to rank of Captain earning a reputation for his selfless bravery. He took many risks to save people’s lives; his greatest joy was to see the smiles on the faces of those he saved. 
In September 1999, Mark’s beloved Eliza-
beth was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. Mark spent countless hours volunteering with 
the local Multiple Sclerosis Support Group and National Multiple Sclerosis Society, helping with pot lucks, securing resources, and raising money for the society to develop a cure for the disease. Mark’s support for his loved ones was unwavering, and he saw his community as an extension of his family. 
Mark was known as ‘‘Team Dad’’ among 
members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) at Santa Fe High School and the Pony Express Drill team at St. Michael’s High School. He was a Boy Scout leader, a leader at the local Little League and All Star baseball teams, helped build props for his chil-dren’s classes, and volunteered at many orga-nizations, including the St. Francis Catholic School and National Dance Institution of NM. 
While Mark is no longer with us, his lasting 
contributions are still a presence in the com-munity to this day. His character is espoused in the individuals he inspired throughout his life, and his enduring principles live on in the hearts and minds of all those he met. May the memory of Mark continue to live on in all of us. 
f 
OBSERVING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PASSAGE OF THE ELE-MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT OF 1965 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 
50 years ago, when Congress passed the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act, they recognized the fact that education is a right, not a privilege. 
President Johnson celebrated this achieve-
ment, stating, ‘‘it will offer new hope to tens of thousands,’’ and will help ‘‘children of poor families overcome their greatest barrier to progress: poverty.’’ 
Today, millions of children face similar chal-
lenges, as the gap between the very rich and the very poor continues to grow and the path to the middle class is disappearing. 
Instead of ideologically-driven cuts to edu-
cation that undermine our economic future, we should invest in early learning programs that yield high economic returns. We should pro-tect the ESEA’s investments in the students, teachers, and families who need it most. 
We need an education law that gives teach-
ers the tools and flexibility they need to do what’s best for their students. 
We have to protect our country’s most fun-
damental promise to children: the promise of opportunity—that all children deserve a fair shot and a high-quality education regardless of their zip code; and regardless of the size of their parents’ bank accounts. 
Communities across the country are working 
hard to meet today’s economic challenges. They deserve a Congress that will roll up its sleeves, make the tough decisions, and work together on an education law that puts kids first. A TRIBUTE TO KATIE STOCKING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Katie Stocking for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Katie has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of her pursuits, which is high-lighted by her exemplary work with Happy Me-dium LLC. As the Founder and Owner of Happy Medium, she utilizes her go-getter atti-tude to continuously advance the vision of her company. In her free time, she serves her community through volunteering with Beacon of Life, Youth Emergency Shelter & Services and WesleyLife Meals on Wheels. In all as-pects of her life, Katie is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Katie in the United States 
Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Katie on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. DAVID HOLMES 
SWINTON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Dr. David Holmes Swinton in recognition of his 20 years of service as presi-dent of Benedict College. In commemoration of his two decades of leadership, he has been presented with the college’s Legacy Award, an honor of which he is most deserving 
Dr. Swinton’s tenure at Benedict has been 
exemplary. He has guided the institution through two successful regional accreditations as well as the national accreditation of seven schools and programs. He has overseen a re-markable transformation of the Benedict cam-pus, acquiring over 120 acres of new land and overseeing the construction or acquisition of numerous facilities, including a football sta-dium, six residence halls, a business develop-ment center, an administration building, a stu-dent health center, and a state-of-the-art cam-pus center and dining hall. He also spear-headed the redevelopment of the surrounding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.048 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E470 April 13, 2015 
neighborhood through Benedict’s nationally 
recognized Community Development Corpora-tion, led negotiations with the U.S. Department of Education for the MSIs/HBCUs on Title IV issues, and served as Chairman of the United Negro College Fund Member Presidents. 
Dr. Swinton’s able stewardship has 
achieved results. Last year, Benedict ranked 14th in Washington Monthly’s baccalaureate college rankings, which rated schools based on their contributions to social mobility, re-search, and service. In 2011, the college re-ceived the Higher Education Civic Engage-ment Award from the Washington Center in recognition of its outstanding contributions to our community. People have taken notice— since Dr. Swinton became president, the col-lege’s enrollment has more than doubled. 
The presidency of Benedict College is only 
the most recent position in which Dr. Swinton has distinguished himself. He previously served as Dean of the School of Business at Jackson State University and as Director of the Southern Center of Studies in Public Pol-icy at Clark College. He is a renowned schol-ar, specializing in the economic status of Afri-can Americans. His scholarly work has been featured in an impressive array of publications, including the National Urban League’s The State of Black America, American Economics Review, The Review of Black Political Econ-omy, Public Administration Review, Journal of Urban Analysis, Business in Society, and ‘‘. . . And Miles to Go Before I Sleep,’’ a scholarly collection published by the Institute for Public Service and Policy Research of the University of South Carolina in commemora-tion of the 50th anniversary of the Brown v. Board of Education decision. 
With Benedict’s emphasis on community 
service, it is fitting that Dr. Swinton has used his economic expertise to benefit the public. He was the first African American Chairman of the Greater Columbia Chamber of Commerce Board in the organization’s 92-year history. He helped organize a group of investors to create South Carolina Community Bank, the only mi-nority-owned bank in the state. Dr. Swinton has shown his commitment to be long-term, having served as an economic advisor to the National Urban League since 1980 and on Black Enterprise magazine’s Board of Econo-mists since 1990. 
With such an illustrious career, it is no sur-
prise that Dr. Swinton has received numerous 
honors and awards, including the National Economic Association’s Samuel Z. Westerfield Award, the Phi Beta Sigma Lifetime Achieve-ment Award in Education, and the Order of the Palmetto, South Carolina’s highest civilian honor. In 2007, he was elected to the South Carolina Black Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating Dr. Swinton on this milestone. I look forward to continuing to work with him in the years to come, and I wish him Godspeed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE ROTARY CLUB 
OF ZANESVILLE’S 100TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the many achievements of the Rotary Club of Zanesville on the occasion of the 
100th anniversary of the club’s founding. 
For a century, the citizens of Zanesville and 
Muskingum County have benefited from a group of men and women who are committed to promoting community service. A milestone such as this certainly deserves recognition. The Rotary Club of Zanesville’s history spans two World Wars, the birth and demise of the Soviet Union, the spread of mass transpor-tation and the advancement of high speed, global telecommunications. Throughout this, the Rotary Club of Zanesville’s members have served their community and worked to im-prove the lives of their neighbors. 
Service to others and service to the commu-
nity are timeless American traditions and hall-marks of what has made our nation so great. For 100 years, the members of The Rotary Club of Zanesville have fashioned a reputation that reflects their core values of service, fel-lowship, diversity, integrity, and leadership. Through projects like The Phoenix Award and the Rotary Club Christmas Party for Zanesville Special Needs Students, the club continues Rotary International founder Paul Harris’ vision of a group of business professionals gathering in friendship and fellowship to create positive, lasting change in their community and around the world. 
On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th 
Congressional District, I thank the Rotary Club of Zanesville for their service to the commu-nity. I wish them continued success in the next 100 years. 
f 
BRITTANY EXLEY’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Brittany Exley attends Pearland High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, why is it important to be involved in the political process? 
‘‘No matter where you stand politically— 
even if you are unsure of what your political ideology is—it is important to take part in the process of shaping our government’’ (Brad Henry). The awareness gained by being involved in the political process is not only a good thing but a fantastic thing because ignorance can be dangerous. Also being ac-tive in politics is one of the very few ways, in today’s world, that one human can change the nation just by voting or stating their ideas and opinions. 
If more people were involved in politics 
there would be more people that are more aware of what is happening in the world out-side of themselves. They could listen to the reports on other nations and their relation-ships with each other. However, they wouldn’t just hear about other countries and 
their problems but what is going on within our own nation, both good and bad aspects of it. Young people are the biggest group of non-voters within the United States’ popu-lation of able voters. They believe that they have too much work and things to do that they do not vote, which is one of the few ways that they could influence the govern-ments direction and create a bigger voice for themselves. If they were to get involved they would be more aware of the occurrences hap-pening in all the world’s countries and every relationship each nation has with one an-other. Therefore the young people would be more knowledgeable, less ignorant, and have more ability to state and try to stand up for their views in the political process. 
If you had the chance to change the world 
for the better by one simple action, would you? Being active in shaping the government is one way to do this. Voting for the change or way you believe the government should be ran is your voice, why not use it? One per-son’s vote can determine who is in office, what bills are passed, and the actions of the government. If a person votes it takes their values, beliefs, and opinions are one more step closer to actually happening. Voting, stating, and claiming their ideas and opin-ions can influence other people’s beliefs around them and can eventually shape the government. 
Taking an active role in the government 
can transform politics to fit your own views, and change for the better of the nation. It can also make you more aware of your sur-roundings and less ignorant of what is actu-ally happening in the world. Being active within the political process can change the world in many ways. 
f 
TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 36TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
April 11, we marked the 36 year anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act, which serves as the legal foundation of our nation’s important and enduring relationship with Taiwan. 
The United States and Taiwan are united in 
common interests and a shared commitment to freedom and democracy. The Taiwanese people share our same cultural values of re-spect for individual liberties, freedom of speech, adherence to the rule of law, and sup-port for human rights. Taiwan also shares a similar political system and works with our na-tion on issues of global security and counter- terrorism. 
In addition to this close cultural, political, 
and security relationship, the United States and Taiwan also share a thriving economic partnership. Bilateral trade between the United States and Taiwan surpassed $67 billion last year, making Taiwan now our 10th largest trading partner—an impressive feat consid-ering Taiwan’s relatively small size of only 23 million people. In fact, my home state of Flor-ida exported nearly $300 million worth of goods to Taiwan in 2013 alone, supporting jobs and livelihood for American workers. 
Over the last few decades, Taiwan’s eco-
nomic and political ascension, with close American cooperation, has proven to be one of the great success stories in Asia, and we look forward to many more decades of friend-ship and mutual support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\E13AP5.REC E13AP5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E471 April 13, 2015 
A TRIBUTE TO EMILEE 
RICHARDSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Emilee Richardson for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Emilee has the determination and drive to 
be successful in all of her pursuits, which is highlighted by her exemplary work with the Science Center of Iowa. As the Marketing and Communications Manager, she utilizes her management abilities to develop new pro-grams, like the Girls in Science Initiative to en-courage girls to explore careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. In her free time, she serves on several boards to help young people in her surrounding commu-nity such as the Lead Like a Lady, Young Nonprofit Professionals Network and American Marketing Association Iowa. In all aspects of her life, Emilee is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Emilee in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Emilee on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING LYDA HILL 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to honor Lyda Hill, the 2015 recipient of the J. Erik Jonsson Ethics Award from Southern Meth-odist University’s Cary M. Maguire Center for Ethics and Public Responsibility. 
Ms. Hill has been a philanthropic fixture in 
the Dallas community for many years and has generously donated to the many causes in which she strongly believes. An alumnus of the Hockaday School in Dallas, Ms. Hill do-nated $20 million to fund the all-girls school’s science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) program. Ms. Hill recently donated $10 million to the ‘‘I Stand for Parkland’’ cam-paign at Parkland Hospital in Dallas and $50 million to the University of Texas MD Ander-
son Cancer Center’s Moon Shots Program in Houston which has a goal to eliminate cancer through improved detection and treatments. 
Ms. Hill has tirelessly advocated for science 
through her generosity and time dedicated to the causes in which she believes. In 2013, Ms. Hill was recognized as the only single woman on the Philanthropy list for her esti-mated hundreds of millions of dollars in dona-tion to organizations focused on ‘‘game-chang-ing’’ innovation and science research. In 2010, Ms. Hill became a member of The Giving Pledge, an initiative created by Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett that en-courages the world’s wealthiest people to commit a large majority of their wealth to char-ity. Ms. Hill certainly gives strategically and generously and has pledged to donate all of her assets to charity, mostly during her life-time. 
Ms. Hill is the daughter of the late Margaret 
Hunt Hill, for whom the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge which spans the Trinity River in Dallas was named. Ms. Hill supported the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge project and several other community revitalization projects in the Dallas area. Ms. Hill has chaired non-profit groups such as the Crystal Charity Ball, Junior League of Dallas, and the Dallas and Texas chapters of the American Heart Association. 
Ms. Hill was the recipient of the President’s 
Volunteer Action Award and the Best of Amer-ica Award in 1985 and in 1988, she was named ‘‘Outstanding Volunteer in Texas’’ by the Governor. Ms. Hill has earned many awards throughout her lifetime as her contribu-tions to health, science, public radio, edu-cation, and veterans generously continue. I appreciate the opportunity to recognize and congratulate Lyda Hill on the occasion of her winning the J. Erik Jonsson Ethics Award. 
f 
PAOLA OBISPO’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Paola Obispo attends Manvel High School 
in Manvel, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, why is it important to be involved in the political process? 
In order for our current government to 
function at its optimal levels, participation in our democracy is vital. If citizens of the United States are not aware of how the polit-ical process works they are powerless and have furthermore failed to aide their country in reaching its full potential. It is impera-tive that today’s citizens be knowledgeable about politics because it is only by actively participating in our political system that change and improvement will come to our 
nation. The question ‘‘Why should people be politically active?’’ has a simple answer. People should be politically active so that the government reflects the interests of the people who are being governed. In order for all important problems in our government to be addressed all stakeholders must make known their intent to be heard. 
The bigger and better question in politics 
should be: Why are some groups of people not voting or further becoming politically ac-tive? According to the PBS News hour website, only 34.6% of eligible voters turned up for the 2014 midterm election.
1This num-
ber had not been so low since 1944 when World War II was being fought. Statistics like this reveal the truth behind our democ-racy and the fact that the majority of the people do not rule as most Americans do not participate.
2Although considerably more 
people do vote in presidential elections the percentage only rises to 58.2%.
3This new 
presidential turnout percentage while im-pressive compared to the midterm participa-tion percentage appears dull when compared to political participation found around the world. It would be easy to point an accusa-tory figure at those how abstain from voting as lazy, irresponsible, and ignorant people who deserve underrepresentation. However, by accepting this stance it is assumed that a vast number of Americans poses those nega-tive characteristics. Therefore, there must be an underlying cause to this systematic disenfranchisement epidemic. 
Possible causes to this disenfranchisement 
would include the effects of voting dilution through political gerrymandering and re-strictive voting procedures. It is impossible to deny that gerrymandering those not occur as the odd shapes that compromise districts speaks for itself and the fact that they tend to always benefit the artist of such bizarre and abstract divisions leaves a lot to be said. However despite laws that prohibit this ma-licious practice, lawmakers still blatantly ignore the law. This act is not only harmful to the opposing part as they lose an election, it is harmful to democracy itself as it teach-es Americans that their voice is not impor-tant and will be impeded by those very peo-ple meant to protect their liberty. Another possible cause of voter discouragement could be stricter voting requirements such as the Voter ID law that was conveniently passed right before the election. The most mali-cious aspect of this law is that it was passed right before an election and stripped many voters of their right to vote. 
f 
HONORING CONSUELO RAYMOND 
KAZEN 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the life of Consuelo Raymond Kazen, a lifelong Laredoan and wife of our former colleague, the late Congressman Abra-ham ‘‘Chick’’ Kazen, Jr. 
Consuelo R. Kazen died Sunday, March 22, 
2015 in Laredo, Texas. Over the course of her long life, Mrs. Kazen gave her ‘‘considerable creative talents and passion’’ to a number of community organizations, building up a reputa-tion as a widely revered citizen and well-re-spected teacher. 
She was actively involved in the Pan Amer-
ican Round Table, the Texas Senate Ladies Club, the Texas State Teachers Association, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.054 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E472 April 13, 2015 
the Congressional Texas State Society, the 
Society of Martha Washington, and the Laredo Doll Club. A devoted Catholic, Connie was also a Lady in the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre. 
Consuelo Raymond Kazen was born the 6th 
of May 1919 to Mr. and Mrs. Manuel J. and Santos Zapata Raymond Jr. who preceded her in death. Her beloved husband, Congress-man Abraham ‘‘Chick’’ Kazen, Jr.; sisters, Te-resa Raymond Flores and Mary Sanchez; and brother, Adolfo Raymond have also preceded her in death. Mrs. Kazen is survived by her sisters, Gloria Woods, Chabela Martinez and Zita Coffey; brothers, Manuel J. (Angelina) Raymond Jr. and Rolando (Amada) Raymond her children, Abraham Kazen III, Norma Kazen, Christina (Ronny) Attal, Catherine Kazen, and Jo Betsy Kazen as well as eleven grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren. She will be remembered as a ‘‘nurturing moth-er, grandmother, great-grandmother and friend’’ who will be dearly missed by her fam-ily, friends, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to have the op-
portunity to honor the legacy of this great Laredoan, Consuelo Raymond Kazen. Her many contributions to South Texas and the City of Laredo will not be forgotten. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CAILIN STOCKDALE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Cailin Stockdale for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Cailin has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of her pursuits, which is high-lighted by her exemplary work with Boys & Girls Club of Central Iowa. As the Director of Marketing and Communication, she channels her compassion and desire to help others and grow this wonderful organization. In her free time she serves her community through volun-teering with Everybody Wins! Iowa, GDMLI and The Principal Charity Classic’s Networking on the Green Committee. In all aspects of her life, Cailin is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Cailin in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Cailin on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty 
Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
THAILAND’S FREEDOM OF THE 
PRESS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Freedom to 
say what you believe is a universal human right but certain rulers do not seem to get that. 
On March 25th, Prayuth Chan-ocha, the 
junta leader and acting Prime Minister of Thai-land warned journalists, ‘‘You don’t have to support the government . . . but you should report the truth . . . or we’ll probably just exe-cute [you].’’ 
Prayuth and his fellow generals took over 
the elected government in a coup last May. The country has been under martial law ever since then. Prayuth can ban any political gath-ering and the military can arrest and detain whoever whenever they want—including jour-nalists. 
This latest threat should be taken seriously. Freedom of speech is our first amendment 
for a reason. It’s the building block of all other rights and to promote change for the good of the people. 
The rulers in Thailand should immediately 
make clear that freedom of speech, including freedom of the press, is a right that all the people of Thailand can and should exercise. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
YUSSRA HAMID’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Yussra Hamid attends Manvel High School 
in Manvel, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
Euthanasia is the ‘‘act or practice of kill-
ing or permitting the death of hopelessly sick or injured individual s...i n  a  rel-
atively painless way’’. Throughout the 20th century there were events that brought the legalities of euthanasia to the spotlight of American politics, and recently, euthanasia has once again emerged as a topic of debate amongst the American public. Brittany May-nard, a twenty-nine year old American diag-nosed with malignant brain cancer (she was given six months to live), died on November 1st by taking a lethal dose of medication in Oregon where assisted suicide is permitted. Before her death, Maynard defended her deci-
sion by stating that she would rather die 
with dignity than suffer the harsh symptoms her brain cancer would inflict upon her. The case of Brittany Maynard facilitated great discussion over the topic of euthanasia and whether it should be made legal across the United States of America or not. While advo-cates for assisted suicide may appear to have a compelling argument, euthanasia should not be permitted because its legalization will corrupt the medical field and assisted suicide is not protected by the Constitution. 
When practicing, medical personnel are re-
quired to abide by the Hippocratic Oath, an affidavit that establishes that physicians will ‘‘[will not] give a deadly drug to any-body who [asks] for it.’’ Opponents of as-sisted suicide state that if euthanasia were legalized, it would breach the oath. Dr. Leon Mass of President’s Council on Bioethics ar-gued that physicians should not participate in the administration of lethal drugs because ‘‘the taboo against doctors killing patients . . . is the embodiment of reason and wisdom . . . without it, medicine will have lost its claim to be an ethical and trustworthy pro-fession’’. The practice would cause the dete-rioration of physician-patient relationships because the patient would not know if the doctor has his/her best interest in mind or if (the physician is receiving money from eu-thanasia advocates for promoting the prac-tice or from insurance companies that no longer want to cover the terminally ill pa-tient. While terminal diseases generally do lead to the fast death of the individual, such pressure on a patient could cause him/her to make an impulsive decision that would vio-late the patient’s right to the pursuit of hap-piness, one guaranteed by the US Constitu-tion. 
As cases like Maynard’s gain attention, eu-
thanasia will continue to spur controversy and its legality will be questioned in the Su-preme Court. However, until the world be-comes a utopian society where malpractice is nonexistent, euthanasia should be illegal because the practice violates the basic prin-ciples of medicine and the Constitution. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DAVID 
WOLNERMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize David Wolnerman of Des Moines, Iowa, for his bravery and resiliency during a very dark time in world history. David was born in Mocev, Poland, to Pinchas and Hannah Wolnerman and at the age of 12 was taken to his first work camp. Not long after, David was moved to a concentration camp, before he was ultimately liberated by General Dwight D. Eisenhower at Dachau. It wasn’t until after his time in the concentration camps that he met his wife Jennie. After the war, Jennie and David lived in Munich, Germany, before eventually making their way to the United States. 
David and his family currently reside in Des 
Moines, and as the last Holocaust survivor in the state David has the unique opportunity to tell his story. Later this week he will be recog-nized by the Greater Des Moines Jewish Fed-eration for his accomplishment and a book de-tailing his life experiences will be shared with the world. 
I would like to thank David for his dedication 
to the State of Iowa and showing us just how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.057 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E473 April 13, 2015 
resilient the human spirit can be. I ask my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating David and his family for their accomplishments. I wish them nothing but the best in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CAROL SCHATZ’S 
TENURE AS PRESIDENT/CEO OF CENTRAL CITY ASSOCIATION OF LOS ANGELES 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Carol Schatz on being honored with the Heart of the City Award at this year’s ‘‘Treasures of Los Angeles’’ lunch-eon. As president and chief executive officer of the Central City Association (CCA) of Los Angeles, Carol has played an integral role in making Los Angeles one of the world’s great cities—a growing and thriving metropolis, wel-coming to businesses, investors, developers, and travelers. 
This year, Carol celebrates her 25th year at 
the Central City Association of Los Angeles. That is a remarkable milestone, and it is worth reviewing her successes during that time. 
Under Carol’s leadership, CCA has been 
one of the leading business advocacy organi-zations in the City and County of Los Angeles, coordinating with community leaders and elected officials to make Los Angeles a better place to live and work. 
In Downtown Los Angeles, development 
and investment are at record levels. Down-town is now home to more than 50,000 resi-dents, with units to house another 15,000 under construction or in the process of being approved. 
Carol has played a critical role in Down-
town’s renaissance. At her direction, CCA has worked to transform and revitalize the area through a broad set of strategies ranging from mixed-use/mixed-income projects to new transportation amenities. Carol initiated an Adaptive Reuse Ordinance to make Downtown a housing destination, and coordinated state funding and incentives to help developers turn empty office buildings into brand-new housing. CCA also joined with the Los Angeles City Council to help reinstitute the Civic Center Au-thority, which developed a master plan for the area. 
In 1997, Carol’s efforts led to the creation of 
the Downtown Center Business Improvement District, a coalition of property owners in the heart of Downtown L.A. With Carol at its helm, the DCBID has brought substantial new resi-dential and commercial investment to Down-town, and has made it a safer and cleaner place to live. 
Carol Schatz’s vision, hard work, and perse-
verance have garnered her much praise from city and state leaders, and the ‘‘Heart of the City’’ award is just the latest well-deserved ex-ample. I have worked with Carol for many years to keep Los Angeles moving forward, and am proud to call her a friend. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this great honor. HONORING MATT COLIN 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today with my colleague Congressman T
EDDEUTCH to congratulate Head Coach Matt 
Colin, a dear family friend, for his outstanding leadership with the Wellington High School Boys’ Basketball team. On February 29, he— alongside his brother Mike Colin, varsity As-sistant Coach—led the Wolverines to their first state championship. 
Coach Colin’s leadership has been widely 
recognized. He received the ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ from the Florida High School Athletic League for 8A Basketball. 
In addition to the state championship, 
Coach Colin guided the Wolverines through a historic season record of 29–3 and the pro-gram’s longest winning streak of 16 consecu-tive wins. 
In pursuit of their first state championship, 
the Wolverines adopted the San Antonio Spurs’ ‘‘Pound the Rock’’ mantra. Coach Colin used this phrase to motivate his students to persevere throughout the season, despite all odds. This is a principle that rings true in all aspects of life and has helped his students grow into leaders among their peers. 
It brings me great joy to honor his leader-
ship and mentorship in our community. I wish Coach Colin and the Wolverines continued success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOE STOPULOS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Joe Stopulos for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Joe has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of his pursuits, which is high-lighted by his exemplary work with Holmes Murphy & Associates Inc. As an Account Ex-ecutive, his work-ethic and determination allow him to continuously grow his sales business. In his free time Joe likes to dedicate himself to serving others and being a leader in his community, volunteering at numerous church activities and leadership events. In all aspects of his life, Joe is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Joe in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-
ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Joe on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIBRARIES OF 
JACKSON, MICHIGAN 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the rich tradition of libraries serving Jackson, Michigan. 
Libraries in our community date back to 
March 15, 1864 when the Young Men’s Asso-ciation (YMA) established a reading room. In late 1865, it turned into a subscription library for YMA members. 
In 1885, the Jackson Public Library was 
formed following a new law allowing cities to use tax revenue to support a free public li-brary. 
In 1929, the Jackson County Library was 
created for residents living outside the city of Jackson. 
The two separate entities merged together 
in 1978 to form the Jackson District Library. 
Today, the Jackson District Library is a vital 
anchor of the Jackson community where resi-dents of all ages come to learn, research, and discover. 
From story-time for children to researching 
family histories to taking an online course, the library provides a wide range of services. 
A hub for community activity, the library will 
coordinate a festival in May 2015 for nationally recognized storytellers where over eleven thousand children will attend. 
The Jackson District Library is a place 
where residents gather freely to learn and dis-cuss the important issues of the day and where they are continually inspired to acquire more knowledge and skills. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-
brating 150 years of libraries in Jackson Coun-ty, thank these institutions for all they con-tribute to the community, and wish them an-other 150 years of success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MIKE TAYLOR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Mike Tay-lor for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.061 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E474 April 13, 2015 
are selected for this prestigious honor based 
on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Mike has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of his pursuits, which is high-lighted by his exemplary work at Midwest Growth Partner. As Managing Partner, Mike works with others to make solid investments and avoid risk. Mike spends his free time serv-ing others by volunteering as a youth football coach at the local YMCA. Mike’s outstanding work ethic and dedication to service, both pro-fessionally and personally, makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Mike in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Mike on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
MANZI MASOZERA’S ESSAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Manzi Masozera attends Pearland High 
School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
Ever since the beginning of time, an insti-
tution that organizes a group of human beings has been essential to the stability of any civil society. From the governing bodies of Ancient Greece to Ancient Babylon, gov-ernment has been around for millennia. Its existence allows for citizens to know what they can or cannot do according to law. Good government brings forth social and political order and creates the most humanly possible form of freedom and equality. Whenever someone breaks the law, whenever someone is on trial, or whenever someone fights for what he or she believes in, the government is there as an aid to make sure justice is served. I believe that the government’s role in our daily lives is to abide by the Declara-tion of Independence and protect our inalien-able rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The differentiating factor of the American government versus the govern-ments of other countries is the fact that America was the first to establish a written constitution that had a bill of rights and was the first to write down the idea of ‘‘God- given’’ inalienable rights which for years prior was only conceptualized. While the 
government states our laws and rights, someone has to be there to enforce it in order for us to retain stability. This is why in our democracy, we have the ability to elect our leaders to govern over us. In Amer-ica we have the rights to elect senators, con-gressmen/women, and presidents. These lead-ers play an important role in our lives be-cause they make sure that the law is fol-lowed and they even propose new laws that they feel may improve the status of the country. A good government also allows its citizens to remove leaders if they don’t abide by the same laws that the citizens are re-quired to follow. Overall, government is an essential institution that allows for order and stability in our societies. It is necessary for justice to be served for the ones who need it, and protection for the inhabitants of the country. The role government plays in our daily lives is important because it allows for peace to prevail in the ever-growing and globalized world that we live in. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO KEVIN TIERNAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Kevin Tiernan for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on the combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Kevin has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all of his pursuits, which is high-lighted by his exemplary work at Bankers Trust Co., where he is the Vice President of Sales and Development. It is clear Kevin has a passion for finance and his community. Kevin spends his free time serving as a men-tor for the ‘‘I Have a Dream Foundation,’’—he also serves on the Community Youth Con-cepts board of directors. His work ethic and dedication to service has and will continue to make our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Kevin in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Kevin on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
April 14, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 15 
Time to be announced 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to continue consider-
ation of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nomina-tions of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsec-ondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Edu-cation and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education. 
TBA 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To receive a closed briefing on the major 
threats facing Navy forces and the Navy’s current and projected capabili-ties to meet those threats in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine American 
food aid, focusing on why reform mat-ters. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2016 for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission. 
SD–406 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine IRS chal-
lenges in implementing the Affordable Care Act. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the need to 
reform asset forfeiture. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold closed hearings to examine pro-
posed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the national intelligence and military intelligence programs 
SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.066 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E475 April 13, 2015 
Committee on Appropriations 
Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for military construc-tion and military family housing for select combatant commanders and se-lect defense agencies. 
SD–124 
1:30 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine the IRS im-
personation scam and the govern-ment’s response. 
SD–562 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
To hold hearings to examine funding the 
Department of Homeland Security role in cybersecurity, focusing on protec-tion to partnership. 
SD–138 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
S–116 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion plans and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine if taxes are 
holding back small business growth. 
SD–G50 
2:45 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
APRIL 16 
Time to be announced 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to continue consider-
ation of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nomina-tions of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsec-ondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Edu-cation and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education. 
TBA 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Pacific 
Command and U.S. Forces Korea in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Education. 
SD–124 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine regulatory 
burdens to obtaining mortgage credit. 
SD–538 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Energy 
Information Administration’s annual energy outlook for 2015. 
SD–366 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending ex-
ecutive business. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. 
SD–192 
APRIL 20 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the 2020 
Census, focusing on challenges facing the bureau for a modern, cost-effective survey. 
SD–342 
APRIL 21 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
SH–216 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties and challenges for agriculture trade with Cuba. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and 
USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
the efficiency and effectiveness of the Department of State. 
SD–419 APRIL 22 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-
tion of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine reform of 
the defense acquisition system in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
and Navy nuclear programs and the im-plementation of nuclear enterprise re-view recommendations in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
APRIL 23 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Health Care 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of the medical device tax on jobs, inno-vation, and patients. 
SD–215 
APRIL 28 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
APRIL 30 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 703, to re-
authorize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal fa-cilities. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine the Bureau 
of Land Management’s final rule on hy-draulic fracturing. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13AP8.000 E13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D368 Monday, April 13, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2093–S2140 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 896–902, and S. Res. 133–134.
                                                       Page S2110 
Measures Reported: 
Reported on Tuesday, March 31, during the ad-
journment: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Activities 
of the Committee on Armed Services, 113th Con-gress, First and Second Sessions’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–7) 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report of the Select 
Committee on Intelligence Covering the Period Jan-uary 3, 2013, to January 5, 2015.’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–8) 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Activities 
of the Committee on Finance during the 113th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–9) 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Activities 
of the Committee on the Judiciary during the 113th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–10) 
Reported on Monday, April 13: Special Report entitled ‘‘Review of Legislative Ac-
tivity During the 113th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–11) 
S. 142, to require the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–12) 
S. 304, to improve motor vehicle safety by en-
couraging the sharing of certain information, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–13)
                                                                Page S2110 
Measures Passed: 
Gold Star Wives Day: Committee on the Judici-
ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 131, designating April 5, 2015, as ‘‘Gold Star 
Wives Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2139 
National Public Health Week: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 133, supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Public Health Week.
                                 Page S2139 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the 
report of the veto of S.J. Res. 8, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures, received during adjournment of the Senate on March 31, 2015; ordered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Jour-nal, and held at the desk. (PM–12)
                 Page S2107 
Removal of Injunction of Secrecy: The injunction 
of secrecy was removed from the following treaty: 
Protocol Amending the Tax Convention with 
Japan (Treaty Doc. No. 114–1). 
The treaty was transmitted to the Senate today, 
considered as having been read for the first time, and referred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be print-ed.
                                                                                      Page S2139 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 95 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
136), Alfred H. Bennett, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas.
                                                         Pages S2103–04, S2140 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Dean A. Reuter, of Virginia, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring September 14, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D13AP5.REC D13AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D369 April 13, 2015 
Shamina Singh, of New York, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2019. 
Gabriel Camarillo, of Texas, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of the Air Force. 
Joyce Louise Connery, of Massachusetts, to be a 
Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2019. 
Joseph Bruce Hamilton, of Texas, to be a Member 
of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for the remainder of the term expiring October 18, 2016. 
Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Energy (International Affairs). 
William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambas-
sador to the Kingdom of Cambodia. 
David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be 
Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. 
David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be 
an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations). 
19 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 13 Army nominations in the rank of general. 30 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, and Navy.
                                                      Page S2140 Messages from the House:                                 Page S2108 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2108 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2108 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2108–10 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2110–12 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2112 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2105–07 
Text of S. Con. Res. 11 as Previously Agreed to: 
                                                                                    Pages S2112–39 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—136)                                                         Pages S2103–04 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:09 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 14, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S2139–40.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 33 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1731–1763; and 12 resolutions, H.J. Res. 42–43; H. Con. Res. 34; and H. Res. 190–198 were introduced.
                                                Pages H2151–53 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2154–56 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed on April 6, 2015 
as follows: 
H.R. 622, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–51); 
H.R. 1105, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–52); 
H.R. 650, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to 
modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage (H. Rept. 114–53); 
H.R. 685, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to 
improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (H. 
Rept. 114–54); 
H.R. 1195, to amend the Consumer Financial 
Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–55); 
H.R. 1265, to apply the requirements of the Fed-
eral Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection (H. Rept. 114–56, Part 1); and 
H.R. 1529, to amend the Truth in Lending Act 
and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community fi-nancial institutions with respect to certain rules re-lating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–57). 
Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 299, to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank 
Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–58); 
H.R. 601, to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
to provide an exception to the annual privacy notice requirement (H. Rept. 114–59); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D370 April 13, 2015 
H.R. 1259, to provide for an application process 
for interested parties to apply for an area to be des-ignated as a rural area, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–60); 
H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Avail-
ability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands (H. Rept. 114–61); 
H.R. 1480, to ensure access to certain information 
for financial services industry regulators, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–62); 
H.R. 1650, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-
curity Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible professionals to freely con-tract, without penalty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare bene-ficiaries to use their Medicare benefits, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–63); 
H.R. 1104, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–64); 
H. Res. 189, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 650) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions pro-vided for points and fees in connection with a mort-gage transaction, and providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (H. Rept. 114–65); 
H.R. 709, to provide for the termination of em-
ployment of employees of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice who take certain official actions for political pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–66); 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-ex-empt status of certain organizations, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–67); 
H.R. 1024, to provide for the compensation of 
furloughed Department of Homeland Security em-ployees in the event of a lapse in Department of Homeland Security appropriations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–68); 
H.R. 1152, to prohibit officers and employees of 
the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–69); 
H.R. 1058, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that Internal Rev-enue Service employees are familiar with and act in 
accord with certain taxpayer rights, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–70); and 
H.R. 1295, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to improve the process for making deter-minations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–71). 
                                                                                            Page H2151 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2117 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) 
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Il-linois, Mr. Schock, the whole number of the House is 432.
                                                                             Page H2117 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:17 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4 p.m.                                                           Page H2119 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Capital Access for Small Community Financial 
Institutions Act of 2015: H.R. 299, to amend the 
Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Fed-eral home loan bank;
                                       Pages H2119–20 
Eliminate Privacy Notice Confusion Act: H.R. 
601, to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to pro-vide an exception to the annual privacy notice re-quirement;
                                                             Pages H2120–21 
Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural 
Communities Act: H.R. 1259, to provide for an ap-
plication process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, by a 
2⁄3yea- 
and-nay vote of 401 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 145; 
                                                                      Pages H2121–23, H2127 
Bureau Advisory Commission Transparency Act: 
H.R. 1265, to apply the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
401 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 146; 
                                                                Pages H2123–24, H2127–28 
Amending the Expedited Funds Availability 
Act: H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds 
Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Is-lands; and
                                                              Pages H2124–25 
SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege En-
hancement Act: H.R. 1480, to ensure access to cer-
tain information for financial services industry regu-lators, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with 
none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 147. 
                                                                Pages H2125–26, H2128–29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D371 April 13, 2015 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:52 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H2126 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to dis-
charge from committee and agree to (H. Con. Res. 9) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of vic-tims of the Holocaust.
                                            Page H2129 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to dis-
charge from committee and agree to (H. Con. Res. 34) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces.
                                                                                 Page H2129 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan: Agreed by unanimous 
consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 29, 2015 for the Speaker to de-clare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan.
            Page H2129 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29. 
                                                                                            Page H2129 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2117, H2119. 
Senate Referrals: S. Con. Res. 11 was held at the 
desk and S. 535 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
                                          Page H2144 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2127, H2128, H2128–29. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 9:15 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2015; MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 650, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 685, the ‘‘Mort-gage Choice Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by a record vote of 5–3, a closed rule for H.R. 650. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The 
rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit. The rule also grants a closed rule for H.R. 685. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-
visions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The rule also provides for the adoption in the House of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, for purposes of requesting a conference with the Sen-ate. The rule takes from the Speaker’s table S. Con. Res. 11, adopts an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H. Con. Res. 27, as adopted by the House, and adopts S. Con. Res. 11, as amended. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Hensarling and Representative Maxine Waters of California. 
ADDRESSING CONTINUED 
WHISTLEBLOWER RETALIATION WITHIN VA 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-dressing Continued Whistleblower Retaliation With-in VA’’. Testimony was heard from Meghan Flanz, Director, Office of Accountability Review, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; Carolyn Lerner, Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel; Christian Head, M.D., Associate Director and Chief of Staff, Legal and Quality Assurance, Greater Los Angeles VA Health Care System; Maryann Hooker, M.D., Neu-rologist, Wilmington VA Medical Center; and Rich-ard Tremaine, Associate Director, VA Central Ala-bama Healthcare System. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D316) 
H.R. 1527, to accelerate the income tax benefits 
for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos. Signed on April 1, 2015. (Public Law 114–7) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D372 April 13, 2015 
H.R. 1092, to designate the Federal building lo-
cated at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the ‘‘Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Building’’. Signed on April 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–8) 
H.J. Res. 10, providing for the reappointment of 
David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–9) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
APRIL 14, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. defense policy issues pertaining to the Asia-Pacific theater, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine 
Army modernization in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
to hold hearings to examine military cyber programs and posture in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram; with the possibility of a closed session following the open session in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administra-
tion reauthorization, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the management of Federal environmental protection, chemical safety, and fish and wildlife agencies, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine cre-
ating a more efficient and level playing field, focusing on audit and appeals issues in Medicare, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider S. 615, to provide for congressional review and over-sight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi-
ness meeting to consider an originial bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nomina-tions of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine reducing unnecessary dupli-cation in Federal programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Commodity 
Exchanges, Energy and Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the CFTC: Commissioners’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Re-
search, hearing entitled ‘‘A Presentation by National 4–H Conference Participants Concerning the Future of Agri-culture in the United States’’, 1 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, hearing on Early Education Panel budget, 9 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on Defense Health 
Program budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program and the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Re-quest’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Five Years of Broken Promises: How the Presi-dent’s Health Care Law is Affecting America’s Work-places’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed 111(d) Rule for Existing Power Plants, and H.R. lll , Rate-
payer Protection Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘H.R. lll , the TSCA Modernization Act 
of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Improving Coal 
Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters; and the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notifi-cation Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Crude Oil Export Ban: Helpful or Hurtful?’’, 10:15 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Yemen Under Attack by Iranian-Backed Houthis’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-
up on the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 9, the ‘‘Innovation 
Act’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, 
Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 329, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 521, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; and H.R. 812, the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Reform Act’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D373 April 13, 2015 
Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Proposed Federal Water Grabs and Their Poten-tial Impacts on States, Water and Power Users, and Land-owners’’, 1:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘DOJ IG: Handling of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘GAO’s Duplication 
Report at Five Years: Recommendations Remain Unaddressed’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
622, the ‘‘State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1105, the ‘‘Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection Advisory Boards Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Ongoing Rail, Pipeline, and Hazmat Rulemakings’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 675, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 677, the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 732, the ‘‘Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act’’; H.R. 800, the ‘‘Express Appeals Act’’; H.R. 1067, the ‘‘U.S. Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims Reform Act’’; H.R. 1331, the ‘‘Quicker Vet-erans Benefits Delivery Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1379, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to develop evidence in appeal cases, and for other purposes; H.R. 1414, the ‘‘Pay As You Rate Act’’; H.R. 1569, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that the estate of a deceased vet-eran may receive certain accrued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1607, the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on the individual and employer mandates and associated penalties in the President’s health care law, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee 
on the Central Intelligence Agency, hearing on Central Intelligence Agency budget, 3 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of April 14 through April 17, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 15, Subcommittee on 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for military construction and military family housing for select com-batant commanders and select defense agencies, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the na-tional intelligence and military intelligence programs, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland 
Security, to hold hearings to examine funding the De-partment of Homeland Security role in cybersecurity, fo-cusing on protection to partnership, 2 p.m., SD–138. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Education, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: April 14, to hold hearings 
to examine U.S. defense policy issues pertaining to the Asia-Pacific theater, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
April 14, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings 
to examine Army modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
April 14, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-
pabilities, to hold hearings to examine military cyber pro-grams and posture in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session fol-lowing the open session in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
April 15, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive a 
closed briefing on the major threats facing Navy forces and the Navy’s current and projected capabilities to meet those threats in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold 
hearings to examine the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration plans and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
April 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Forces Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 
16, to hold hearings to examine regulatory burdens to obtaining mortgage credit, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D374 April 13, 2015 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 
14, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Admin-istration reauthorization, 9:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 16, to 
hold hearings to examine the Energy Information Admin-istration’s annual energy outlook for 2015, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 14, 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine the management of Federal environmental protec-
tion, chemical safety, and fish and wildlife agencies, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
April 15, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing 
to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: April 14, to hold hearings to ex-
amine creating a more efficient and level playing field, focusing on audit and appeals issues in Medicare, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: April 14, business meet-
ing to consider S. 615, to provide for congressional re-view and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
April 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
American food aid, focusing on why reform matters, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
April 15, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider pending calendar business, 2:15 p.m., S–116, Cap-itol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: April 
14, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nominations of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, and Mi-chael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
April 15, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
tinue consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nomina-tions of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. 
April 16, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
tinue consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nomina-tions of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
April 14, to hold hearings to examine reducing unneces-sary duplication in Federal programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
April 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
IRS challenges in implementing the Affordable Care Act, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: April 15, to hold hearings to 
examine the need to reform asset forfeiture, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
April 16, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider pending executive business, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: April 14, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
April 15, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:45 p.m., SH–219. 
April 16, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: April 15, to hold hearings 
to examine the IRS impersonation scam and the govern-ment’s response, 1:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, April 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The World of Nutrition and the Role of the Charitable Sector’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, April 15, Subcommittee on 
Defense, hearing for Members of Congress, 8:50 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government, hearing on Securities and Exchange Commission budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hear-
ing on Immigration and Customs Enforcement budget, 11 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, hearing on Ebola budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, markup on appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, markup on appro-priations bill for fiscal year 2016, 11:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, 
and Related Programs, hearing on United Nations and International Organizations budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Armed Services, April 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Risk of Losing Military Technology Superiority and Its Implications for U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in the Asia-Pacific’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Surface Forces in Presence, Deterrence, and Warfighting’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Nuclear Forces Hearing’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D375 April 13, 2015 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, April 15, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Serving Students and Fami-lies through Child Nutrition Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2175 
Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 15, Full Com-
mittee, markup on the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Re-siduals Regulation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters; and the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Medicare Post Acute Care Delivery and Options to Im-prove It’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing 
and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. ll , Targeting Rogue 
and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services, April 15, Subcommittee 
on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Regulatory Burdens on Non-Deposi-tory Financial Institutions’’, 1 p.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: In-creasing Private Sector Participation in Affordable Hous-ing’’, 9:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting Russia’s Weaponization of Information’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, markup on H.R. 1150, to amend the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom vio-lations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 50, calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was cap-tured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Continuing Threat of Neglected Tropical Diseases’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, April 15, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations From the Execu-tive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘All Eco-nomic Regulations are Transparent Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-
land Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Ana-lyzing Misconduct in Federal Law Enforcement’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, April 15, Subcommittee 
on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Land Acquisi-tion and its Impacts on Communities and the Environ-ment’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. April 15, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-
sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Future Impacts of President Obama’s Offshore Energy Plan’’, 10 a.m., 
1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 15, 
Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Committee on Financial Services, joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Efforts to Reform the Export- Import Bank of the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Government Operations, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Taxpayer Advocate’s Annual Re-port’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Government Operations, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Worst Places to Work in the Fed-eral Government’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, April 15, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s UN Cli-mate Pledge: Scientifically Justified or a New Tax on Americans?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled 
‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, April 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform: Ensuring that Main Street Isn’t Left Behind’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, April 15, 
Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Protection Act’’; H.R. 1471, the ‘‘FEMA Disaster Assist-ance Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1472, the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1473, the ‘‘John F. Kennedy Center Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 944, to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes; H.R. 336, to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; H.R. 172, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’; H. Con. Res. 21, au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; H. Con. Res. 25, author-izing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; and H.R. 1690, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. 
April 15, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime 
Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the U.S. Coast Guard’s Missions’’, 2 p.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, April 15, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Denver VA Medical Center: Constructing a Way Forward’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, 
markup on pending legislation, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D376 April 13, 2015 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, April 15, Sub-
committee on the National Security Agency and Cyberse-curity, hearing on special activities, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Department of Defense In-
telligence and Overhead Architecture, hearing on NRO 
budget, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
April 16, Subcommittee on Department of Defense In-
telligence and Overhead Architecture, hearing on NGA budget, 10:15 a.m., HVC–305. This hearing will be 
closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: April 15, to hold hearings to 
examine if taxes are holding back small business growth, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D377 April 13, 2015 
Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through March 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 48 44 . . 
Time in session ................................... 292 hrs., 18 ′ 201 hrs., 40 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 2,091 2,116 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 448 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... . . 6 6 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 89 116 205 
Senate bills .................................. 5 1 . . House bills .................................. 8 62 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 3 2 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 4 6 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 67 43 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... 36 50 86 
Senate bills .................................. 13 . . . . House bills .................................. 2 31 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 1 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 20 18 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 7 . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 22 7 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,040 1,992 3,032 
Bills ............................................. 886 1,730 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 11 41 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 11 33 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 132 188 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 5 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 135 82 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 61 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through March 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 157, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 17 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 139 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 700, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 634 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 66 
Air Force nominations, totaling 2,889, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,447 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 442 
Army nominations, totaling 172, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 77 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 95 
Navy nominations, totaling 94, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 52 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 42 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,039, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 707 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 332 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 5,051 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 3,934 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,116 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D13AP5.REC D13AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD378 April 13, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, April 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. 
(Senate will recess from 10:30 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. for 
the all Senators briefing, and from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, April 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 650—Pre-
serving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 685—Mortgage Choice Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E450 
Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E454 Carney, John C., Jr., E457 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E452, E469 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E469 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E457 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E461 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E471 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E449 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E462, E463 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E462, E463 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E456, E470, E473 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E460 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E466, E467 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E458, E459 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E451, E453 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E453 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E462, E464, E465 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E467, E471 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E451, E456, E458, 
E460 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E464 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E449 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E458 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E462 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E463 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E469 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E459 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E449, E450 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E465 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E467 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E461, E463 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E465 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E461, E463 Olson, Pete, Tex., E466, E468, E470, E471, E472, E474 Payne, Donald M., N.J., E456, E457 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E460 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E449, E450, E451, E453, E454, 
E455, E457, E457, E458, E460 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E472 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E455 
Riggell, E. Scott, Va., E455 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E451 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E473 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E467, E469 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E456 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E454, E457, E459 Scott, Austin, Ga., E459, E461 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E454 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E460 Smith, Adam, Wash., E464 Smith, Jason, Mo., E458 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E452 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E470 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E452 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E453 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E450 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E460, E473 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E451 Young, David, Iowa, E466, E467, E468, E469, E471, E472, 
E472, E473, E473, E474 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Apr 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13AP5.REC D13APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST