Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3509 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2015 No. 79 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 21, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G ARRET  
GRAVES to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, God of the Uni-
verse, for giving us another day. 
As the various Members of this peo-
ple’s House return to their home dis-tricts, we ask Your blessing upon each. Give each a discerning ear and the wis-dom and good judgment needed to give credit to the office they have been hon-ored by their constituents to fill. 
Bless the work of all who serve in 
their various capacities here in the United States Capitol. 
Bless all those who visit the Capitol 
today, be they American citizens or visitors to our Nation. May they be in-spired by this monument to the noble idea of human freedom and its guar-antee by the democratic experiment that is the United States. 
And as we take time this weekend to 
remember those who have died serving our country, God, bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D OLD) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. DOLD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 21, 2015 at 9:39 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 47. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. MEMORIAL DAY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, on Memorial Day, Americans will remember and honor those who have served this Nation to protect and defend the freedoms we cherish. As we reflect on the heroism and devotion of the brave servicemembers who have given their lives in defense of our Na-tion, we must never forget to thank and pray for their families. Let us take time to show our appreciation for the service and sacrifice of America’s he-roes. 
I especially appreciate Memorial 
Day. My father served our country as part of the Flying Tigers in India and China during World War II, which in-spired my military service, as well as the service of my four sons, who all currently are on military duty. 
This weekend, I am thankful for the 
opportunity to join County Council Chairman Ronnie Young in the Aiken Memorial Day parade. I am grateful to Councilwoman Gail Diggs for her role in the efforts to reinstate the parade ably begun by the Marine Corps League, as well as Wes Jerrell and Betsy Davis with the Aiken Jaycees for their work to honor and support our Armed Forces and their families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
BOKO HARAM CRIMES 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, press reports this week show that the reign of terror wrought by Boko Haram in north-eastern Nigeria has reached appalling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.000 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3510 May 21, 2015 
new depths of depravity. They have 
chosen to use as a weapon of war wide-spread, organized sexual violence against young girls and women. Hun-dreds of women and girls as young as 11 have been subjected to systematic, or-ganized rape. 
The terrorists have also used women 
and children to carry out suicide bomb-ings against civilian targets. 
These are crimes against humanity, 
which is why I am pleased to join Con-gresswoman B
ARBARA LEEin support of 
an International Criminal Court inves-tigation. 
I am also pleased that the House ap-
proved an amendment that Representa-tive E
DROYCE and I offered to the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act that calls for continued U.S. support of international efforts to combat Boko Haram. 
History has taught us, to our ever-
lasting sorrow, that when such horror arises in the world, the world cannot and should not stand idly by. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
RABBI CARL WOLKIN 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Rabbi Carl Wolkin. He is retiring after 35 years of service to the Congregation Beth Shalom in North-brook, Illinois. He will be sorely missed by many in our community. 
Over the past 35 years, Rabbi Wolkin 
has served as the president of the Northbrook Clergy Association, the Chicago region of the Rabbinical As-sembly, the president of the Chicago Board of Rabbis, and he is also a mem-ber of the Jewish United Fund board. In these roles, Mr. Speaker, he has worked tirelessly to support his fellow rabbis in making their congregations centers for worship and learning. 
In 2004, Rabbi Wolkin was in the first 
group of graduates of the Center for Rabbinic Enrichment of the Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem. 
Rabbi Wolkin has been a tremendous 
asset to the Jewish community at large, as has his wife, Judy, who has enriched the lives of Jewish children by her teaching at the Solomon Schechter Day School for many years. 
I wish Rabbi Wolkin well on his re-
tirement and the next chapter of his life. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, Congress 
is engaged in a vigorous debate about national trade policy, but no matter where you stand on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Export-Import Bank is one trade program that we should all get behind. After all, this is a Federal agency 
that operates at no cost to taxpayers and whose sole purpose is to create jobs by helping American manufacturers in-crease exports. 
The Export-Import Bank provides 
loans to help American businesses com-pete against foreign companies that re-ceive subsidies from their govern-ments, and it provides credit to facili-tate the sale of American goods abroad. 
Since 2009, the Export-Import Bank 
has helped dozens of businesses in west-ern New York export nearly $100 mil-lion in goods and has helped create or sustain 1.3 million jobs across this Na-tion. 
A number of local business leaders, 
including Barre Banks, the owner of Midland Machinery in Tonawanda, have reached out to my office to share their stories of success with the Bank and to warn against its expiration. 
I urge the majority to stand with 
American businesses, protect American jobs, and reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
CORPORAL FRED WHITAKER, SR. 
(Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, as we approach Memorial Day, I wish to recognize our service-members who have so bravely answered the call to defend our great Nation. 
As the daughter of a U.S. Marine, I 
am eternally grateful for the service and sacrifice our troops make, all in the name of freedom. 
Today, I wish to pay a special tribute 
to a hero that I have the honor of rep-resenting in Congress, Corporal Fred Whitaker, Sr. Corporal Whitaker, a World War II veteran, proudly served our Nation in the combat infantry from 1943 to 1946. He participated in several campaigns, including Saar, Rhineland, Central Europe, and the historic Battle of the Bulge. 
Corporal Whitaker received numer-
ous awards for his honorable service, including the Distinguished Unit Cita-tion, the Combat Infantry Badge, the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Good Conduct Medal, the European Theater Medal with four battle stars, and a World War II Victory Medal. 
I thank him for his sacrifice to our 
Nation and for the sacrifice all mili-tary personnel make to keep our coun-try safe and free. We are forever in-debted to this true hero of the Greatest Generation. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF PROJECT HEAD START 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning, I ask all my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 92, 
commemorating the 50th anniversary of Project Head Start, launched in the White House Rose Garden on May 18, 1965, as bold and audacious in its scope design and as a project to launch against those who lived in poverty. 
President Johnson said: ‘‘We set out 
to make’’—and to contain certain— ‘‘that poverty’s children would not be forevermore poverty’s captives.’’ This means that nearly half of the preschool children of poverty will get a head start on their future. These children will receive preschool training and pre-pare them for regular school in Sep-tember. They will get medical and den-tal attention that they badly need, and parents will receive counseling. 
Again, we have set out to make cer-
tain that poverty’s children would not be forevermore poverty’s captives. 
Today, 160,000 enrolled in Early Head 
Start, 910,000 enrolled in Head Start, 20,000 American Indian-Alaska Native children, 4,000 American Indians, 32,000 migrant or seasonal workers, and 40,000 homeless children. 
We must continue this infrastruc-
ture, and I want to thank AVANCE and the Harris County School District in my district because they believe in helping children. 
Mr. Speaker, I conclude by thanking 
those who have fallen in battle for the United States of America as we memo-rialize them on Memorial Day. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR 
STEPHEN J. BONNER 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent, Major Stephen J. Bon-ner of the U.S. Air Force, who has earned the Congressional Gold Medal for his distinguished service as an American fighter pilot with the Flying Tigers squadron in World War II. 
Growing up in the 1930s and during 
World War I, Major Bonner had always dreamt of becoming an ace. When he graduated from flight school in 1943, his dream came true when he was as-signed to fly with the 76th Fighter Squadron in China, battling Japanese fighter pilots in his P–40 Warhawk. 
During his time with the Air Force, 
Major Bonner became a member of the American Fighter Aces, who have been renowned as our country’s most distin-guished fighter pilots. In both world wars, along with the Korean war and the Vietnam war, these individuals have not only courageously defended our Nation, but have also made out-standing achievements in aerial com-bat. 
Major Bonner, now 96, lives with his 
daughter Jane just outside Carlinville in my district in central Illinois. I am proud to congratulate Major Bonner for his outstanding accomplishments as an American Fighter Ace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.003 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3511 May 21, 2015 
The bravery and dedication he dis-
played as a pilot in World War II make him a very deserving recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal, and I am proud and thankful to have such brave veterans like them in my district. 
Congratulations, Mr. Bonner. 
f 
THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD 
START 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
family income shouldn’t dictate a child’s educational outcome; but today, study after study shows that children from lower-income families face unique social, emotional, and financial chal-lenges that lead them to start school already behind their peers. 
We began addressing this problem in 
1965 when President Lyndon Johnson established the Head Start program. Fifty years later, over 30 million of our most vulnerable children have bene-fited from Head Start and a more level playing field. 
In Illinois today, there are 48 Head 
Start programs across the State. These programs not only provide opportuni-ties for more than 40,000 Illinois chil-dren and their families each year, but they also give tens of thousands of pas-sionate educators the chance to give our most needy children a shot at suc-cess. 
This week, as we celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of Head Start, I urge my colleagues to stand with me in support of this vital program. I look forward to ensuring that all children can have an equal opportunity to succeed. 
I want to salute our troops, our vet-
erans, and those who gave their lives as we move into Memorial Day. 
f 
b1015 
PROBLEMS AT THE IRS CONTINUE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, while it 
may feel like a case of deja vu, the sad fact of the matter is, we are once again talking about real problems at the IRS. This time, the Treasury inspector gen-eral reports that 1,600 IRS agents in a 10-year period did not pay their taxes. 
While it is bad enough to think that 
those tasked with collecting our taxes can’t manage to pay their own, what makes this case worse is that a major-ity of these employees were given re-duced penalties instead of facing the full consequences of their actions. A number of these employees even re-ceived promotions and bonuses. 
Mr. Speaker, taxpayers deserve bet-
ter than a government agency that can’t seem to follow the rules, and hard-working Americans should be treated with more respect. It is time for more oversight and more trans-parency at this agency and holding em-
ployees accountable who break the rules. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD 
START 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-
memorate the 50th anniversary of Head Start, which President Johnson an-nounced May 18, 1965. Head Start is our Nation’s commitment that every child—regardless of their ZIP Code— has an opportunity to succeed. 
Since its creation, Head Start has 
prepared more than 30 million children for success in the classroom and be-yond. My former district director, a brilliant African American man, was a Head Start graduate. His story and millions of others demonstrate just how important early childhood edu-cation programs are. 
Yet nearly 57,000 children across the 
country have lost access because of draconian sequester cuts, and the 2016 Republican budget makes it worse by removing another 35,000 children from the program, including 4,500 from my home State of California. 
Our children deserve better. How in 
the world will they compete with chil-dren throughout the world if we deny them an early start? 
Mr. Speaker, we know high-quality, 
early childhood education is one of the best investments we can make. So on the 50th anniversary of Head Start, I urge my colleagues to fully support this critical program and leave no child behind. 
I, too, want to commemorate and re-
member my dad, a veteran who served in two wars. And also, I want to com-memorate and thank our veterans, our young men and women on duty, and those who have paid a very serious price on behalf of this country. 
f 
SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE 
COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTRE-PRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2262. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 273 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2262. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. b1018 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes, with Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
M
CCARTHY ) and the gentlewoman from 
Maryland (Ms. E DWARDS ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, when I was a child, I 
learned that there was more to our uni-verse than just my home and my town. There were people in great cities. There were buildings that stretched to the clouds. There were machines that could explore the character of atoms and telescopes that saw into distant galaxies. There is so much in the world. 
And in recent decades, we have grown 
accustomed to seeing it all. Entire con-tinents and countries are a plane ride away. The Internet is a window to the world from the comfort of our homes. In this time of innovation, what was once unimaginable is now common, and what was once distant now feels so close. 
But we all know there is still so 
much left to learn. In my heart, I be-lieve man’s journey of exploration and discovery has barely begun. 
For generations, dating back to the 
dawn of humankind, every man, woman, and child has looked up to the stars in wonder. We imagined that the dots of light could reveal a glimpse of the future. And we thought that each night, we saw the whole heavens 
stretching above us. 
But as technology has given us new 
eyes to see the universe, we discovered that even on the clearest of nights, we can only see a fraction of the stars in one small section of our galaxy. 
I still look up at the stars with won-
der. And I know that we are only at the start of our mission into this great frontier. 
You see, I spent time in school, just 
like every kid in America, learning about our first voyages into space and the Moon landing. I remember how much pride I felt, knowing that Amer-ica did it first and that our flag still flies up there today. 
But that is not where we were meant 
to stop. 
America has always led because it is 
in our nature to lead. We crossed over the mountains of Appalachia and into the Great Plains. We climbed the Rockies to the golden coast of Cali-fornia and beyond, creating a Nation in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.004 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3512 May 21, 2015 
this land that has far surpassed all oth-
ers in truth, hope, and liberty. 
We are a beacon of freedom and 
human dignity to every person that longs for the right to choose their own future, and we are a force for good un-like anything this world has ever known. 
And yet in space, we are losing our 
ability to lead. We once stood up to the challenge of the Soviet’s Sputnik and made it to the Moon. But today our as-tronauts use Russian rockets, and other nations are working to put peo-ple on Mars and beyond. 
But we must go beyond. We must 
face the great unknown with that American spirit of adventure and hope. 
To paraphrase President Kennedy, we 
must lead mankind into space—not be-cause it is easy, but because it is hard and because that goal brings out the very best of our Nation. 
There are people—scientists, engi-
neers, astronauts, and entrepreneurs— out in the deserts of California who have a goal, the same goal so many Americans have had before them. It was our forefathers’ goal at the found-ing of this Nation conceived in liberty. It was our goal when two young bicycle repairmen rose above the sand and waves of a North Carolina beach to fly. It was our goal when Chuck Yeager raced through the skies over California and broke the sound barrier. 
That goal is to make our dreams a 
reality. 
Today these 21st century explorers in 
California and across the Nation want to bring man above the clouds, above the Earth, and above the Moon, itself. And we should let them. 
Government has great power; that is 
true. But in America, we believe that power is limited. It cannot, should not, and will not be used to diminish our dreams. 
I stand here before you today, Mr. 
Chairman, presenting a bill. This bill asks us to make a decision: Do we con-cede our future to one of managed de-cline where others lead? Or do we make a future where America and her people guide us in our journey to the stars? 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 2262, the 
SPACE Act of 2015. And I am actually quite saddened by that. It is not the outcome I had hoped for. Like the gen-tleman from California, I share in the enthusiasm and the wonder of space. 
I would note that the Commerce, 
Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee has just cut $230 million from the President’s request for these activities. 
It was my sincere belief that the 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee could have reached bipartisan agreement on a commercial space bill. Indeed, during the past few weeks, there was a concerted attempt on both sides of the committee to reach com-mon ground on tackling these issues and developing a bipartisan bill. However, with the backdrop of meet-
ing the majority’s floor schedule as the top priority, there was insufficient time given to negotiate a compromise before last week’s full committee markup. 
Mr. Chairman, I think most of us on 
both sides of the aisle share in the ex-citement and enthusiasm about the commercial space industry, and we want it to succeed. Indeed, hundreds of millions of dollars have been paid by taxpayers into this industry to get it off the ground. American taxpayers have a lot of skin in the game when it comes to the success of commercial space. 
Since the very beginning, the Federal 
Government has supported the private space industry, at both the State and Federal level, with funding, data, and guidance with best practices. 
Since the Commercial Space Launch 
Act was passed in 1984, followed by the Commercial Space Launch Act Amend-ments of 1988 and 2004, it is clear that the commercial space industry has made significant strides. 
Even in 2004, few would have pre-
dicted that NASA would be relying today on commercial space transpor-tation to deliver critical supplies, spare parts, and research material to the International Space Station. 
Who knows what developments will 
occur in the commercial space arena in the coming years. What we do know is that it won’t just be commercial cargo transported into space; in fact, it will also be people. That is why it is up to Congress to develop responsible com-mercial space policies that both en-courage the commercial space industry and protect those who participate as the users of the industry’s services and activities. 
Sadly, this bill just doesn’t measure 
up to that responsibility. Instead, it takes a fundamentally unbalanced ap-
proach to the issues facing the com-mercial space launch industry. 
Two key areas should concern all 
Members, Republicans and Democrats alike. 
The first area pertains to safety. A 
moratorium on the FAA’s authority to regulate the safety of crew and spaceflight participants was initially included in the Commercial Space Launch Act Amendments of 2004 in order to allow the commercial space industry the time to acquire experience and data that would inform the devel-opment of safety regulations. 
However, initial expectations of in-
dustry progress simply were not real-ized. So in 2012, Congress extended the moratorium for 3 more years as part of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. The end of that learning period is set to expire on September 30, 2015. 
H.R. 2262, the bill in front of us, 
would extend the learning period to De-cember 31, 2025, a decade-long morato-rium on FAA’s ability to even start proposing a safety framework. 
This is very dangerous. This unprece-
dented regulation-free period for a dec-ade for the commercial and human 
spaceflight industry puts no pressure on the industry to establish industry consensus standards, standards that could potentially be used as self-regu-lation measures for the industry. 
In addition to providing the industry 
with 10 years of no safety regulations, H.R. 2262 negatively affects the rights of individuals on important safety mat-ters by requiring spaceflight pas-sengers to waive liability against launch providers and other parties. 
What that means is that spaceflight 
participants have to waive their rights to sue the launch provider and related parties for claims, even if there is neg-ligence involved. 
Mr. Chair, H.R. 2262 puts policy in 
place that favors industry over policy that ensures balanced consideration for those people the industry will serve. That is a position that I and all of my Democratic colleagues on the com-mittee oppose. 
Another area of concern pertains to 
space resource utilization, such as as-teroid mining. 
Mr. Chair, there is merit to posi-
tioning ourselves to answer questions associated with space mining, the prop-erty rights that accrue from such ac-tivities, and the harmonization with our treaty obligations. 
However, establishing prescriptive 
policies, as H.R. 2262 would do, is sim-ply premature. 
To preclude the proverbial placement 
of the cart before the horse, it would be prudent to establish an interagency re-view to help identify appropriate roles and responsibilities and a proposed or-ganizational structure for the Federal Government’s oversight and licensing of commercial space resource explo-ration and utilization. 
And it would also be prudent, Mr. 
Chair, to hold hearings on these issues and on this legislation, as well as to have a subcommittee markup, what we sometimes refer to as regular order. H.R. 2262 skips these steps. 
Proponents of the space resources 
utilization provisions in H.R. 2262 argue that the range of issues has been adequately vetted and reviewed by the executive branch. 
b1030 
Mr. Chairman, it is my under-
standing that while several individuals in the executive branch have offered technical drafting comments in re-sponse to queries about the bill, no Federal agency has taken a position on the bill. 
Indeed, the administration says: 
‘‘While the administration strongly supports the bill’s efforts to facilitate innovative new space activities by U.S. companies, such as the commercial ex-ploration and utilization of space re-sources to meet national needs, the ad-ministration is concerned about the ability of U.S. companies to move for-ward with these initiatives absent ad-ditional authority to ensure continuing supervision of these initiatives by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.005 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3513 May 21, 2015 
U.S. Government as required by the 
Outer Space Treaty.’’ 
In addition to these concerns, we 
have received a number of letters from legal scholars, consumer interest groups, and attorneys who have raised concerns or are opposed to H.R. 2262 as written. I am submitting for the R
ECORD letters from Professor Joanne 
Gabrynowicz, Director of the National Center for Remote Sensing, Air and Space Law; the American Association for Justice; the Center for Justice & Democracy; Consumer Watchdog; the National Consumers League; the Net-work for Environmental and Economic Responsibility of United Church of Christ; Protect All Children’s Environ-ment; and Public Citizen. 
520 D EERCREEK DRIVE, 
Oxford, MS, May 12, 2015. 
Hon. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : At the re-
quest of Congressional Staff I am submitting this letter as a citizen expert for your con-sideration. I was requested to review H.R. 1508 and provide a comment. I am currently Professor Emerita at the University of Mis-sissippi School of Law where I taught United States National Space Law, International Space Law, and Remote Sensing Law from 2001 to 2013. Prior to that I taught similar courses in the Space Studies Department at the University of North Dakota Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences from 1987 to 2001. I was the Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Space Law from 2001–2013. My complete curriculum vitae is attached for your ref-erence. 
1. Outer Space Treaty Art. II prohibition of 
national appropriation by ‘‘any other means’’. 
This comment addresses the most impor-
tant issue raised by the Bill on its face. The Bill provides, ‘‘[a]ny asteroid resources ob-tained in outer space are the property of the entity that obtained such resources, which shall be entitled to all property rights there-to, consistent with applicable provisions of Federal law.’’ The Bill defines a ‘‘space re-source’’ as a ‘‘natural resource of any kind found in situ in outer space.’’ It further de-fines an ‘‘asteroid resource’’ as ‘‘found on or within an asteroid.’’ The bill is addressing unextracted resources. 
The United States is a State-Party to the 
Treaty on Principles Governing the Activi-ties of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, Including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies. It prohibits ‘‘national ap-propriation by claim of sovereignty, by means of use or occupation, or by any other means.’’ The Bill attempts to grant U.S. ju-risdiction over ‘‘any asteroid resource’’ in situ in order to authorize and require the ‘‘President . . . to facilitate the commercial exploration and utilization of space re-sources to meet national needs’’. Making unextracted, in situ ‘‘asteroid resources’’ subject to U.S. Federal law and requiring the President ‘‘to meet national needs’’ is a form of national appropriation by ‘‘other means’’. 
2. The Bill does not provide for any specific 
licensing regime. 
Unlicensed U.S. commercial space activi-
ties are unprecedented in United States space law. All commercial space activities to date require appropriate licensing by an au-thorized agency. Specific statutes delegate licensing authority to specific agencies. For example, the Commercial Space Launch Act authorizes the FAA to license commercial launch activities. The 1992 Land Remote 
Sensing Policy Act authorizes the Depart-ment of Commerce to license commercial re-mote sensing systems. Licensing is how the U.S. meets its obligations to authorize and continually supervise the space activities of non-government entities under the Outer Space Treaty. 
In particular, it is important to note that 
the license requirement imposed on the li-censee that it maintain ‘operational con-trol,’ as the term is defined in Section 960.3, is an implementation of U.S. obligations under the United Nations Outer Space Trea-ty of 1967. That treaty provides that the U.S. Government, as a State party, will be held strictly liable for any U.S. private or govern-mental entity’s actions in outer-space. Con-sequently, NOAA requires that licensees under this part to maintain ultimate control of their systems, in order to minimize the risk of such liability and assure that the na-tional security concerns, foreign policy and international obligations of the United States are protected. 
The lack of a specific licensing regime also 
fails to meet the State Department’s concern raised in a letter to Bigelow Aerospace from the FAA: the lack of a national regulatory framework with respect to private sector ac-tivities on celestial bodies. 
3. The Bill only provides for a report. The Bill requires the President to submit a 
report to recommend which Federal agencies will be necessary to meet U.S. international obligations. This may be sufficient. It is worth noting that reports are not the equiva-lent of licensing regulations that go through the Administrative Procedure Act process. However, this is a Federalism question, not a space law question so I will only point out the issue and note it is worth questioning and seeking the view of a relevant expert. 
Sincerely, 
J
OANNE IRENE GABRYNOWICZ , 
Prof. Emerita. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE , 
May 20, 2015. 
Re Support the Edwards Amendment to the 
SPACE Act of 2015 (H.R. 2262) 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : The American Association for Jus-
tice (AAJ) supports the Edwards substitute amendment which substitutes the text of S. 1297, a bipartisan Senate companion for the SPACE Act of 2015 the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepre-neurship Act of 2015’’ or SPACE Act of 2015. The American Association for Justice (AAJ), formerly the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (ATLA) with members in United States, Canada and abroad, is the world’s largest trial bar. It was established in 1946 to safeguard victims’ rights, strengthen the civil justice system, promote injury preven-tion and foster public health and safety. AAJ is an advocate for a strong civil justice sys-tem in order to protect the health and wellbeing of all Americans. 
Commercial space travel is an emerging in-
dustry that will allow for members of the general public to visit space for recreational or business purposes and AAJ recognizes the challenges of trying to give a new industry the flexibility to grow and innovate. How-ever, Section 8 of the SPACE Act of 2015 re-quires passengers on commercial spacecraft to waive any right to damages for personal injury, property damage or death resulting from commercial space travel. While it may be acceptable for businesses with equal foot-
ing and negotiating power to execute cross waivers limiting their responsibility to each other, this waiver language should not ex-tend to passengers. This provision is unfair and harmful to individuals. As a result, AAJ is supporting the Edwards substitute amend-ment, which does not contain the harmful cross waiver provision. 
The SPACE Act of 2015 as introduced con-
tains a provision which would provide the commercial space industry total immunity. This provision will be eliminated by the Manager’s Amendment to the bill. We ap-plaud Chairman Smith for protecting the American public. As the commercial space travel industry grows, safety should be put first and foremost. Industry interests should not be valued over that of the passengers. 
Sincerely, 
L
INDA LIPSEN , 
C.E.O. 
MAY20, 2015. 
Re Opposition to H.R. 2262 the ‘‘Spurring Pri-
vate Aerospace Competitiveness and En-trepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or SPACE Act. 
Hon. J
OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : The undersigned organizations are 
writing to express opposition to HR. 2262, the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitive-ness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or SPACE Act. While some of our organizations may have concerns about various parts of this legislation, this letter addresses two sections in particular: Sections 7 and 8. 
The sweeping immunity proposed by these 
provisions is alarming. The commercial space industry’s safety record has been shod-dy with normal rules in place. The last thing Congress should be doing is passing legisla-tion that removes this industry’s financial incentive to conduct safe commercial space operations. And it is particularly troubling that this legislation was passed out of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology without a single hearing held. 
Section 7 of the bill states: ‘‘Any action or 
tort arising from a licensed launch or re-entry shall be the sole jurisdiction of the Federal courts and shall be decided under federal law.’’ Given that no federal tort law exists in such cases, this provision will im-munize the private space industry for any harm it causes. It wipes out any tort remedy for death, injuries or property damage suf-fered as a result of a negligent or reckless launch or reentry. And space passengers are not the only individuals covered by this lan-guage. Anyone, from innocent bystanders watching a rocket launch, to people who happen to be at the wrong place at the wrong time, suffering any harm, whether that be losing a house, limb, or life, will be left with-out recourse. Imagine the vast radioactive carnage that could result from an exploding nuclear rocket, which the industry is dis-cussing for future rocket propulsion. 
Section 8 of the SPACE Act requires both 
companies and passengers on commercial space flights to cross-waive liability claims. It is one thing for companies with equal bar-gaining power to establish liability agree-ments between them. However, it is unfair to force passengers into such agreements. This provision does not protect passengers—it strips away their rights. 
Supporters of the bill say immunity is 
needed to spur innovation and save jobs. This is nonsense. If the civil justice system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.007 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3514 May 21, 2015 
were harming the industry in some way, this 
would already be evident. But according to the most recent Space Foundation report, ‘‘The global space economy grew to $314.17 billion in commercial revenue and govern-ment budgets in 2013, reflecting growth of 4 percent from the 2012 total of $302.22 billion. Commercial activity—space products and services and commercial infrastructure— drove much of this increase. From 2008 through 2013, the total has grown by 27 per-cent.’’ 
This industry should be subject to the 
same civil justice system that applies to every other dangerous industry in America. If a private space company is grossly neg-ligent and harms people, it should be ac-countable for the harm it causes. For these reasons, we strongly oppose H.R. 2262 the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitive-ness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or SPACE Act. 
Very sincerely, 
Alliance for Justice; Center for Justice & 
Democracy; Consumer Watchdog; Na-tional Consumers League; Network for Environmental & Economic Responsi-bility of United Church of Christ; Pro-tect All Children’s Environment; Pub-lic Citizen. 
Ms. EDWARDS. In closing, Mr. 
Chairman, H.R. 2262 is an unbalanced bill that simply doesn’t adequately protect the public’s interest, whether in matters pertaining to the safety of the general public or in matters per-taining to the safety of the future con-sumers and customers of the industry, and incorporates prescriptive provi-sions on space resource utilization that are indeed premature. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my fellow Mem-
bers to oppose H.R. 2262, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill that comes 
before us today took some time in drafting. In over four hearings in a bi-partisan manner, this committee reached out to the minority in October of last year and gave them a draft of the bill. Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, the minority party did not come back for 5 months. But we want to make clear that everybody understood the bill. 
We also want to make clear that peo-
ple didn’t make misstatements be-cause, in this bill, the section provides FAA’s ability to regulate commercial human spaceflight in order to protect the uninvolved public, national secu-rity, public health and safety, safety of property, and foreign policy. It also preserves FAA’s ability to regulate spaceflight participant and crew safety as a result of an accident or unplanned event. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas, Chairman 
S
MITH, the man who has led this com-
mittee in a bipartisan manner. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from California for yielding, and our thanks go to Ma-jority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY for in-
troducing such an important piece of legislation. In fact, we have made him an honorary member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Chairman, space commercializa-
tion, this bill, is the future of space. This bill will encourage the private sector to build rockets, to take risks, and to shoot for the heavens. H.R. 2262, 
the Spurring Private Aerospace Com-petitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015, or SPACE Act, facilitates a progrowth environment for the devel-oping commercial space sector. It cre-ates more stable regulatory conditions and improves safety, which, in turn, at-tracts private investment. 
Members of Congress should know 
that earlier this week the administra-tion officially stated—and this is the most important thing in my view that the administration said, and it was, un-fortunately, omitted from the state-ment awhile ago that the ranking member quoted. Here is what the ad-ministration said: 
It does not oppose House passage of this 
bill. 
The SPACE Act secures American 
leadership in space and fosters the de-velopment of advanced space tech-nologies. The SPACE Act preserves the Federal Aviation Administration’s ability to regulate commercial human spaceflight in order to protect national security and public health and safety. The act preserves FAA’s ability to reg-ulate spaceflight participation and crew safety in the event of an accident. 
The bill calls for a progress report on 
the knowledge the industry and FAA have gained about the operation and li-censing of commercial human spaceflight. This allows the commer-cial space industry to develop stand-ards and coordinate with the FAA so the industry can grow in a stable regu-latory environment without the threat of arbitrary regulations that would ad-versely impact their ability to inno-vate. 
Mr. Chairman, international law 
places liability for damages that result from space accidents on the launching nation. All spacefaring nations require some form of third-party liability in-surance for launching entities. 
The current U.S. risk-sharing struc-
ture expires in 2016. This act extends indemnification to the year 2025 and re-quires an update on how the FAA cal-culates the maximum probable loss as-sociated with launches. Indemnifica-tion has never been utilized and is sub-ject to future appropriations. This pro-vision will prevent U.S. space compa-nies from going overseas where other nations have more favorable liability protection. 
The SPACE Act also closes a statu-
tory loophole that negates an experi-mental permit once a launch license is issued for the same vehicle design. This fosters greater innovation and allows an experimental permit holder to con-tinue testing while a license holder conducts operations. Current law only allows for two categories of individuals carried within a spacecraft: crew and spaceflight participants. Now that NASA is allowing other astronauts ac-cess to the International Space Sta-tion, a new category is necessary to 
outline the roles, responsibilities, and protections for astronauts on a com-mercial human spaceflight launch. 
This bill also closes a loophole that 
carved out an exception for spaceflight participants from indemnification cov-erage. By including these individuals in the indemnification provision, spaceflight participants who may par-ticipate in a launch as a result of a contest or for other reasons are not burdened with financial exposure above the limits. This bill also ensures that Federal courts review lawsuits that re-sult from accidents since the Federal Government is ultimately the respon-sible party, not the States. 
Current law requires that all parties 
involved in a launch waive claims against each other. This bill adds spaceflight participants to the cross- waiver requirement to ensure consist-ency and reinforce the informed con-sent requirements. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. All space com-
munity stakeholders have expressed support for this bill. They include Blue Origin, Virgin Galactic, Mojave Air and Space Port, SpaceX, the National Space Society, and the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which rep-resents more than 50 commercial space companies across the United States. The bill also includes many bipartisan provisions recently considered by the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
The bill is the product of over 3 years 
of work, numerous committee hear-ings, and input from industry, edu-cation groups, and grassroots citizen advocacy groups. Virtually every stakeholder group, again, has sup-ported this bill. 
H.R. 2262 will keep America at the 
forefront of aerospace technology, pro-mote American jobs, reduce red tape, promote safety, and inspire the next generation of explorers. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and once again thank the majority leader for in-troducing it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would note, before 
yielding to the ranking member, that it should be no surprise that the entire commercial space industry is sup-porting the majority bill because it is incredibly generous to the industry without due consideration to the safety of the public and to spaceflight pas-sengers who also might travel on their vehicle. So it is not a surprise. 
I think all of us here want to see the 
support of the commercial space indus-try. We want a regulatory environment that respects their innovation but also protects United States taxpayers’ in-terest. As I have said, taxpayers have, to the tune of hundreds of millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.004 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3515 May 21, 2015 
dollars, our skin in the game. It is up 
to us to act responsibly. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as 
she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON), the ranking member. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposi-tion to H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015. 
This bill amends the Commercial 
Space Launch Act, which is one of the seminal achievements on this com-mittee. That act opened the doors to establishment on the commercial space industry, which is poised to become a major part of the 21st century econ-omy. 
I agree that both our committee and 
the Congress as a whole need to address the Commercial Space Launch Act. We haven’t comprehensively addressed these issues since 2004. I also want to be clear that I am a strong supporter of the commercial space industry. I think Members on both sides of the aisle want this industry to succeed because this industry’s success is good for our Nation. However, the issues being dealt with in this bill are not straight-forward. They are complex and require thoughtful consideration. 
Unfortunately, the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology hasn’t given these issues thoughtful consider-ation. We have not held any hearings so far this Congress to examine the issues being debated today. We also haven’t had a subcommittee markup to try to work through some of the under-lying issues in the legislation. That is really very unfortunate, because we could be considering a bipartisan piece of legislation today if the majority had simply laid the proper groundwork for moving complex legislation. Instead, we have rushed this bill to the floor to meet some arbitrary timetable estab-lished by somebody, perhaps the Re-publican leadership. 
So what does this bill do? In every 
possible measure, H.R. 2262 gives max-imum preference to the priorities of the commercial space launch indus-try—at the expense of the safety of the general public and the safety of the fu-ture customers of this very industry, and it does so at the expense of the American taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill proposes to 
provide the commercial space launch industry with another decade—dec-ade—of regulation-free operations with respect to protecting the safety of spaceflight passengers. There won’t be any passengers when they find out that they have no protection. 
Some will state that the industry 
does not yet have enough experience to establish these regulations. That is rubbish. Both the United States and Russia have been launching humans into space for more than five decades. There has been literally hundreds of space launches on numerous different types of spacecraft during this time. The FAA has had more than enough data to rely on to set commonsense regulations on spaceflight passenger 
safety. 
In addition, this bill also provides a 
lengthy 9-year extension of commercial space launch indemnification provi-sions. Congress has extended these pro-visions many times since they were originally crafted in 1988. Since 1988, the liability exposure of the U.S. Gov-ernment under this regime has grown each and every year. What began as an approximately $1 billion backstop for the industry has now grown to more than $2.5 billion, and this will continue to grow for 9 more years under this bill. I think this is something that de-serves a little more attention. Gen-erally, as an industry matures, you would think their reliance on the U.S. Government for subsidies would de-crease rather than increase. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, this bill 
takes steps into the uncharted waters involving space property rights. I am not against asteroid mining or space resource utilization. Those activities will come in time. However, I am for getting any legislation that addresses these areas right. 
We are not at all close to resolving 
the many unanswered questions and issues concerning space resource utili-zation and property rights. At the sin-gle hearing the majority held on this topic last Congress, several of the in-vited witnesses expressed their views that there were many unsettled issues with the majority’s draft legislation. Moving this legislation without really ever addressing these issues is, I be-lieve, negligent on the part of the Con-gress. 
Some on the other side of the aisle 
may point to the fact that the adminis-tration’s Statement of Administration Policy did not include a veto threat against this bill. But I would note that the administration’s statement also had serious concerns about sections of the bill and notably did not endorse the bill. 
With respect to the asteroid mining 
provisions, the statement noted: ‘‘the administration is concerned about the ability of U.S. companies to move for-ward with these initiatives absent ad-ditional authority to ensure continuing supervision of these initiatives by the U.S. Government as required by the Outer Space Treaty.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, Ms. E
DWARDS will be 
offering an amendment in the nature of a substitute that I will speak on one more time later. It may not have ev-erything that industry desires, it may not reflect all of our priorities for com-mercial space launch policy, but it is a clear route to getting a balanced, bi-partisan, bicameral commercial space launch bill enacted into law, because ultimately that is what we are trying to do is get a bicameral agreement. 
b1045 
We can argue over differences, or we 
can just join together to pass bipar-tisan, bicameral commercial space leg-islation. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 
2262 in its present form and instead take a bipartisan approach to enacting commercial space launch legislation. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Before I yield, I do want it noted, 
1969, what all America felt when they watched America make a step on the Moon, on an American rocket and American ingenuity. Unfortunately, today, we pay Russia for an astronaut from America to ride on their rockets. Some may be content with that, but, Mr. Chairman, I am not. That is why this bill today allows us to have some change and growth to make that hap-pen. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to take a moment to thank the sponsor of this bill, Majority Leader M
CCARTHY , for his great work. This is 
very important. 
I also want to thank our great chair-
man, L AMAR SMITH, who has had an un-
precedented week in the House of Rep-resentatives of passing bills of innova-tion, advancing science. Congratula-tions to him as well. 
The space industry represents hun-
dreds of billions of dollars in economic investment and thousands of jobs across the United States, but it is not just large companies. 
Cain Tubular—a small, multigenera-
tional, family-owned business in my district—is doing the innovative work necessary for safe, weld-free con-densing coils for the next generation of rocket engines. 
Scot Forge is another business in my 
district, working under an amazing em-ployee ownership model, that is forging the heavy metal parts and casings for multiple launch systems throughout the supply chain. 
The space industry is an engine of 
economic growth throughout the coun-try, and our opportunity to do this right is vitally necessary to maintain American competitiveness as other na-tions begin to catch up. 
That is why I rise today to urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace Competi-tiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. The SPACE Act facilitates a progrowth environment for the com-mercial space sector. It fosters a safety framework that will protect the Amer-ican public, while encouraging the de-velopment of new space technologies. This will ensure America’s exceptional role is maintained as the most innova-
tive Nation in the world. 
This legislation also extends the cur-
rent risk-sharing structure set to ex-pire next year and requires an update on how the FAA calculates maximum probable loss associated with potential spaceflight accidents. This ensures that U.S. space companies won’t be forced to go overseas to compete. 
The SPACE Act also establishes a 
legal framework for government prop-erty rights of resources obtained from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.009 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3516 May 21, 2015 
asteroids, giving U.S. companies the 
legal assurance they need to invest in and develop in situ space resource ex-ploration and utilization technologies. The successful exploration and use of in situ asteroid resources is an impor-tant step in humanity’s development and is in the national interest of the United States. 
The SPACE Act helps develop the 
commercial space industry, ensures commercial space lawsuits are treated fairly, and allows the commercial space industry to grow like never be-fore. 
For these reasons, I strongly rec-
ommend my colleagues support com-mercial space with a vote for the SPACE Act of 2015. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Maryland has 14 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 17 minutes remaining. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to, for the R
ECORD , be-
cause I think it is important for the American people that we don’t mix ap-ples and oranges, the Bush administra-
tion actually canceled the program that would have enabled us to make sure that we have American rocket ve-hicles going to the space station. 
In the interim period, those requests 
have been severely underfunded, so I think it is important for us to put into perspective what is happening in the space industry. 
Now, I—as somebody who long ago 
worked in the industry, worked at NASA—understand the importance of investing in science and research and funding the activities of NASA and supporting the industry. I also under-stand that we have put—this Congress, in fact—has placed burdens both on the industry and on the agency to perform without putting the money to do that. 
I would note that this SPACE Act 
doesn’t have any money that goes with it. In fact, on the appropriations side, as I stated earlier, $230 million has ac-tually been cut from the President’s re-quest. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON), my colleague and the ranking 
member. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I simply wanted to respond to the statement that we have to rely on Russia. 
We are relying on Russia because we 
won’t pay for it in this country, but we are willing to allow a private commer-cial spaceship to fly at the expense of the government and at the risk of every person who would hire a trip. We are paying them to take supplies to a space station because we refuse to fund space station flight for human flight from this country. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today, we pay Russia $70 million for 
one astronaut to go to the Inter-national Space Station. As commercial space begins to grow, we watched oth-ers get into the market—SpaceX—so they could do it for much less. That is what this bill talks about, allowing the commercial space others to join in. 
I don’t think all the answers come 
from Washington. I think government should be limited, but we should not limit our ability to grow. Why should we complain if we can use private sec-tor money to even increase our capa-bilities to go higher into space? 
Mr. Chairman, the next person I am 
going to yield to knows a great deal about this. He represents aerospace corridor. He comes from a family that is renowned in the development of space in America. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ), the son of Mr. Pete Knight, 
who still holds the record for the fast-est man on Earth in an X–15. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the majority leader for bring-ing this forward. This is a vital piece of legislation. 
The majority leader brings up a sub-
ject that is always very important to me. It happened on December 17, 1903. It happened in a little bicycle shop in Dayton, Ohio. Two innovators took their invention across part of the coun-try out to a little place in North Caro-lina in Kitty Hawk, and they flew a man-powered controllable aircraft for the first time. 
Now, why is that important? It is be-
cause the government had thrown a $50,000 grant to get this done, and they couldn’t get it done, but two innovators could get it done by nothing other than the brains that they had, the energy, and their two hands. 
America needs to ensure that it will 
continue to be the leader in the space industry. Business and innovation want 
stability, and this bill does just that, by extending the FAA learning period and duration of indemnification to 10 years. 
When I speak to fifth graders—and I 
think we all do at least a couple times a year; I try to speak to at least 50 schools a year—but when I talk to the fifth graders, I ask them how long it takes to fly from LA to Tokyo. There is always a 2-hour or a 20-hour or any-thing like that. 
I tell them it takes about 10
1⁄2hours. 
I said: But in your lifetime, it is going to take about an hour and a half. 
They said: Well, that is great. That is 
great. I would love to be in an airplane for just an hour and a half or a space-craft when, today, we have to do 10
1⁄2 
hours. 
Well, do you know what, that will 
happen if we let it happen. Right now, it is happening. Innovation is flour-ishing. These things are happening. We are doing jousting programs that is dis-persing the supersonic wave which means, at some point, we will be able to fly over the continent at more than Mach 1. That means we will be able to fly 
home to California in an hour and a half. Now, I know all of us Californians would love to do that instead of the 5
1⁄2 
hours it takes today, just like it took in 1970. 
This bill allows the FAA to gather 
sufficient data to ensure the regula-tions will help foster growth in the in-dustry. I support this bill. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We have been listening to this discus-
sion, and I think, when the other side reclaims their time, it would be really helpful to explain why it is that, if this is so important and that it is so urgent, why it is that the majority has cut $230 million from commercial crew. I will wait to hear the answer, as I am sure the American people are waiting. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
I thank the managers of this bill, in-
cluding the majority leader. 
I just want to say that I come from 
Space City. Houston, Texas, has as its motto—its defining moment besides railroads—is Space City. I served 12 years on the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, and I had a strong commitment and continue to have a strong commitment to human space exploration—in particular, the re-search that is garnered out of that mighty effort. 
I have traveled to most of the NASA 
centers across the Nation, and I have seen outstanding researchers. There is no reason for any of us, Democrats or Republicans, to oppose the idea of space exploration and, in this instance, commercial space exploration. 
What I will say to you, Mr. Chair-
man, and to my good friend, the major-ity leader, let us walk step-by-step to-gether. 
Certainly, I am concerned as some-
one who offered and wrote legislation to promote more safety on the Inter-national Space Station—proudly so— legislation that was ultimately passed and I believe has made the space sta-tion more enduring, to be able to sug-gest that this bill limits to a certain extent the safety requirements that I believe would make this industry a bet-ter industry, to say also that we are highlighting or offering the commer-cial space industry over the investment in NASA, which I have great concern, as we look forward to the implementa-tion of the Orion and the opportunities for further space exploration. 
I would want to make sure that this 
legislation does not undermine our work with NASA and, frankly, that the safety elements that are so important, not only to the civilian population—be-cause I have commercial space entities in Texas just a few hundred miles away from Houston, Texas, but I also have the NASA Johnson Space Center—and I would want to know whether or not there is a conflict between the safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.010 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3517 May 21, 2015 
requirements that we have to imple-
ment and the safety requirements and security requirements in commercial space exploration. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Ms. EDWARDS. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. The other thing 
that I would offer to suggest, as this bill moves to the Senate, is the invest-ments that are made, the profits that may ultimately be made by commer-cial space exploration, it would be ap-propriate to use those moneys to invest in R&D and the Federal Government for it to continue its very important, unrestrained research that has been so mighty to helping so many different people under NASA. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding, but I would ask the question: Can we not provide a safety matrix for commercial space exploration as we have done in the public sector? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, several 
weeks ago, we passed a NASA author-ization bill that returns NASA to its core mission, human space flight. 
The bill before us, H.R. 2262, builds on 
that good work. We have many Amer-ican businesses employing thousands of American workers right now. These businesses are pursuing their own space missions, both orbital and sub-orbital. 
Some of these entrepreneurs have 
plans to reach below low Earth orbit, such as taking the first steps toward missions to mine asteroids for precious metals. This landmark legislation will do more to secure America as the home of commercial space exploration than any other legislation that Congress has considered. These endeavors are a great complement to Federal investments in civil and military space initiatives. 
Let’s face it, in any field, no Amer-
ican entrepreneur is going to invest billions of dollars of their own money where there is regulatory uncertainty. The SPACE Act of 2015 creates a regu-latory framework and provides cer-tainty for these privately financed en-deavors to take the next steps. 
b1100 
This legislation will bolster thou-
sands of high-tech American jobs, building a stronger economy, advanc-ing technological leadership, and strengthening our Nation’s industrial base. 
I want to recognize the hard work of 
our colleagues—Majority Leader K
EVIN 
MCCARTHY , BILLPOSEY , DANA ROHR-
ABACHER , and J IMBRIDENSTINE . These 
folks have worked hard for several years on key commercial space provi-sions that have been incorporated into this bill. Their efforts will create an environment for these private sector companies to flourish. 
I would also like to thank our chair-
man, L
AMAR SMITH, and Space Sub-committee chair S TEVEN PALAZZO for 
their leadership in moving this legisla-tion through the committee and in bringing it to the House floor. 
America has always prospered be-
cause we have not stood in the way of visionaries. Rather, we have found a way to enable them to take a chance and succeed on their own. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BABIN. A vote for this bill is a 
vote to ignite the flame of commercial space and propel the American entre-preneurial spirit beyond our world and into the final frontier of space. Passing this bill tells the world that America is the home for commercial space. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to be really, really clear 
with the American people because I think sometimes we talk about the commercial space industry as though it exists on its own. In fact, it exists be-cause the Federal Government and Federal taxpayers have been incredibly generous for this innovative, creative, and growing industry. It is because, as taxpayers, Mr. Chairman, we support the industry. 
$3 billion alone in inflation-adjusted 
dollars goes as a backstop for indem-nification, which is in case there is an accident or whatever—a $3 billion backstop by the Federal taxpayer. Bil-lions of dollars have gone into the de-velopment as the industry has grown. Indeed, some projections say that 9 of every 10 dollars that have gone into the development have actually come from the American taxpayer. Hundreds of millions of dollars support the infra-structure, the launch facilities that are maintained for the industry and—who knows?—countless dollars from State tax credits on down the line. 
It would be really inaccurate to say 
that any of us—Republicans or Demo-crats or any American taxpayer—does not support the commercial space in-dustry. We want it to be safe. We want to make sure that liability is taken care of. We want to make sure that, in fact, the skin in the game of the tax-payers is met with responsible public policy. To correct the record, it is $243 million that the Republican majority has actually cut from Commercial Crew. 
Again, I would say, if you support the 
industry, then please explain why it is that you have also supported a cut to the very thing that would continue to grow the industry. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time is re-maining. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
The gentleman from California has 111⁄2 
minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Maryland has 7 minutes remain-ing. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
let me note that the commercial space industry has not cost us taxpayers’ money. The commercial space industry has generated billions and billions of dollars worth of income to honest citi-zens who then pay their taxes—who wouldn’t have jobs otherwise—not to mention, of course, the billions of dol-lars the commercial space industry has saved us simply by doing a more effi-cient job at launching satellites and at supplying the space station than could be done by the public sector—by NASA and other government employees. 
H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, 
builds on the House Science, Space, and Technology’s bipartisan tradition of promoting economic growth in America. Today, we are talking about that economic growth in terms of an emerging, new, entrepreneurial indus-try that is tremendously beneficial to the bottom line of America—the bil-lions of dollars that it is creating with a new, innovative approach to an in-dustry that goes into space in order to accomplish its missions. The SPACE Act of 2015 specifically continues the streamlined regulatory regime that Congress put in place for commercial human spaceflight just a decade ago in the Commercial Space Launch Amend-ments Act of 2004. 
I am proud to have been the one to 
have authored that legislation, legisla-tion which passed in Congress with bi-partisan support. I would hope that bi-partisan support continues because, in 2004, it was Bart Gordon of Tennessee and Nick Lampson of Texas—both Democrats—who made it possible for us to get this legislation passed as well as Silvestre Reyes from Texas. Of course, there are a lot of Texans here today involved in this debate because there are a lot of people in Texas who are hired and who have great jobs be-cause of what we did then. 
When we talk about and when we 
hear that we have cut $243 million, no, no. We were willing to keep that in the budget. Republicans would have been willing if we had found other areas that had been less important. But the rea-son these things happen is that our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle cannot seem to prioritize. We prioritize this. 
Mr. Chairman, we prioritize launch-
ing new industries, creating new jobs, saving billions of dollars in money that would be spent otherwise, because the commercial space industry, like SpaceX and other champions of space entrepreneurship, has done a great deal of benefit to the United States of America. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to be very, very clear. I 
was not originally much of a supporter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.011 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3518 May 21, 2015 
before I knew anything about the in-
dustry. I didn’t know about the indus-try. Indeed, it was through the bipar-tisan work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee that I got to know the industry and to value the role that the commercial space indus-try plays. 
I, actually, don’t have a quibble with 
the American taxpayers in their pro-viding the kind of support in the devel-opment work and in resources that are available through NASA to support the industry. I, actually, think it is a good thing for us to do. But I don’t want to hide the fact that, given that and that kind of responsibility, it is also our re-sponsibility to provide an important safety framework for the industry to proceed, especially as we go into the future, imagining that we will have many other players. 
I would also say that I am concerned 
about what we do around liability— how we create both a safety regulatory regime but also place liability where it belongs. Although, in the manager’s amendment, the majority does try to deal with the question of Federal court jurisdiction, what we don’t deal with is this idea of cross-waivers. That is, if you are a passenger—you could be a re-searcher, not anyone who is particu-larly wealthy—and if something hap-pens, then you have waived all of your liability even in a case where there would be negligence involved. This, I think, ought to raise great concerns. 
The reality is that, at the end of the 
day, if there is any kind of cata-strophic accident, the American tax-payers will, of course, bear the respon-sibility as we always have for those ac-cidents. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
My friend on the other side makes a 
good point in that a lot of people may not know about spaceflight or commer-cial spaceflight, and they may not know about this bill. That is why this is a great opportunity to explain, and that is why the majority on this side gave the bill to the minority last Octo-ber. Unfortunately, it was 5 months be-fore anything came back. 
There is one point that was brought 
up—indemnification. That has been ex-tended 9 times in the last 25 years, and it has never been used. The one thing that needs to be noted is that we are in competition with the rest of the world. We are more stringent in this than is any other country with their space. If we plan on being the leader, we need to have the legislation move forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). 
Mr. POSEY. I thank the majority 
leader for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, earlier this morning, 
during debate, there have been a num-ber of letters—a litany of letters—by various organizations offered for the R
ECORD , so I thought it would be appro-priate, in the interest of intellectual 
honesty, actually, to enter a couple of records myself. 
Let me read from one of them here: 
On May 13, 2015, the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology conducted a markup of four critical space-related bills. Among the bills considered was H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015. During the markup—I will leave the Member’s name out—submitted a letter for the record from Joanne Gabrynowicz, a former professor of space law at the Univer-sity of Mississippi. After reviewing the let-ter, we, the undersigned, feel it is important to clarify some errors in Ms. Gabrynowicz’ interpretation of H.R. 1508 and to highlight some constructive elements of the bill. There is a duplicate bill in the Senate co-sponsored by Senators P
ATTY MURRAY and 
MARCO RUBIO. Our comments apply to both. 
The basic claims made in the letter rest on 
two issues: an allegation that the bill vio-lates article II of the Outer Space Treaty and an allegation that the U.S. Government has no licensing regime in place for commercial space activities envisioned by the bill. 
Both statements are based on a misreading 
of the intent and words of the bill. 
They go on with another four or five 
pages to clarify what was completely misleading there. This letter is signed by Henry R. Hertzfeld, Co-Chair of the American Branch, International Law Association, Research Professor of Space Policy and International Affairs, Elliott School of International Affairs and Adjunct Professor of Law, The George Washington University; by Matthew Schaefer, Law Alumni Pro-fessor of Law, Director—Space, Cyber and Telecommunications Law Pro-gram, University of Nebraska College of Law, Co-Chair, American Branch of International Law Association—Space Law Committee; by James C. Bennett, Consultant, Fort Collins, Colorado, Space Fellow, Economic Policy Centre, London; and by Mark J. Sundahl, Pro-fessor and Associate Dean for Adminis-tration, Cleveland State University, Cleveland-Marshall College of Law. 
MAY15, 2015. 
DEARMAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY , CHAIR-
MAN SMITH, R ANKING MEMBER JOHNSON , 
CHAIRMAN PALAZZO , AND RANKING MEMBER  
EDWARDS : On May 13, 2015, the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology conducted a markup of four critical space-related bills. Among the bills considered was H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015. During the markup Ranking Member Johnson submitted a letter for the record from Joanne Gabrynowicz, a former professor of space law at the University of Mississippi. After reviewing the letter we, the undersigned, feel it is important to clar-ify some errors in Ms. Gabrynowicz’s inter-pretation of H.R. 1508 and highlight some constructive elements of H.R. 1508. There is a duplicate bill in the Senate, S. 976, co-spon-sored by Senators Patty Murray and Marco Rubio. Our comments, below, apply to both H.R. 1508 and S. 976. 
The basic claims made in the letter com-
menting on H.R. 1508 and, by extension, S. 976 rest on two issues: 
1. An allegation that the bill violates Arti-
cle II of the Outer Space Treaty (OST), and 
2. An allegation that the U.S. Government 
has no licensing regime in place for commer-cial space activities envisioned by the bill. 
Both statements are based on a misreading 
of the intent and words of the bill. 1. With regard to the allegation that the 
bill violate the OST by enabling national ap-propriation: 
The bill does not grant U.S. jurisdiction to 
an asteroid or any asteroid resource. It does grant U.S. jurisdiction to companies that fall under U.S. jurisdiction as specifically de-fined in §51301 with the intent of adjudi-cating claims of ‘‘harmful interference’’ be-tween those companies if such allegations are made in the future. Protecting entities from ‘‘harmful interference’’ is consistent with, and indeed furthers, the purposes of the OST, that requires ‘‘due regard’’ be given to other’s space activities and requires ad-vance consultations if a proposed activity ‘‘would cause potentially harmful inter-ference.’’ 
The letter states that the bill is addressing 
‘‘unextracted resources.’’ In fact, there are several steps: identifying the resources, ex-tracting resources, and then using/delivering them. The words of the bill are ‘‘resources obtained’’, leaving the unknown technical details to be specified in the future when they can be better defined and a process can be developed for regulatory actions as need-ed. In any event, ‘‘obtained’’ is inconsistent with ‘‘unextracted.’’ 
The use of the word ‘‘in situ’’ in defining 
space resources simply means resources in place in outer space; but any such resource within or on an asteroid would need to be ‘‘obtained’’ in order to confer a property right. The use of the word ‘‘in situ’’ in mere-ly defining a space resource in the bill is not equivalent to claiming sovereignty or con-trol over celestial bodies or portions of space. Further, there is clear Congressional direction in the bill that the President is only to encourage space resources explo-ration and utilization, including lowering barriers to such activity, ‘‘consistent with’’ and ‘‘in accordance with’’ US international obligations—which precludes Ms. Grabynowicz’ interpretation of the impact of the term ‘‘in situ.’’ 
The bill does not, in any manner, claim 
sovereignty over a celestial body or portions of outer space; it only provides for rights for private entities to use the resources on a ce-lestial body (specifically asteroids) just as States have in the past. Article I of the Outer Space Treaty states that ‘‘the Moon and other celestial bodies, shall be free for exploration and use by all States’’. This Ar-ticle has been interpreted as allowing for the extraction of natural resources. 
Examples: return of Moon rocks and soil 
by U.S. and Russia (Soviet Union); return of asteroid materials by Japan. Each govern-ment has declared that these are their prop-erty and has enforced that action: 
United States Government has treated the 
theft of moon rocks as a criminal offense 
Russia has in the past put moon rocks up 
for a public auction 
Japan has put its asteroid materials in a 
Japanese museum A customary inter-national law of the right to claim ownership over extracted natural resources has emerged due to the collections of moon rocks by the United States and the subse-quent gifting of these rocks to foreign na-tionals without any objections from any states. 
In the ‘‘One Lucite Ball’’ case, the United 
States District Court for the Southern Dis-trict of Florida, Miami Division, upheld the right of Honduras to assert ownership over a moon rock (unpublished Case No. 01–0116– CIV–JORDAN). The court discussed two sales of lunar rock samples involving private par-ties (one involving a slide of lunar dust sold at Sotheby’s auction and the second involv-ing the lunar sample and plaque given by the U.S. to Nicaragua that was purchased by a private buyer from the middle east). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.012 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3519 May 21, 2015 
The NASA proposed Asteroid Recovery 
Mission involves similar technologies and the current proposal is to move a boulder from an asteroid to a lunar orbit. Some of these activities may be done in partnership with private entities in the United States. 
These activities, ranging from scientific 
missions to commercial sales have never been judged to be in violation of Article II of the OST. 
If governments and private companies are 
ever going to ‘‘use’’ space for benefits to all humankind, the extraction of resources from celestial bodies will have to be allowed, and this foreseeable future is provided for in the space treaties. There is no prohibition on private entities or profit-making entities performing these services either for them-selves or for their governments. 
However, government(s) are responsible for 
the continuing supervision of non-govern-ment activities in outer space (Art. VI of the OST), and the United States Government has the most complete and comprehensive set of regulations for space in the world. 
There already exist regulatory require-
ments for commercial companies that want to get to space and to use space. The par-ticular U.S. regulatory mechanisms vary with each application but include launch payload reviews, spectrum/communications approvals, and, when appropriate, national security and export control approvals. 
Since there are a variety of related new 
proposed activities in outer space (e.g. on- orbit satellite servicing) proposing a specific licensing requirement for resource utiliza-tion alone in this bill would be inappropriate until all new activities are reviewed to-gether. 
The required report in the bill is the first 
step in developing new procedures and proc-esses for activities in outer space that have not been done before by private entities. 
The criticism that this bill is to meet ‘‘na-
tional needs’’ alone is incorrect. Those words are taken out of the context of §51302. That section focuses on what the Federal agencies should do to encourage private activities in space and refers to the economic incentives for those companies. The global needs and information obtained from the science and technology behind resource extraction and use may indeed benefit all humankind through knowledge, through the future glob-al provision of currently scarce minerals, and through expanded space exploration. Further, private foreign companies subject to the jurisdiction of the United States—and thus facing exposure to non-interference claims—also can be beneficiaries of non-in-terference rights under the bill. 
Last month the U.S. State Department 
made a statement at the United Nations Committee On the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS) that clearly outlines a re-sponsible path to balancing the requirements of our Treaty obligations with the needs of new commercial entities in space: 
‘‘My Government sees great promise in pri-
vate investment in path-breaking new ac-tivities to advance our understanding of the solar system and to unlock new space appli-cations that benefit all mankind. The his-tory of space exploration—and innovation— teaches us that it is difficult, if not impos-sible, to foresee the technological innova-tions, and downstream applications, arising from efforts to push the envelope of explo-ration—and that the benefits of these inno-vations and applications are enjoyed across the Earth. As the United States goes about encouraging private investment—from all nations—in the peaceful exploration and use of outer space, and evolves its national mecha-
nisms for authorizing and supervising non-gov-ernmental space activities, we will continue to be guided by the four core, and widely ac-
cepted, treaties on space—the Outer Space Treaty, the Rescue and Return Agreement, and the Liability and Registration Conven-tions. Under the legal framework of these treaties, the use of space by nations, inter-national organizations, and private entities has flourished. As a result, space technology and services contribute immeasurably to economic growth and improvements in the quality of life around the world.’’ [ Emphasis 
added ] 
The Space Resource Exploration and Utili-
zation Act is in complete compliance with all existing international obligations of the United States. The bill further insists that actions taken pursuant to the bill, both by the Executive Branch and U.S. commercial 
space resource utilization entities (to benefit from non-interference rights), be consistent with international obligations of the United States. The bill also compliments and fur-thers the position of the Executive Branch. As Ms. Gabrynowicz notes in her letter re-garding the Presidential report requirement, ‘‘This may be sufficient.’’ Indeed, it is not only sufficient but the most pragmatic path forward for the U.S. Government to create a process, informed by industry and inter-national concerns, that creates the legal framework necessary to meet our existing international obligations. Creating such a legal framework right now would be short-sighted and likely hamper or destroy our growing space resource industry. Placing a legal framework in this bill is not needed to meet any current United States inter-national obligations. There are adequate in-terim means of meeting those obligations through existing authorities should new ac-tivities in outer space begin before con-structing a new legal framework. 
The U.S., between 1980 and the effective 
date of the Commercial Space Launch Act, October 1984, set precedents for OST-compli-ant control in the absence of explicit legisla-tion or activity-specific regulation. Two sub-orbital launch vehicles were privately devel-oped and tested in the U.S. during that time period, Space Services Inc.’s Percheron (1980) and Arc Technologies’ (later Starstruck, Inc.’s) Dolphin (1983–84). The U.S. Govern-ment licensed both activities. In each case, the Government used existing regulatory re-quirements and mechanisms (FAA airspace control, FCC radio licenses, OMC export per-mits) to review the proposed activities and impose conditions such as liability insurance on the launch operators. Lessons learned from these licensing exercises were incor-porated in the drafting of the Commercial Space Launch Act. 
Therefore, there is U.S. precedent for con-
trol of space activities, adequate to satisfy OST requirements for supervision and con-trol, even in the absence of specific statutory law or regulation describing the particulars of the activity in question. Using these in-terim mechanisms can serve to provide an experience base for crafting better legisla-tion subsequently. 
In summary, the bill is a necessary step to 
begin to address our obligations of con-tinuing supervision for commercial space ac-tivities and to fulfill our commitments under the terms of the OST. 
It is also important to note the many con-
structive things that H.R. 1508 and S. 976 ac-complish: 
1. Advance U.S. Technology and Leader-
ship 
a. H.R. 1508 and S. 976 provide a legal foun-
dation that provides private U.S. companies to ability to raise funds, protect their invest-ments, employ aerospace professionals, and develop cutting edge aerospace technologies. 
b. Other nations, such as China and Russia, 
have stated an intent to recover resources from objects in space. H.R. 1508 and S. 976 
give U.S. industry a legal foundation that provides a head start to compete with these nations. 
2. Create Constructive Dialogue for Inter-
national Frameworks for Commercial Space Resource Exploration and Utilization 
a. As stated by the U.S. delegate to 
COPUOS, the U.S. will need to develop a framework that meets existing international obligations and creates an environment in which all nations can benefit from space re-source exploration and utilization. H.R. 1508 and S. 976 allow the U.S. to lead and direct this international discussion. 
A failure to pass H.R. 1508 and S. 976 will 
create uncertainty about the U.S. Govern-ment’s position on space resource explo-ration and utilization. This uncertainty would be extremely detrimental to our de-veloping space resource industry and it would provide encouragement for other na-tions to challenge our leadership in this area. 
It is apparent that considerable effort has 
gone into drafting H.R. 1508 and S. 976. These bills create a valid legal foundation to begin the processes necessary to create informed oversight mechanisms, which are required by the treaties, and are in compliance with all existing U.S. international obligations. 
Sincerely, 
H
ENRY R. H ERTZFELD , 
Co-Chair of the American Branch, 
International Law Association, Research 
Professor of Space Policy and International 
Affairs, Elliott School of International Affairs 
and Adjunct Professor of Law, The George 
Washington University. 
MATTHEW SCHAEFER , 
Law Alumni Professor of Law, Director— 
Space, Cyber and Telecommunications Law 
Program, University of Nebraska College of 
Law, Co-Chair, American Branch of 
International Law Assoc.—Space Law 
Committee. 
JAMES C. B ENNETT , CONSULTANT , 
Fort Collins, Colorado, Space Fellow, 
Economic Policy Centre, London. 
MARKJ. S UNDAHL , 
Professor and Associate Dean for 
Administration, Cleveland State University, 
Cleveland—Marshall College of Law. 
Mr. POSEY. There is a similar letter, 
and I will submit that also. It is by Dennis J. Burnett, District of Colum-bia Bar Association; J.D., University of Nebraska; LL.M., Georgetown Univer-sity; Adjunct Professor of Law, Univer-sity of Nebraska College of Law—U.S. Trade Law and Commercial Space Law; Vice Chairman, Advisory Board, Space, Cyber and Telecom Program, Univer-sity of Nebraska College of Law; Sec-retary and Director, International In-stitute of Space Law. 
MAY16, 2015. 
DEARMAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY , CHAIR-
MAN SMITH, R ANKING MEMBER JOHNSON , 
CHAIRMAN PALAZZO , AND RANKING MEMBER  
EDWARDS : On May 13, 2015, the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology conducted a mark-up of four critical space-related bills. Among the bills considered was H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015. 
During the markup Ranking Member Eddie 
Bernice Johnson submitted a letter for the record from Joanne Gabrynowicz, Professor Emerita of space law at the University of Mississippi. After reviewing H.R. 1508 and Professor Gabrynowicz’s letter, I would like to comment on several issues of inter-national law related to the proposed legisla-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.007 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3520 May 21, 2015 
In particular, I will comment on the fol-
lowing issues: (1) whether recognition of property rights in asteroid resources would result in a ‘‘national appropriation’’ in viola-tion of Article II of the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Ex-ploration and Use of Outer Space, Including the Moon and other Celestial Bodies (the ‘‘Outer Space Treaty’’); and (2) whether the absence of the creation of a licensing regime by H.R. 1508 would result in a failure to au-thorize and supervise the activities of na-tionals of the United States in the explo-ration and use of outer space as is required by Article VI of the Outer Space Treaty. 
Is the use of asteroid resources and acqui-
sition of property rights in asteroid re-sources is not a violation of Article II of the Outer Space Treaty? 
It should be clearly stated that there is no 
provision of the Outer Space Treaty that ex-plicitly prohibits the acquisition of property rights in asteroid resources. To the contrary, the Outer Space Treaty explicitly recognize the right of ‘‘exploration and use’’ of outer space, including the moon and other celes-tial bodies. A right of use is a well-recog-nized property right in both common law and civil law. 
While it may be asserted that granting 
property rights in asteroid resources is a na-tional appropriation, this assertion is incon-sistent with state practice. For example, Moon rocks and soil returned to the Earth by U.S. and Russia (Soviet Union), and asteroid materials return to Earth by Japan have been treated as property of those govern-ments. The United States has prosecuted theft of moon rocks and Russia has auc-tioned moon rocks. These actions have never been judged to be in violation of Article II of the Outer Space Treaty. 
Does the absence of a licensing regime in 
H.R. 1508 result in a failure to authorize and supervise the activities of nationals of the United States in violation of Article VI of the Outer Space Treaty? 
It is quite clear that Article VI of the 
Outer Space Treaty requires the United States to authorize and supervise the activi-ties of its nationals in outer space. It also is clear that H.R. 1508 does not authorize any executive agency or any independent com-mission to regulate (i.e., authorize and su-pervise) the activities of U.S. nationals in outer space that are not already regulated. 
It is my understanding that there are a va-
riety of new proposed activities in outer space (e.g on-orbit satellite servicing, space tourism, moon habitation, solar satellites, etc.). It may be argued that these activities need appropriate authorization and super-vision by the United States if conducted by nationals of the United States. At this time it appears that there is no agreement on basic issues of what authority is required, which agency, if any, should authorize and supervise, which agency should have which responsibility and what resources would be required to implement those responsibilities. 
In lieu of imposing a solution when the 
problem is not fully understood, it is my un-derstanding that the drafters of H.R. 1508 propose that the President prepare a report to Congress as the first step in developing new procedures and processes for activities in outer space for which there may be no ex-isting agency authority to authorize and su-pervise. It appears that the drafters are at-tempting to create a valid legal foundation to begin the processes necessary to create appropriate mechanisms for any authoriza-tion and supervision that may be required by the Outer Space Treaty and other existing U.S. international obligations. 
Very truly yours, 
D
ENNIS J. B URNETT . 
Mr. POSEY. I think that, clearly, 
they reflect that there has been some misleading information put forth in ob-
jecting to this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to take that into consideration and to vote favorably for this badly needed historic and constructive legis-lation to make America’s space pro-gram and commercial space industry much better. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Just for the record, I would note that 
the letters that have been submitted by the majority are interesting. I would note that one of the authors, in fact, is paid by one of the companies that is involved in this legislation, so we should take that into consideration. 
I also want to point out that, with re-
spect to indemnification, again, the United States in current—today’s—dol-lars bears a responsibility for about $3 billion in indemnification should there be an accident. 
Lastly, of course, it is really impor-
tant for us to understand that these li-ability concerns are not small pota-toes. In fact, the Judiciary Committee should have taken a look at this when it came to looking at Federal court ju-risdiction. We should have had addi-tional hearings on this when it comes to looking at the impact on inter-national treaties. We have not had any hearings in that regard. I just think we ought to proceed more responsibly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1115 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ). 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support H.R. 2262, the Spur-ring Private Aerospace Competitive-ness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015, or the SPACE Act. 
Since 2004, when Congress last 
amended the Commercial Space Launch Act, commercial space compa-nies have made significant contribu-tions to space technology development and helped to strengthen American leadership in space. Congress must keep up with the changes in the indus-try, and the CSLA needs to be updated to ensure that the space sector can flourish in the years to come. 
Currently, all major spacefaring na-
tions require some form of third-party liability insurance for launching enti-ties. The indemnification regime of the CSLA expires next year. The act would extend indemnification to 2025 in order to prevent U.S. launches from going overseas and taking high-tech Amer-ican jobs with them. 
In a letter praising the act’s exten-
sion of the indemnification, Tom Stroup, president of the Satellite In-dustry Association, wisely stated that the act is ‘‘an important step in main-taining U.S. innovation and leadership in satellite launch and one that pro-motes overall access to space.’’ Several other groups, such as the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, have had simi-lar comments praising the extension. Moreover, this bill promotes stability 
and flexibility in the commercial space market through regulatory reform. By extending the learning period to 2025, the Federal Aviation Administration and industry will have more time to collect information and develop a safe-ty framework for commercial spaceflight. This will ensure that the growing commercial space market will not be overburdened with uninformed regulations. 
Space-based technology has become a 
vital part of our economy. Americans rely on it every day, from GPS to weather forecasting to land remote sensing, in everything we do. 
The SPACE Act gives the private sec-
tor a chance to expand this growing portion of our economy by allowing commercial spaceflight companies to take passengers to and from space and by setting the groundwork for a com-prehensive safety framework that will guide future spacefaring activities. 
Now is not the time to turn our 
backs on the innovators and the entre-preneurs who have made this Nation great. If we care about American lead-ership in space and the American space economy, I urge you to support this important piece of legislation. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise here today be-
cause, as I said in my opening remarks, that I think that most of us on both sides of the aisle share the excitement about the commercial space industry and we do indeed want it to succeed. 
We all work for the taxpayer; and the 
American taxpayer, as I have stated, has a vested interest in the commercial space industry because we have laid out hundreds of millions of dollars, bil-lions of dollars to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, the Senate yesterday 
marked up a bipartisan compromise bill with very few changes to it. On the other hand, this bill, if it passes the House unchanged, is going to be dead in the water. But if we pass the sub-stitute that we are considering later on, that I offer later today, we will have a great chance to do some real lawmaking. It will not have addressed all of the industry concerns. It will not have done anything to get in the way of the advance of commercial space. 
So I urge my fellow Members to sup-
port a bipartisan process that began over in the Senate. Vote for the sub-stitute amendment later on and say, you know, we can start fresh here, not with something that just disadvan-tages consumers and taxpayers. Let’s try to be on the same page when it comes to the strong support that I think each side feels with respect to the commercial space industry. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I have one question for everyone 
here: Do you believe America is excep-tional? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.020 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3521 May 21, 2015 
Fifty-four years ago, President Ken-
nedy spoke to a joint session of Con-gress in this very Chamber, and he set forth an astounding goal: to put an American on the Moon before the end of the decade. 
Many doubted our ability to do that. 
But like America has done throughout our history, we proved them wrong. So on July 20, 1969, Neil Armstrong took one small step and changed the course of history. 
You see, President Kennedy’s vision 
is part of America’s fundamental char-acter. We are pioneers. We always move forward. We never back down from a challenge, and beating the odds is in our DNA. 
This was the case for our very found-
ing. We brought forth a new nation in pursuit of a more perfect union. With the winds of freedom at our back, we headed west to unchartered lands, rely-ing on the same spirit of adventure that endures in the Central Valley of California to this day. 
We watched as two bicycle repairmen 
flew above the sand and waves on a beach in North Carolina, not because of government grants or Washington con-nections, but because they had the au-
dacity to make a dream a reality. 
Today, dorm room startups and tech 
entrepreneurs are connecting our en-tire world, paving the way to tomor-row. 
The world looks to America because 
we give them a reason to look to us. We show them a vision of the future, and we deliver. But we can’t take our global leadership and innovation for granted. Today we pay Russia $70 mil-lion for one seat on their rocket. 
Right now there is a new generation 
of pioneers. They want to embark on the next stage of space exploration, and we should not hold them back. The truth is Washington never comes up with the next big idea, but we can sup-port those innovators who do and cre-ate the best environment possible for them to succeed. 
Steve Jobs, one of America’s great 
innovators, once said ‘‘innovation dis-tinguishes between a leader and a fol-lower.’’ That is true for people and for a country. Those words carry special meaning for everyone who ever dared to venture off the beaten path. It means something to the small-business owners working at their kitchen tables and the inventors tinkering in the dorm rooms and garages. It means something to every kid who ever dreamed of space and who still dreams of leading us in a journey to the stars. 
So for all American pioneers, those 
who will lead our Nation through the 21st century, I again ask: Do you be-lieve America is exceptional? Because I do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–17. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2262 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitive-ness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH 
Sec. 101. Consensus standards. 
Sec. 102. International launch competitiveness. Sec. 103. Launch license flexibility. Sec. 104. Government astronauts. Sec. 105. Indemnification for space flight par-
ticipants. 
Sec. 106. Federal jurisdiction. Sec. 107. Cross-waivers. Sec. 108. Orbital traffic management. Sec. 109. State commercial launch facilities. Sec. 110. Space support vehicles study. Sec. 111. Streamline commercial space launch 
activities. 
Sec. 112. Space Launch System update. 
TITLE II—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Title 51 amendment. 
TITLE III—COMMERCIAL REMOTE 
SENSING 
Sec. 301. Annual reporting. 
Sec. 302. Statutory update report. 
TITLE IV—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
Sec. 401. Renaming of Office of Space Commer-
cialization. 
Sec. 402. Functions of the Office of Space Com-
merce. 
TITLE I—COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH 
SEC. 101. CONSENSUS STANDARDS. 
Section 50905(c) of title 51, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (8); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) I
NTERIM INDUSTRY VOLUNTARY CONSENSUS  
STANDARDS REPORT .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Commercial Space Transpor-tation Advisory Committee, or its successor or-ganization, shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the progress of the commercial space transportation industry in developing voluntary consensus standards or any other construction that promotes best practices to improve the in-dustry. Such report shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(A) any voluntary industry consensus stand-
ards or any other construction that have been accepted by the industry at large; 
‘‘(B) the identification of areas that have the 
potential to become voluntary industry con-sensus standards or another potential construc-tion that are currently under consideration by the industry at large; ‘‘(C) an assessment from the Secretary on the 
general progress of the industry in adopting vol-untary consensus standards or any other con-struction; 
‘‘(D) lessons learned about voluntary industry 
consensus standards or any other construction, best practices, and commercial space launch op-erations; 
‘‘(E) any lessons learned associated with the 
development, potential application, and accept-ance of voluntary industry consensus standards or any other construction, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; and 
‘‘(F) recommendations, findings, or observa-
tions from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organiza-tion, on the progress of the industry in devel-oping industry consensus standards or any other construction. 
This report, with the appropriate updates in the 
intervening periods, shall be transmitted to such committees no later than December 31, 2016, De-cember 31, 2018, December 31, 2020, and Decem-ber 31, 2022. Each report shall describe and as-sess the progress achieved as of 6 months prior to the specified transmittal date. 
‘‘(4) I
NTERIM REPORT ON KNOWLEDGE AND  
OPERATIONAL EXPERIENCE .—The Secretary shall 
provide a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the of the Senate on the status of the knowledge and operational experience acquired by the industry while pro-viding flight services for compensation or hire to support the development of a safety framework. Interim reports shall by transmitted to such committees no later than December 31, 2018, De-cember 31, 2020, and December 31, 2022. Each re-port shall describe and assess the progress achieved as of 6 months prior to the specified transmittal date. 
‘‘(5) I
NDEPENDENT REVIEW .—No later than De-
cember 31, 2023, an independent, private systems engineering and technical assistance organiza-tion or standards development organization con-tracted by the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the readiness of the commercial space industry and the Federal Gov-ernment to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations. As part of the review, the contracted organization shall evaluate— 
‘‘(A) the progress of the commercial space in-
dustry in adopting industry voluntary stand-ards or any other construction as reported by the Secretary in the interim assessments in-cluded in reports provided under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) the knowledge and operational experi-
ence obtained by the commercial space industry while providing services for compensation or hire as reported by the Secretary in the interim knowledge and operational reports provided under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(6) L
EARNING PERIOD .—Beginning on Decem-
ber 31, 2025, the Secretary may propose regula-tions under this subsection without regard to 
paragraph (2)(C) and (D). The development of any such regulations shall take into consider-ation the evolving standards of the commercial space flight industry as identified through the reports published under paragraphs (3) and (4). 
‘‘(7) C
OMMUNICATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— 
Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary of Transpor-tation to discuss potential approaches, potential performance standards, or any other topic re-lated to this subsection with the commercial space industry including observations, findings, and recommendations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, prior to the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking. Such discus-sions shall not be construed to permit the Sec-retary to promulgate industry regulations except as otherwise provided in this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.016 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3522 May 21, 2015 
SEC. 102. INTERNATIONAL LAUNCH COMPETI-
TIVENESS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to provide for updating the methodology used to calculate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, with a validated risk profile approach to provide reasonable maximum probable loss val-ues associated with potential third party losses from commercially licensed launches. An appro-priately updated methodology will help ensure that the Federal Government is not exposed to greater financial risks than intended and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary. 
(b) M
AXIMUM PROBABLE LOSS PLAN.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan to update the methodology used to cal-culate maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, through the use of a validated risk profile ap-proach. Such plan shall include, at a min-imum— 
(1) an evaluation of the reasonableness of the 
current single casualty estimate and, if needed, the steps the Secretary will take to update such estimate; 
(2) an evaluation, in consultation with the 
Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the heads of other relevant executive agencies, of the reasonable-ness of the dollar value of the insurance re-quirement required by the Secretary for launch providers to cover damage to Government prop-erty resulting from a commercially licensed space launch activity, and recommendations as to a reasonable calculation if, as determined by the Secretary, the current statutory threshold is insufficient; 
(3) a schedule of when updates to the method-
ology and calculations for the totality of the Maximum Probable Loss will be implemented, and a detailed explanation of any changes to the current calculation; and 
(4) consideration of the impact of the cost of 
its implementation on the licensing process, both in terms of the cost to industry of collecting and providing the requisite data and cost to the Gov-ernment of analyzing the data. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 
270 days after transmittal of the plan under sub-section (b), the Comptroller General shall pro-vide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of— 
(1) the conclusions and analysis provided by 
the Secretary of Transportation in the plan re-quired under subsection (b); 
(2) the implementation schedule proposed by 
the Secretary in such plan; 
(3) the suitability of the plan for implementa-
tion; and 
(4) any further actions needed to implement 
the plan or otherwise accomplish the purpose of this section. 
(d) L
AUNCH LIABILITY EXTENSION .—Section 
50915(f) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 103. LAUNCH LICENSE FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 50906 of title 51, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘launched or 
reentered’’ and inserting ‘‘launched or reentered under that permit’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (d)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) research and development to test design 
concepts, equipment, or operating techniques;’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘prior to 
obtaining a license’’; (4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘suborbital 
rocket design’’ and inserting ‘‘suborbital rocket or rocket design’’; and 
(5) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) The Secretary may issue a permit under 
this section notwithstanding any license issued under this chapter. The issuance of a license under this chapter shall not invalidate a permit under this section.’’. 
SEC. 104. GOVERNMENT ASTRONAUTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 50902 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(22) as paragraphs (5) through (23), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) ‘government astronaut’ means an indi-
vidual designated as such by the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, pursuant requirements established by the Administrator, who— 
‘‘(A) is an employee of— ‘‘(i) the United States Government, including 
the United States Armed Forces; or 
‘‘(ii) a foreign government that is a party to 
the Intergovernmental Agreement Among the Government of Canada, Governments of Member States of the European Space Agency, the Gov-ernment of Japan, the Government of the Rus-sian Federation, and the Government of the United States of America Concerning Coopera-tion on the Civil International Space Station, signed on January 29, 1998; and 
‘‘(B) is carried within a launch vehicle or re-
entry vehicle in the course of his or her employ-ment, which may include performance of activi-ties directly relating to the launch, reentry, or other operation of the launch vehicle or reentry vehicle.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘government astronaut,’’ after ‘‘crew,’’; 
(4) in paragraph (7)(A), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘government astronaut,’’ after ‘‘(including crew training),’’; 
(5) in paragraph (14), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘government astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew,’’; 
(6) in paragraph (15)(A), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘government astronaut,’’ after ‘‘(including crew training),’’; 
(7) by amending paragraph (18), as so redesig-
nated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, to read as follows: 
‘‘(18) ‘space flight participant’ means an indi-
vidual, who is not crew or a government astro-naut, carried within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle.’’; and 
(8) in paragraph (22)(E), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘, government astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’. 
(b) R
ESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , OPERATIONS , 
ANDREENTRIES ; SINGLE LICENSE OR PERMIT .— 
Section 50904(d) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, government astro-nauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’. 
(c) L
ICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS ; 
APPLICATIONS .—Section 50905 of title 51, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘crews and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight partici-pants’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(D), by inserting ‘‘, gov-
ernment astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, govern-
ment astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to crew or 
space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(d) M
ONITORING ACTIVITIES .—Section 50907(a) 
of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘crew or space flight participant train-
ing’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astro-naut, or space flight participant training’’. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL SUSPENSIONS .—Section 
50908(d)(1) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘to crew or space flight participants’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
SEC. 105. INDEMNIFICATION FOR SPACE FLIGHT 
PARTICIPANTS. 
Chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in section 50914(a)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) space flight participants.’’; and (2) in section 50915(a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or a contractor’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘a contractor’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘but not against’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘or’’. 
SEC. 106. FEDERAL JURISDICTION. 
Section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) F EDERAL JURISDICTION .—Any action or 
tort arising from a licensed launch or reentry shall be the sole jurisdiction of the Federal courts and shall be decided under Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 107. CROSS-WAIVERS. 
Section 50914(b)(1) of title 51, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A launch or reentry license issued or transferred under this chapter shall contain a provision re-quiring the licensee or transferee to make a re-ciprocal waiver of claims with its contractors, subcontractors, and customers, the contractors and subcontractors of the customers, and any space flight participants, involved in launch services or reentry services or participating in a flight under which each party to the waiver agrees to be responsible for property damage or loss it or they sustain, or for personal injury to, death of, or property damage or loss sustained by its own employees resulting from an activity carried out under the applicable license.’’. 
SEC. 108. ORBITAL TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that, as none currently exists, there may be a need for a framework that addresses space traffic management of United States Gov-ernment assets and United States private sector assets to minimize the proliferation of debris and decrease the congestion of the orbital environ-ment. 
(b) S
TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall enter into an ar-rangement with an independent, private systems engineering and technical assistance organiza-tion to study frameworks for the management of space traffic and orbital activities. The study shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of current regulations, Gov-
ernment best practices, and industry standards that apply to space traffic management and or-bital debris mitigation. 
(2) An assessment of current statutory author-
ity granted to the Federal Communications Commission, the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and how those agencies utilize and coordinate those authorities. 
(3) A review of all space traffic management 
and orbital debris requirements under treaties and other international agreements to which the United States is a signatory, and other non-binding international arrangements in which the United States participates, and the manner in which the Federal Government complies with those requirements. 
(4) An assessment of existing Federal Govern-
ment assets used to conduct space traffic man-agement and space situational awareness. 
(5) An assessment of the risk associated with 
smallsats as well as any necessary Government coordination for their launch and utilization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.009 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3523 May 21, 2015 
(6) An assessment of existing private sector in-
formation sharing activities associated with space situational awareness and space traffic management. 
(7) Recommendations related to the framework 
for the protection of the health, safety, and wel-fare of the public and economic vitality of the space industry. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate the report required in subsection (b). 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORITIES .— 
Congress recognizes the vital and unique role played by the Department of Defense in pro-tecting national security assets in space. Noth-ing in this section shall be construed to amend authorities granted to the Department of De-fense to safeguard the national security. 
SEC. 109. STATE COMMERCIAL LAUNCH FACILI-
TIES. 
It is the Sense of Congress that State involve-
ment, development, ownership, and operation of launch facilities can help enable growth of the Nation’s commercial suborbital and orbital space endeavors and support both commercial and Government space programs. It is further the sense of Congress that State launch facilities and the people and property within the affected launch areas of those State facilities are subject to risks if the commercial launch vehicle fails or experiences an anomaly. To ensure the success of the commercial launch industry and the safe-ty of the people and property in the affected launch areas, it is the further sense of Congress that States and State launch facilities should seek to take proper measures to secure their in-vestments and the safety of third parties from potential damages that could be suffered from commercial launch activities. 
SEC. 110. SPACE SUPPORT VEHICLES STUDY. 
Not less than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a report on the use of space support vehicle services in the com-mercial space industry. This report shall in-clude— 
(1) the extent to which launch providers rely 
on such services as part of their business mod-els; 
(2) the statutory, regulatory, and market bar-
riers to the use of such services; and 
(3) recommendations for legislative or regu-
latory action that may be needed to ensure re-duced barriers to the use of such services if such use is a requirement of the industry. 
SEC. 111. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative require-ments and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-
affirms that the Secretary of Transportation, in overseeing and coordinating commercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and re-
entries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and private 
sector involvement in enhancing U.S. launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety of 
property, national security interests, and for-eign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another executive 
agency, including the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to pro-vide consistent application of licensing require-ments under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, and the heads of other executive agen-cies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are im-
posed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehi-cle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified in 
subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the rel-evant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a re-
quirement of one agency could result in the sat-isfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative require-ments or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sec-tor, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes the following: 
(A) A description of the process for the appli-
cation for and approval of a permit or license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch ve-hicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating on 
a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplicative 
requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, to 
coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency require-ments. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that may 
further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to improve 
efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve in-consistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements across 
affected agencies into a single application set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in sec-
tion 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and ‘‘re-
entry’’ include landing of a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government re-entry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
SEC. 112. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM UPDATE. 
(a) C HAPTER 701.— (1) A MENDMENT .—The chapter heading of 
chapter 701 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘ SPACE SHUTTLE ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM ’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to chapter 701 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Space Shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
(b) S
ECTION 70101.— 
(1) A MENDMENTS .—Section 70101 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ space 
shuttle ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Space Launch Sys-
tem’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting 
‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing section 70101 in the table of sections for chapter 701 of title 51, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
(c) S
ECTION 70102.— 
(1) A MENDMENTS .—Section 70102 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ Space 
shuttle ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Space Launch Sys-
tem’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘space 
shuttle’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Space Launch System’’; 
(C) in subsection (a)(1)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘di-
rectly to cis-lunar space and the regions of space beyond low-Earth orbit’’ after ‘‘human presence’’; 
(D) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘a 
shuttle launch’’ and inserting ‘‘a launch of the Space Launch System’’; 
(E) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘a space 
shuttle mission’’ and inserting ‘‘a mission of the Space Launch System’’; 
(F) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘Space Launch System’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘from the shuttle’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘from the Space Launch System’’; 
(G) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘space shut-
tle’’ and inserting ‘‘Space Launch System’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘Space Launch System’ means the Space Launch System authorized under section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration Authorization Act of 2010.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing section 70102 in the table of sections for chapter 701 of title 51, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘Space shuttle’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
(d) S
ECTION 70103.— 
(1) A MENDMENTS .—Section 70103 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ space 
shuttle ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Space Launch Sys-
tem’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing section 70103 in the table of sections for chapter 701 of title 51, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Space Launch System’’. 
TITLE II—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Space Resource 
Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. TITLE 51 AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle V of title 51, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 513—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘51301. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.009 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3524 May 21, 2015 
‘‘51302. Commercialization of space resource ex-
ploration and utilization. 
‘‘51303. Legal framework. 
‘‘§ 51301. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) S PACE RESOURCE .—The term ‘space re-
source’ means a natural resource of any kind found in situ in outer space. 
‘‘(2) A
STEROID RESOURCE .—The term ‘asteroid 
resource’ means a space resource found on or within a single asteroid. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means any of 
the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other commonwealth, territory, or posses-sion of the United States. 
‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES COMMERCIAL SPACE RE -
SOURCE UTILIZATION ENTITY .—The term ‘United 
States commercial space resource utilization en-tity’ means an entity providing space resource exploration or utilization services, the control of which is held by persons other than a Federal, State, local, or foreign government, and that is— 
‘‘(A) duly organized under the laws of a 
State; 
‘‘(B) subject to the subject matter and per-
sonal jurisdiction of the courts of the United States; or 
‘‘(C) a foreign entity that has voluntarily sub-
mitted to the subject matter and personal juris-diction of the courts of the United States. 
‘‘§ 51302. Commercialization of space resource 
exploration and utilization 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The President, acting 
through appropriate Federal agencies, shall— 
‘‘(1) facilitate the commercial exploration and 
utilization of space resources to meet national needs; 
‘‘(2) discourage government barriers to the de-
velopment of economically viable, safe, and sta-ble industries for the exploration and utilization of space resources in manners consistent with the existing international obligations of the United States; and 
‘‘(3) promote the right of United States com-
mercial entities to explore outer space and uti-lize space resources, in accordance with the ex-isting international obligations of the United States, free from harmful interference, and to transfer or sell such resources. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the President shall submit to Congress a report that contains recommendations for— 
‘‘(1) the allocation of responsibilities relating 
to the exploration and utilization of space re-sources among Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(2) any authorities necessary to meet the 
international obligations of the United States with respect to the exploration and utilization of space resources. 
‘‘§ 51303. Legal framework 
‘‘(a) P
ROPERTY RIGHTS .—Any asteroid re-
sources obtained in outer space are the property of the entity that obtained such resources, which shall be entitled to all property rights thereto, consistent with applicable provisions of Federal law and existing international obliga-tions. 
‘‘(b) S
AFETY OF OPERATIONS .—A United States 
commercial space resource utilization entity shall avoid causing harmful interference in outer space. 
‘‘(c) C
IVILACTION FOR RELIEF FROM HARM-
FULINTERFERENCE .—A United States commer-
cial space resource utilization entity may bring a civil action for appropriate legal or equitable relief, or both, under this chapter for any action by another entity subject to United States juris-diction causing harmful interference to its oper-ations with respect to an asteroid resource utili-zation activity in outer space. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF DECISION .—In a civil action 
brought pursuant to subsection (c) with respect to an asteroid resource utilization activity in 
outer space, a court shall enter judgment in favor of the plaintiff if the court finds— 
‘‘(1) the plaintiff— ‘‘(A) acted in accordance with all existing 
international obligations of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) was first in time to conduct the activity; 
and 
‘‘(2) the activity is reasonable for the explo-
ration and utilization of asteroid resources. 
‘‘(e) E
XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The district 
courts of the United States shall have original jurisdiction over an action under this chapter without regard to the amount in controversy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
chapters for title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle V the following: 
‘‘513. Space resource exploration and 
utilization .................................... 51301’’. 
TITLE III—COMMERCIAL REMOTE 
SENSING 
SEC. 301. ANNUAL REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 
601 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 60126. Annual reporting 
‘‘The Secretary shall provide a report to the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the SPACE Act of 2015 and an-nually thereafter on— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary’s implementation of section 
60121, including— 
‘‘(A) a list of all applications received in the 
previous calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a list of all applications approved; ‘‘(C) a list of all applications denied; ‘‘(D) a list of all applications that required 
additional information; and 
‘‘(E) a list of all applications whose disposi-
tion exceeded the 120 day deadline established in section 60121(c), the total days overdue for applications that exceeded such deadline, and an explanation for the delay; 
‘‘(2) all notifications and information pro-
vided to the Secretary pursuant to section 60122; and 
‘‘(3) all actions taken by the Secretary under 
the administrative authority granted by section 60123(a)(4), (5), and (6).’’. 
SEC. 302. STATUTORY UPDATE REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion’s Advisory Committee on Commercial Re-mote Sensing, shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate on statutory updates necessary to protect national security, protect privacy (which is not to be taken as altering any condition or stand-ards for licensing), protect the United States in-dustrial base, and reflect the current state of the art of remote sensing systems, instruments, or technologies. 
TITLE IV—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
SEC. 401. RENAMING OF OFFICE OF SPACE COM-
MERCIALIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER HEADING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—The chapter heading for 
chapter 507 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘ COMMERCIALIZA-
TION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Commerce ’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to chapter 507 in the table chapters for title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-merce’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OFFICE .— Section 50701 of 
title 51, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-
merce’’. 
(c) R ENAMING .—Section 50702(a) of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Com-merce’’. 
SEC. 402. FUNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF SPACE 
COMMERCE. 
Section 50702(c) of title 51, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘Commerce.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Commerce, including to— 
‘‘(1) foster the conditions for the economic 
growth and technological advancement of the United States space commerce industry; 
‘‘(2) coordinate space commerce policy issues 
and actions within the Department of Com-merce; 
‘‘(3) represent the Department of Commerce in 
the development of United States policies and in negotiations with foreign countries to promote United States space commerce; 
‘‘(4) promote the advancement of United 
States geospatial technologies related to space commerce, in cooperation with relevant inter-agency working groups; and 
‘‘(5) provide support to Federal Government 
organizations working on Space-Based Posi-tioning Navigation, and Timing policy, includ-ing the National Coordination Office for Space- Based Position, Navigation, and Timing.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–127. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, line 18, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert 
‘‘(3)’’. 
Page 14, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘and shall 
be decided under Federal law’’. 
Page 15, line 18, insert ‘‘, in consultation 
with the Federal Aviation Administration, the Federal Communications Commission, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, and the Department of De-fense,’’ after ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration’’. 
Page 17, line 18, insert ‘‘(a) S
ENSE OF CON-
GRESS .—’’ before ‘‘It is the Sense’’. 
Page 18, after line 8, insert the following: (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the potential inclusion of all government prop-erty, including State and municipal prop-erty, in the existing indemnification regime established under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code. 
Page 23, line 19, insert ‘‘in the table of 
chapters’’ after ‘‘chapter 701’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.009 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3525 May 21, 2015 
Page 31, line 22, amend subparagraph (C) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(C) a list of all applications denied and an 
explanation of why each application was de-nied, including any information relevant to the interagency adjudication process of a li-censing request; 
Page 32, line 10, after paragraph (3), insert 
the following: 
Such report may include classified annexes 
as necessary to protect the disclosure of sen-sitive or classified information. 
Page 32, after line 10, insert the following: (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 601 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 60125 the following new item: 
‘‘60126. Annual reporting.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment contains minor correc-tions to the underlying bill and is gen-erally technical in nature. The amend-ment provides clarity to some of the reports in the bill on the learning pe-riod, orbital traffic management, com-mercial remote sensing, and the inclu-sion of classified annexes. 
Additionally, this amendment en-
sures that Federal courts handling legal disputes will look to substantive State law to resolve claims that arise from a federally licensed launch. 
Finally, this amendment includes a 
reporting requirement from the Gov-ernment Accounting Office about the inclusion of State and municipal launch facilities in the indemnification regime. 
This technical amendment will im-
prove the clarity of multiple sections of the bill and ensure continued sup-port for the growing commercial space industry. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentlewoman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The amendment partially addresses 
the concerns that we have had with the Federal jurisdiction provision in H.R. 2262. Maintaining ‘‘under Federal law’’ would have resulted in eliminating the rights of individuals to bring almost any type of legal action against compa-nies related to commercial spaceflight accidents due to the lack of any appli-cable Federal law. 
I would also like to highlight another 
change in the manager’s amendment that goes beyond a technical remedy or a simple clarification. The amendment adds a requirement for the Secretary of Commerce to provide an annual report on its review of applications for li-censes for commercial remote sensing. 
The manager’s amendment now makes accommodation for the inclusion of classified annexes as necessary. 
Mr. Chair, while this is a necessary 
addition to protect the disclosure of sensitive or classified information, it is only necessary because this amend-ment adds the requirement for the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide infor-mation related to the interagency ad-judication process of a commercial re-mote sensing licensing request. 
I highlight these two changes be-
cause they demonstrate that the proc-ess of developing H.R. 2262 has, in fact, been rushed and not very well thought out. Had we taken the time to hold hearings and sort things out, we actu-ally could have had an opportunity to consider these changes as part of the committee process. 
That said, I support the chairman’s 
amendment to make some needed im-provements to the bill, though I firmly believe it still needs an awful lot more work. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A House Report 114–127. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 9, lines 18 through 20, amend para-
graph (1) to read as follows: 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘that will 
be launched or reentered’’ and inserting ‘‘or reusable launch vehicles that will be launched into a suborbital trajectory or re-entered under that permit’’; 
Page 10, lines 1 and 2, amend paragraph (3) 
to read as follows: 
(3) in subsection (d)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘prior to obtaining a li-
cense’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or vehicle’’ after ‘‘design 
of the rocket’’; 
Page 10, line 5, insert ‘‘, or for a particular 
reusable launch vehicle or reusable launch vehicle design,’’ after ‘‘rocket design’’. 
Page 10, line 5, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 10, line 6, redesignate paragraph (5) as 
paragraph (6). 
Page 10, after line 5, insert the following 
new paragraph: 
(5) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting ‘‘or 
launch vehicle’’ after ‘‘the suborbital rock-et’’; 
Page 10, line 11, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 10, after line 11, insert the following 
new paragraph: 
(7) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘or reus-
able launch vehicle’’ after ‘‘suborbital rock-et’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, today 
I rise to offer an amendment to support and facilitate innovation in cutting- edge American enterprises. My amend-ment will expand the eligibility for ex-perimental permits for reusable rock-ets to include reusable launch vehicles. 
Experimental permits currently have 
three uses: the research and develop-ment of new test designs, concepts, equipment, or operating techniques; to show compliance with requirements as part of the process for obtaining a li-cense; or to train crews before they re-ceive a license for launch or reentry. However, the FAA currently does not have the ability to grant experimental permits for launch vehicles. 
b1130 
Under current law, they are re-
stricted to granting permits for reus-able suborbital rockets. This can re-quire industry and the Federal Govern-ment to go to extraordinary lengths to find ways to conduct tests. In some cases, there is no alternative for test-ing. 
Expanding access to these permits 
will help innovators develop new and important technologies right here in America. These permits will create new opportunities for American busi-nesses and will help harness the tre-mendous potential of our space explo-ration industry. 
I want to thank Chairman L
AMAR  
SMITH, Ranking Member E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON , and their staffs for their 
assistance with this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment ensures that the com-mercial space industry is not pigeon-holed into specific vehicle designs. By allowing different types of vehicles to be included in the launch license flexi-bility regime, we will allow the indus-try to grow, innovate, and continue to improve safety designs. 
This amendment is reasonable and 
consistent with the spirit of the license flexibility provisions of the underlying bill. I support the gentleman’s amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.010 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3526 May 21, 2015 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 14, after line 12, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 106. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF INDEMNIFICA-
TION FOR SPACE FLIGHT PARTICI-PANTS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detailing the results of a study of the issues associated with space flight participants and potential third party claims that could arise from a potential ac-cident of a commercial licensed launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle that is carrying space flight participants. The study shall— 
(1) identify the issues associated with 
space flight participants and third party li-ability; 
(2) identify options for addressing the 
issues; 
(3) identify any potential unintended con-
sequences and issues associated with each of the options; and 
(4) identify any potential costs to the Fed-
eral Government for each of the options. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment calls for a study ana-lyzing our approach to third-party li-ability with regard to spaceflight par-ticipants. The study will identify issues, options to address those issues, consequences of those options, and the potential cost to the Federal Govern-ment for each option. 
I would note that the idea for this 
study was originally put forward by Ms. E
DWARDS of Maryland, someone 
whom I deeply admire and listen to when she makes her points. We heard her make her points during discussion with our committee, and I felt it was a very good idea, and I am moving for-ward with it today. 
The underlying bill includes a legis-
lative fix for third-party liability and spaceflight participants. That is what our bill does. However, a study would see if there is even a better way or if we have covered all of our bases with the fix that is in this bill. 
Right now, a spaceflight participant 
is financially at risk if the vehicle they fly on has some kind of an incident. It doesn’t matter if you are a billionaire or someone who has scrimped for a long time to get one of these spaceflights, maybe a contest winner or a science teacher who wants to share his experience with students or a scientist accompanying their experi-ment. 
Right now, these folks aren’t just 
paying the fare; they are potentially risking everything that their family owns because they may be liable if something goes wrong. 
As I say, we have a fix about that in 
the current bill, but this study would see if there is a better way, along with some other things we can do, to make 
that fix better. There is no reason at this point to believe that this approach is any worse than the other ap-proaches, but let’s keep our minds open. 
Right now, we have a hole in the 
bridge, and this bill puts a patch on that hole. Let’s see if there is a study to see if there is a better way to fix the bridge. In the meantime, we have got something in place in this bill—a study—to see if we can do a better job. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment, al-though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentlewoman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDWARDS. I want to note for 
the record, though I am not in opposi-tion, I think the study is a good idea. Ideally, I would think that Congress would choose to study the thing before it actually passes the law, but that is not where we are today. I think it is a good idea to proceed forward with this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. I thank the 
gentlewoman for giving us the idea for this study in the first place, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank my col-
league from California (Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER ), a member of the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, for yielding me time. 
I simply want to say that this 
amendment requires an independent re-port about the inclusion of spaceflight participants in the indemnification re-gime. This is an important topic, and gathering additional information on this policy would be helpful for future legislation. 
Requiring this study is reasonable 
and consistent with the spirit and the policies of the underlying bill, so I sup-port it. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, line 19, insert ‘‘nonprofit,’’ after 
‘‘independent,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I would like to thank my col-league from San Antonio, Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, and also follow Texan 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , the ranking 
member, for their work on this bill and for consideration of my amendment. 
My amendment amends the section 
of the bill concerning the orbital traf-fic management study. The bill, as written, has the Administrator of NASA enter into an agreement with an independent private systems engineer-ing and technical assistance organiza-tion to study frameworks for the man-agement of space traffic and orbital ac-tivities. 
My amendment would include non-
profits, so that nonprofit independent research organizations can contribute to this critical work. In addition to al-lowing for private contractors to be part of this discussion, my amendment would also allow for nonprofits to do the same. 
In Texas, we have become a hub for 
space research and exploration. Some of the private industries or private businesses doing work in this business include Lockheed and Boeing, but there are also wonderful nonprofits like the Southwest Research Institute, in our hometown of San Antonio, and the Universities Space Research Asso-ciation, which is based in Houston. My amendment would allow these non-profits to also be part of this work. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment requires the orbital traffic management study in the under-lying bill to be conducted by an inde-pendent, nonprofit, private systems en-gineering and technical assistance or-ganization. 
Requiring the study to be done by a 
nonprofit is reasonable and consistent with the spirit of the study require-ment in the underlying bill. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s amend-
ment; I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 22, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.023 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3527 May 21, 2015 
Page 22, line 23, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 22, after line 23, insert the following: (iii) facilitate outreach to minority- and 
women-owned businesses on business oppor-tunities in the commercial space industry. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the manager of the bill, the chairman of the full committee, and the ranking member of the full committee for the hard work they do on issues that are important to our Nation and their service to this country. Let me also thank the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) for her astute leader-
ship on many of these issues. 
Let me as well indicate my commit-
ment to space exploration. As I said earlier, I hope that we can work on a number of issues, but I hope we can work together on what I think is an important economic engine for the Na-tion, first starting with John F. Ken-nedy’s challenge to all of us and devel-oping, through President Johnson, the NASA centers across America, and the enormous research that has been done by NASA over the years. 
I remember debating this question of 
funding for NASA really in the 1990s and 2000s, talking about the research of heart disease, cancers, HIV/AIDS. 
I say that to say that, as we move 
into commercial space exploration, we certainly want to make sure that op-portunities are given to all of America. This is commercial, yes; but the provi-sions of commercial space work are en-hanced by the government in the re-sources that we have. 
My amendment is to provide that 
recognition and to conduct outreach to the small-, minority-, and women- owned business community. It requires that the provisions of the bill that ad-dress future legislation should include work on how to effectively conduct outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities. 
As we have all worked hard to en-
courage small-business owners to produce jobs, this is a great entrepre-neurial effort, and therefore, I support the initiatives that would increase an outreach to small businesses and cre-ate more jobs. 
There are approximately 6 million 
minority-owned businesses in the United States—representing significant aspects of our economy—and many, many more women and small busi-nesses and other minority-owned busi-nesses. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank 
Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHN-
SON for their efforts to advance our nation’s 
space exploration horizon. 
I am a firm believer that commercial and 
government unmanned and manned space ex-ploration complement each other. The Internet was initially a federal govern-
ment research and development project that transitioned to a commercial and public re-source that has in less than 2 decades fueled economic opportunities for thousands of U.S. companies large and small. 
The transition to commercial space explo-
ration will need the collaboration and support of the Federal government to be sure that it is inclusive, safe and profitable. 
The commercial space industry must yield 
opportunities for all U.S. businesses, which is why I am offering Jackson Lee Amendment Number 5. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment requires that 
the provisions of the bill that address future legislation also lay the foundation for the com-mercial space industry to include work on how to effectively conduct outreach to small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities. 
I have worked hard to help small business 
owners to fully realize their current and future potential. 
That is why I support entrepreneurial devel-
opment programs, including the Small Busi-ness Development Center and Women’s Busi-ness Center programs. 
These initiatives provide counseling in a va-
riety of critical areas, including business plan development, finance, and marketing. 
Outreach is key to developing healthy and 
diverse small businesses in all sectors of the economy. 
There are approximately 6 million minority 
owned businesses in the United States, rep-resenting a significant aspect of our economy. 
According to the most recent available Cen-
sus data, minority owned businesses employ nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion dollars in economic output. 
Women owned businesses have increased 
20% between 2002 and 2007, and currently total close to 8 million. 
My home city of Houston, Texas, the home 
of the Johnson Space Center, is also home to more than 60,000 women owned businesses, and more than 60,000 African American owned businesses. 
Just as the national highway system and 
rural electrification has led to opportunities for communities to participate in the national economy, so will federal investment in our na-tion’s infrastructure and capacity in space ex-ploration pave the way for a new era of eco-nomic growth and opportunity. 
I ask my colleagues to vote for the Jackson 
Lee Amendments. 
I would ask that my amendment be 
accepted, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I don’t oppose it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment requires the launch li-cense streamlining report to include recommendations on how the FAA should facilitate outreach to minority- and women-owned businesses about op-portunities in the commercial space in-dustry. I don’t object to the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. May I inquire 
how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me conclude, 
Mr. Chairman, by saying that women- owned businesses have increased 20 per-cent between 2002 and 2007. They cur-rently total close to $8 million. Accord-ing to the most recent available Census data, minority-owned businesses em-ploy nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion in economic out-put. 
My home city of Houston, the home 
of the Johnson Space Center, is also home to more than 60,000 women-owned businesses, 60,000 African American- owned businesses, and multitudes of minority-owned businesses. 
I would offer to say that, if we can 
include this amendment, that outreach to these entities under this commercial space exploration legislation will be adding more jobs to the American economy. 
I ask for the support of the Jackson 
Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 22, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 22, line 23, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 22, after line 23, insert the following: 
(iii) facilitate the participation of the 
Emerging Researchers National Conference in STEM, American Association for the Ad-vancement of Science, Louis Stokes Alli-ances for Minority Participation Program (LAMP), Historically Black Colleges and Universities Undergraduate Program (HBCU- UP) of the National Science Foundation, Emerging Researchers National Conference in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, the University of Florida’s In-stitute for African-American Mentoring in Computing Sciences, the Hispanic Associa-tion of Colleges and Universities, the Na-tional Indian Education Association, and other institutions, organizations, or associa-tions as the Secretary of Transportation de-termines to be useful in investigating the feasibility of developing programs for fellow-ships, work-study, and employment opportu-nities for undergraduate and graduate stu-dents. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.011 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3528 May 21, 2015 
b1145 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my 
appreciation to all of those who are on the floor today. 
My amendment speaks to discussions 
that this Congress has had over many, many years on the question of science, technology, engineering, and math and, in particular, working with more vul-nerable communities. 
My amendment would facilitate the 
participation of HBCUs, Hispanic Serv-ing Institutions, National Indian Insti-tutions, in fellowships, work-study, and employment opportunities in the emerging commercial space industry. 
I remember some years ago that we 
developed a fellowship for graduate and Ph.D. candidates at Texas Southern University to interact at NASA John-son. It was a very effective effort, and certainly, well-received by those who were able to participate. 
That is, again, investing in univer-
sities and colleges that interact, again, with vulnerable populations or do out-reach to minority students and expose them, again, at graduate level and un-dergraduate level to science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. 
For over two decades the Nation has 
known that the economy will be driv-en, not by the hammer and anvil, but by the ingenuity and hard work of our Nation. Therefore, the imagination that fuels invention is so valuable to the well-being of our Nation. 
My amendment would follow in that 
spirit by increasing awareness among underrepresented groups in STEM em-ployment and education opportunities and, I would hope, would create part-nerships between the commercial space industry and our HBCUs, our Native American Institutions, Hispanic Serv-ing, and allow work-study and employ-ment opportunities in this growing and emerging commercial space industry. 
I believe it would be an excellent 
partnership and would be an excellent contribution to the economic engine of this Nation. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, Article 1 
Section 8 of the United States Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts . . .’’ 
Too often the interpretation of these words 
are only about patents and inventions, but it extends to our nation’s federal investment in areas of science that open up new avenues for economic and technological advance-ments. 
I thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Mem-
ber J OHNSON for their work to advance the sci-
entific horizon of our nation. 
Jackson Lee Amendment Number 6, made 
in order by the Rules Committee, would facili-tate the participation of HBCU, Hispanic Serv-ing Institutions; National Indian institutions, in fellowships, work-study and employment op-portunities in the emerging commercial space industry. 
For over 2 decades the nation has known 
that the economy will be driven by the ham-mer and the anvil, but by the ingenuity and hard work of our nation’s people. The imagination that fuels invention—is so 
valuable to the wellbeing of our nation that the founders placed it as a key responsibility of the legislative branch. 
My amendment would follow in this spirit by 
increasing awareness among underrep-resented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities in the commercial space industry. 
One of the most enduring difficulties faced 
by underrepresented populations in the STEM field is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employ-ment opportunities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the na-
tion’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math grows, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 per-
cent, of the STEM workforce despite rep-resenting 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
All of our nation’s citizens must be able to 
tap into, what has been described in the Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program Report as, ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy.’’ 
This report stated that in 2011, 26 million 
jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
Half of all STEM jobs are available to work-
ers without a 4 year degree, and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
Houston, Texas, the home of the Johnson 
Space Center, has the second highest con-centration of engineers (22.4 for every 1000 workers according to the Greater Houston Partnership). 
Houston has 59,070 engineers, the second 
largest population in the nation. 
This Jackson Lee Amendment will open up 
an avenue to allow underrepresented groups in the STEM economy a means of learning about the commercial space industry through the development of fellowships, work study, and employment opportunities for under-graduate and graduate students. 
I ask my colleagues to vote for the Jackson 
Lee Amendments. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment requires the launch li-cense streamlining report in the under-lying bill to include recommendations on how the FAA might facilitate the participation of Historically Black Col-leges and Universities, Hispanic Serv-ing Institutions, and National Indian Institutions in the emerging commer-cial space industry. I don’t object to this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I 
would like to thank the gentleman for his support for both of my amend-ments. And I, again, would indicate that every opportunity we have to grow the economy and expand to those populations not fully included, this 
Congress should take an opportunity to do. 
I see, in this amendment, oppor-
tunity for jobs, for partnerships, and certainly opportunities for growing the engineers and other talented persons whom we need for, in essence, a new America with a new economy, techno-logically-based. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 114–127. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Com-
mercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 51, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 51, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. LIABILITY INSURANCE AND FINANCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that it is in the public interest to update the methodology used to calculate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, with a validated risk profile approach in order to consistently compute valid and reasonable maximum probable loss values. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than Sep-
tember 30, 2015, the Secretary of Transpor-tation, in consultation with the commercial space sector and insurance providers, shall— 
(1) evaluate and, if necessary, develop a 
plan to update the methodology used to cal-culate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code; 
(2) in evaluating or developing a plan under 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) ensure that the Federal Government is 
not exposed to greater costs than intended and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary; and 
(B) consider the impact of the cost to both 
the industry and the Government of imple-menting an updated methodology; and 
(3) submit the evaluation, and any plan, to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 4. LAUNCH LIABILITY EXTENSION. 
Section 50915(f) is amended by striking 
‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.032 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3529 May 21, 2015 
SEC. 5. COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH LICENSING 
AND EXPERIMENTAL PERMITS. 
Section 50906 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘launched 
or reentered’’ and inserting ‘‘launched or re-entered under that permit’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (d)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) research and development to test de-
sign concepts, equipment, or operating tech-niques;’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(3) by striking ‘‘prior to 
obtaining a license’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(1) by striking ‘‘sub-
orbital rocket design’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-orbital rocket or suborbital rocket design’’; and 
(5) by amending subsection (g) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(g) The Secretary may issue a permit 
under this section notwithstanding any li-cense issued under this chapter. The issuance of a license under this chapter may not in-validate a permit issued under this section.’’. 
SEC. 6. LICENSING REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on approaches for streamlining the licensing and permit-ting process of launch vehicles, reentry vehi-cles, or components of launch or reentry ve-hicles, to enable non-launch flight oper-ations related to space transportation. The report shall include approaches to improve efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints. 
SEC. 7. SPACE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, and the commercial space sector, shall— 
(1) assess current, and proposed near-term, 
commercial non-governmental activities conducted in space; 
(2) identify appropriate oversight authori-
ties for the activities described in paragraph (1); 
(3) recommend an oversight approach that 
would prioritize safety, utilize existing au-thorities, minimize burdens, promote the U.S. commercial space sector, and meet the United States’ obligations under inter-national treaties; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the assessment and recommended approaches. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall apply to the activities of the ISS na-tional laboratory as described in section 504 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354), including any research or de-velopment projects utilizing the ISS na-tional laboratory. 
SEC. 8. SPACE SURVEILLANCE AND SITUATIONAL 
AWARENESS DATA. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation in concurrence with the Sec-retary of Defense shall— 
(1) in consultation with the heads of other 
relevant Federal agencies, study the feasi-bility of processing and releasing safety-re-lated space situational awareness data and information to any entity consistent with 
national security interests and public safety obligations of the United States; and 
(2) submit a report on the feasibility study 
to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 9. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN SAFETY REGULA-
TION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CERTAIN SAFETY REGULA -
TION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 50905(c)(3) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Beginning on October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning on October 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Section 50905(c) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed to limit the authority of the Sec-retary to discuss potential regulatory ap-proaches with the commercial space sector, including observations, findings, and rec-ommendations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, prior to the issuance of a notice of proposed rule-making.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation, in consultation with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advi-sory Committee, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representative a report specifying key in-dustry metrics that might indicate readiness of the commercial space sector and the De-
partment of Transportation to transition to a regulatory approach under section 50905(c)(3) of title 51, United States Code, that considers space flight participant, gov-ernment astronaut, and crew safety. 
(d) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Beginning on De-
cember 31, 2016, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary of Transportation, in consulta-tion and coordination with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that identifies the ac-tivities, described in subsections (c) and (d) of section 50905 of title 51, United States Code, most appropriate for regulatory ac-tion, if any, and a proposed transition plan for such regulations. 
SEC. 10. INDUSTRY VOLUNTARY CONSENSUS 
STANDARDS. 
(a) I NDUSTRY VOLUNTARY CONSENSUS  
STANDARDS .—Section 50905(c), as amended in 
section 9 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) The Secretary shall continue to work 
with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advi-sory Committee, to facilitate the develop-ment of voluntary consensus standards based on recommended best practices to improve the safety of crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants as the commer-cial space sector continues to mature.’’. 
(b) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Beginning on De-
cember 31, 2016, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary of Transportation, in consulta-tion and coordination with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report detailing progress on the development of industry voluntary con-sensus standards under section 50905(c)(6) of title 51, United States Code. SEC. 11. GOVERNMENT ASTRONAUTS. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSE .—Section 
50901(15) is amended by inserting ‘‘, govern-ment astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’ each place it appears. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF GOVERNMENT ASTRO -
NAUT .—Section 50902 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(22) as paragraphs (7) through (25), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ‘government astronaut ’ means an indi-
vidual who— 
‘‘(A) is either— ‘‘(i) an employee of the United States Gov-
ernment, including the uniformed services, engaged in the performance of a Federal function under authority of law or an Execu-tive act; or 
‘‘(ii) an international partner astronaut; ‘‘(B) is identified by the Administrator of 
the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration; 
‘‘(C) is carried within a launch vehicle or 
reentry vehicle; and 
‘‘(D) may perform or may not perform ac-
tivities directly relating to the launch, re-entry, or other operation of the launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle. 
‘‘(5) ‘international partner astronaut’ 
means an individual designated under Arti-cle 11 of the International Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement, by a partner to that agreement other than the United States, as qualified to serve as an Inter-national Space Station crew member. 
‘‘(6) ‘International Space Station Intergov-
ernmental Agreement’ means the Agreement Concerning Cooperation on the International Space Station, signed at Washington Janu-ary 29, 1998 (TIAS 12927).’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH .—Paragraph (7) 
of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘and any payload, crew, or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘and any payload or human being’’. 
(d) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH SERVICES .—Para-
graph (9) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew (includ-ing crew training), or space flight partici-pant’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (includ-ing crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant’’. 
(e) D
EFINITION OF REENTER AND REENTRY .— 
Paragraph (16) of section 50902, as redesig-nated, is amended by striking ‘‘and its pay-load, crew, or space flight participants, if any,’’ and inserting ‘‘and its payload or human beings, if any,’’. 
(f) D
EFINITION OF REENTRY SERVICES .— 
Paragraph (17) of section 50902, as redesig-nated, is amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew 
(including crew training), or space flight par-ticipant, if any,’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant, if any,’’. 
(g) D
EFINITION OF SPACE FLIGHT PARTICI -
PANT .—Paragraph (20) of section 50902, as re-
designated, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(20) ‘space flight participant’ means an in-
dividual, who is not crew or a government astronaut, carried within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle.’’. 
(h) D
EFINITION OF THIRD PARTY .—Para-
graph (24)(E) of section 50902, as redesig-nated, is amended by inserting ‘‘, govern-ment astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’. 
(i) R
ESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , O PER-
ATIONS , AND REENTRIES ; SINGLE LICENSE OR  
PERMIT .—Section 50904(d) is amended by 
striking ‘‘activities involving crew or space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘activities involving crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(j) L
ICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS ; A PPLICATIONS .—Section 50905 is 
amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.025 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3530 May 21, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘crews 
and space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(D), by striking 
‘‘crew or space flight participants’’ and in-serting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘crew and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to crew 
or space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(k) M
ONITORING ACTIVITIES .—Section 
50907(a) is amended by striking ‘‘crew or space flight participant training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘crew, government astronaut, or space flight participant training’’. 
(l) A
DDITIONAL SUSPENSIONS .—Section 
50908(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘to crew or space flight participants’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘to any human being’’. 
(m) E
NFORCEMENT AND PENALTY .—Section 
50917(b)(1)(D)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘crew or space flight participant training site,’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronaut, or space flight participant training site,’’. 
(n) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER EXECUTIVE  
AGENCIES , LAWS, ANDINTERNATIONAL OBLIGA -
TIONS ; NONAPPLICATION .—Section 50919(g) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) N ONAPPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This chapter does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(A) a launch, reentry, operation of a 
launch vehicle or reentry vehicle, operation of a launch site or reentry site, or other space activity the Government carries out for the Government; or 
‘‘(B) planning or policies related to the 
launch, reentry, operation, or activity under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The following 
activities are not space activities the Gov-ernment carries out for the Government under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A government astronaut being carried 
within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle under this chapter. 
‘‘(B) A government astronaut performing 
activities directly relating to the launch, re-entry, or other operation of the launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle under this chapter.’’. 
(o) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to modify or affect any law relating to astronauts. 
SEC. 12. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative re-quirements and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the com-mercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress 
reaffirms that the Secretary of Transpor-tation, in overseeing and coordinating com-mercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and 
reentries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and pri-
vate sector involvement in enhancing U.S. launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety 
of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another execu-
tive agency, including the Secretary of De-fense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to provide consistent application of licensing requirements under chapter 509 
of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and the heads of other execu-tive agencies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are 
imposed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial re-entry of a reentry vehicle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified 
in subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the relevant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a 
requirement of one agency could result in the satisfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government rel-evant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter until the Secretary of Trans-portation determines no outmoded or dupli-cative requirements or approvals of the Fed-eral Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, the commercial space sector, and the heads of other executive agencies, as ap-propriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the congressional defense committees a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the process for the ap-
plication for and approval of a permit or li-cense under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a 
launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating 
on a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplica-
tive requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, 
to coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency requirements. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that 
may further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to im-
prove efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements 
across affected agencies into a single appli-cation set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in 
section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and 
‘‘reentry’’ include landing of a launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government reentry site’’ include any necessary facility, 
at that location, that is commercially oper-ated on United States Government property. 
SEC. 13. OPERATION AND UTILIZATION OF THE 
ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) maximum utilization of partnerships, 
scientific research, commercial applications, and exploration test bed capabilities of the ISS is essential to ensuring the greatest re-turn on investments made by the United States and its international partners in the development, assembly, and operations of that unique facility; and 
(2) every effort should be made to ensure 
that decisions regarding the service life of the ISS are based on the station’s projected capability to continue providing effective and productive research and exploration test bed capabilities. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL  
SPACE STATION .— 
(1) M AINTAINING USE THROUGH AT LEAST  
2024.—Section 70907 is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 70907. Maintaining use through at least 
2024 
‘‘(a) P OLICY .—The Administrator shall take 
all necessary steps to ensure that the Inter-national Space Station remains a viable and productive facility capable of potential United States utilization through at least September 30, 2024. 
‘‘(b) NASA A
CTIONS .—In furtherance of the 
policy under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall ensure, to the extent prac-ticable, that the International Space Sta-tion, as a designated national laboratory— 
‘‘(1) remains viable as an element of over-
all exploration and partnership strategies and approaches; 
‘‘(2) is considered for use by all NASA mis-
sion directorates, as appropriate, for tech-nically appropriate scientific data gathering or technology risk reduction demonstra-tions; and 
‘‘(3) remains an effective, functional vehi-
cle providing research and test bed capabili-ties for the United States through at least September 30, 2024.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for chapter 709 
is amended by amending the item relating to section 70907 to read as follows: 
‘‘70907. Maintaining use through at least 
2024.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 273, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I am offering this sub-
stitute amendment because I think we have a unique opportunity this week to pass bipartisan commercial space legis-lation that actually stands a chance of becoming law. That is what we need to focus on this morning. 
The choice before us is really quite 
straightforward. We can spend the morning, as we have, fighting over the provisions of H.R. 2262, several of which were opposed by all of the Democratic members of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee when its provi-sions were marked up just last week. And when we are done, Members can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.025 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3531 May 21, 2015 
vote, largely on party lines, to pass the 
bill. 
But to what end, Mr. Chairman? The Senate has already made it clear 
that H.R. 2262 has the proverbial snow-ball’s chance of being adopted by the Senate. 
Pursuing House legislation, House 
passage of a bill that is going nowhere in the Senate seems to me to be the ul-timate exercise in futility, and one that does a real disservice to the com-mercial space launch industry that all of us are trying to help succeed. But we don’t have to go down that path. 
My amendment would replace the un-
derlying text of H.R. 2262 with provi-sions of the bipartisan Senate commer-cial space bill, the one that was marked up in committee just yester-day. 
Let me repeat that. The language in 
the substitute amendment, in my amendment, already has garnered bi-partisan support in the Senate. It is language that is cosponsored by Sen-ators T
EDCRUZ, BILLNELSON , CORY 
GARDNER , and G ARY PETERS , which is 
not something you can say about many other bills that we consider in the House. 
Now, the Senate bill doesn’t have ev-
erything I would like to see in a com-
mercial space bill. I am sure that is the same for my Republican colleagues and for some in the industry. That is actu-ally how legislation is made. 
However, it has a core set of provi-
sions that I think we and the industry can support, and that is what good compromises are all about. 
The amendment addresses key issues 
facing the industry. It extends the ‘‘learning period’’ for another 5 years. It extends third-party liability and in-demnification of the entire regime for another 4 years. 
It provides commercial space launch 
licensing and experimental permit flexibility. It provides a NASA-sought definition of ‘‘Government Astronaut’’ and provides a path for streamlining commercial space launch activities. 
The Senate provisions also provide 
for a review of issues related to com-mercial activities in space, as well as matters related to space situational awareness data. 
They provide encouragement for the 
FAA and the industry to work together to facilitate the development of vol-untary consensus standards, and they also ensure the International Space Station can remain a viable and pro-ductive facility through 2024. 
Mr. Chairman, that is what my 
amendment does. It doesn’t give the commercial space industry anything or everything that some in the industry might want. 
But I would remind colleagues that 
the Senate bill has been endorsed by the Commercial Spaceflight Federa-tion, the National Space Society, Stu-dents for Exploration and Development of Space, SpaceX, Blue Origin, and Vir-gin Galactic, among others. That is the Senate bill. That is the substitute that is being offered. So Members today can feel perfectly 
comfortable that my amendment is one that the commercial space industry be-lieves meets its legitimate needs. 
Mr. Chairman, as I said in the begin-
ning of my remarks, we have a clear choice today. We can maintain a coun-terproductive, partisan divide and hold out for provisions that won’t move this legislation even 1 inch closer to becom-ing law. 
Or we can step back, take a deep 
breath, and embrace the bipartisan compromise that our colleagues in the Senate have worked out. They have handed us a golden opportunity to move past partisan posturing and actu-ally deliver legislation that can meet the needs of the commercial space in-dustry and be enacted into law. 
Mr. Chairman, House Democrats sup-
port the provisions of my amendment. Democrats and Republicans in the Sen-ate support the provisions of my amendment. 
If my Republican colleagues here 
today in the House can join us in sup-porting this substitute amendment, the provisions in the amendment, we can pass bipartisan legislation that could be on its way to the President for en-actment in a matter of weeks. 
I can think of no better way to end 
this week, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This amendment seeks to strike and 
replace the entire underlying bill with Senate legislation which differs with the House bill in many respects. 
The Senate bill, S. 1297, is a work 
product of the Senate. It has not been negotiated with any Member of this Chamber. In fact, the Senate just marked up the bill yesterday. This amendment abdicates the House’s leg-islative responsibilities to the Senate. 
The SPACE Act paves the way for 
the next generation of explorers and innovators. This amendment prevents the House from providing any direction for the future of space exploration. 
We must consider what we will for-
feit if we accept this amendment. The amendment significantly shortens the extension of the regulatory learning period and the extension of the indem-nification regime. 
These changes reduce certainty in 
the commercial launch market and could threaten the jobs of thousands of Americans. These are hard-working men and women who depend on the ex-tension of these laws for their jobs. They count on us to provide some cer-tainty for their industry. 
This amendment strikes all of the 
commonsense transparency provisions in the SPACE Act and significantly shortens the extension of the learning 
period. This extension is essential to the health of the commercial space in-dustry. 
Also, this amendment includes a sig-
nificant reduction to the regulatory flexibility provided in the underlying bill. The underlying bill requires as-sessments from the FAA on the growth of the industry, constructive inter-actions between stakeholders and the FAA, a glide path to a safety frame-work that enables and encourages in-novations, and improvements in safety. 
These are all part of a development 
structure that combines lessons learned from the industry with the in-herent government function to protect the public. 
The underlying bill preserves FAA’s 
ability to regulate commercial human spaceflight in order to protect national security, public health, and safety. It also preserves FAA’s existing authori-ties to regulate spaceflight participant and crew safety. 
This amendment does not include 
any comparable benchmarking tools for Congress to monitor the growth of the industry. The amendment removes the ability of stakeholders to work with the FAA to develop safety stand-ards that will improve the industry as a whole. 
The amendment will have a chilling 
effect on the industry and put stake-holders on the defense against an on-slaught of government intervention and possible lawsuits. This does not support a dynamic space economy or encourage innovation. 
This amendment assumes that the 
commercial space industry has not placed a priority on safety. It is unfor-tunate that the minority looks at the American entrepreneurial spirit in this way. 
Under the Senate bill, spaceflight 
participants would be exposed to sig-nificant financial risk and liability. This amendment strikes the vital pro-visions of the underlying bill which help ensure that human spaceflight is available to anyone who wants to par-ticipate. 
The minority talks a lot about safe-
ty. I appreciate that. I think everyone involved in the space industry places a high priority on these endeavors being as safe as possible. I just wish the mi-nority had a higher opinion of the sci-entists, engineers, and technicians building these systems. 
Let’s be clear. Space is inherently 
risky. America’s memory is imprinted with tragic events such as the Apollo 1 fire, Challenger, and Columbia. The ap-propriate way to improve safety sys-tems and reduce risk is to test, launch, learn, study, and repeat. 
The entire space industry is behind 
this bill. 
I do not oppose the gentlewoman’s 
amendment simply because the Senate bill has no good qualities. I oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment because it would abdicate the responsibilities of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.035 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3532 May 21, 2015 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment and not turn their backs on so many space companies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chair, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), 
the ranking member. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman. 
I rise in strong support of Ms. 
E
DWARDS ’ amendment. This amend-
ment offers the possibility of actually accomplishing something worthwhile today and is an amendment that should garner bipartisan support. 
Just last week, the Science, Space, 
and Technology Committee reported out H.R. 2262 and H.R. 1508 on party- line votes. Of course, we had moved to markup without any hearings on com-mercial space issues in the 114th Con-gress, nor a legislative hearing on ei-ther bill, nor a subcommittee markup. It is, thus, not surprising that they could not garner any significant bipar-tisan support for these bills. 
And yet, now here we are on the 
floor, with these same bills. If we take the same path we took in yesterday’s consideration of the COMPETES legis-lation, we will get a similar result, a partisan vote, and a bill that will never become law. 
Ms. E
DWARDS offers us another way 
forward. Just yesterday, the Senate Commerce Committee favorably re-ported out S. 1297, the Senate’s bipar-tisan commercial space bill, a bill in-troduced by Senators T
EDCRUZ and 
BILLNELSON . 
b1200 
As I said, it is a bipartisan bill that 
was endorsed by a large segment of the commercial space industry when it was introduced. The gentlewoman from Maryland’s (Ms. E
DWARDS ) amendment 
simply incorporates provisions of S. 1297 into her amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, instead of engaging in 
a meaningful exercise, we could vote today to approve bipartisan legislation that Senate Democrats and Repub-licans are supporting. 
While the Senate bill is not the bill I 
would have written, it is a vast im-provement over the bill we have before us today. 
As the gentleman said earlier, Amer-
ica is exceptional. And that is why we have a Congress. That is why we have committee structure. That is why we have subcommittees that examine issues and listen to witnesses. That is why we have committee work. It pro-vides really a means for us to come to-gether. 
The bill that is in the Senate pro-
vides constructive updates to the Com-mercial Space Launch Act. 
I know that some Members want to 
go further than the Senate bill in some areas, but the reality is, there is no bi-
partisan consensus to doing so. And if we proceed to pass H.R. 2262, we will have passed a bill that the Senate prob-ably will not take up. We did that with the COMPETES bill yesterday. Do we really want to continue to waste our time in the same way again this morn-ing? 
Holding out hope that somehow these 
contentious provisions will find favor in a House-Senate conference is also an exercise in futility. Time is not on our side in dealing with the two expiring authorities in this bill, and we know from experience that Congress can act to extend them without passing a com-mercial space bill. 
I think that outcome would be unfor-
tunate, but I see little likelihood that the Senate will do anything with H.R. 2262 in its current form. And in a con-ference, I think that House Democrats will be disinclined to support provi-sions that we are opposing today. 
Ms. E
DWARDS ’ amendment offers us 
an opportunity to avoid months of pointless back-and-forth between the two Chambers. We can pass legislation that we already know has bipartisan support in the Senate, and if we do, we can look forward to seeing a bill head to the President’s desk within weeks. All it takes is my Republican col-leagues being willing to forgo the temptation to posture for that last extra bit of advantage and, instead, ac-cept a reasonable compromise bill that will do much to meet the legitimate needs of the commercial space launch industry. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), who is a 
member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and is also the chairman of the Environment Sub-committee. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I thank the 
chairman of the Science Committee for yielding and for his strong leadership on working this bill through regular order so that all of the amendments that we have made, all the Members have had their voices heard in this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose the 
amendment of the gentlewoman from Maryland. 
The language she is proposing to in-
sert into our House bill is authored by Senator C
RUZ of Texas, and it does 
have bipartisan support with Senator N
ELSON of Florida. But there are provi-
sions that we got included because of the open process that we went through that are not included in that bill. 
I would like to just run through a few 
of those that I, myself, got included into this bill, starting with section 110, which was an amendment I offered at markup that will require a GAO report to capture the role of space support ve-hicles—training vehicles, if you will— in the commercial space industry; reg-ulatory and statutory barriers to the services these vehicles offer and rec-ommendations for updates that will ad-dress these barriers. This is critically important in my neck of the woods. In 
the State of Oklahoma, we have a spaceport at Burns Flat. There are businesses there that are very inter-ested in doing training for commercial crew and commercial spaceflight par-ticipants. 
This was a provision of the bill that 
went through an open process. It was an amendment that was accepted in a very bipartisan way. And I am hopeful that when the full bill gets to the floor, it also will be accepted in a bipartisan way. 
Additionally, title III of this bill in-
corporates H.R. 2261, the Commercial Remote Sensing Act, which was also bipartisan legislation that I introduced with my friend from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ). This title sets metrics to 
give Congress a full picture of the workload facing the Department of Commerce when licensing remote sens-ing activities and what issues are pre-venting them from meeting statutory deadlines. 
Title III also recognizes the impor-
tance of seeking input from the Advi-sory Committee for Commercial Re-mote Sensing, which is largely made up of private sector representatives. This legislation will be crucial as industry expands beyond traditional remote sensing satellites and activities and as Congress looks to update the statutes governing these activities for the first time since the 1990s. 
My case for this being bipartisan is 
that I worked very hard with the other side on the amendments that I ulti-mately got into this bill. There were some amendments that maybe were not as bipartisan. But I would attest that there is support on the other side of the aisle for a lot of the provisions that we got into this bill. 
I look forward to taking a vote on 
this bill. I oppose the amendment in the nature of a substitute. I encourage all my colleagues to pass the bill that went through regular order in the House of Representatives. I hear a lot of people talking about regular order. This was a very open process. Every-body had their voice heard. I encourage passage of the bill but not passage of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, as I 
have said before, we have offered my amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute because we are interested not just in making speeches here on the House floor, but we are interested in passing law and good policy that will be signed by the President, that will set the commercial space industry onto a pathway of continued innovation and success. 
As has been described, the Senate 
yesterday, out of committee, marked up a bill that is bipartisan in nature. And because of the negotiations, there are not going to be any changes. 
We want to make law for the indus-
try, and we believe that this amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is good policy. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.036 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3533 May 21, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this sub-stitute amendment and to support the underlying bill, which has significant improvements to the Senate bill, and that is why we should pass it. 
I will now enter into the R
ECORD an 
exchange of letters between the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology regard-ing H.R. 2262. 
MAY18, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I write concerning 
H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 2262, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
MAY18, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure’s jurisdictional in-terest in H.R. 2262, the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepre-neurship Act of 2015.’’ 
I agree that the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdic-tional interests in matters pertaining to the Federal Aviation Administration and the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board, and that your Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 2262. As you 
have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or simi-lar legislation, if in your jurisdiction, should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 236, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 261] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—23 
Allen Bera Beyer Blackburn Brat Butterfield Capps Carter (GA) Chaffetz 
Clay Cleaver Conyers Crawford Davis, Danny Donovan Lewis Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Noem Rush Smith (WA) Tsongas 
b1233 
Messrs. GROTHMAN and TED LIEU 
of California changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. MASSIE, JONES, Ms. 
KUSTER, Messrs. DOGGETT and GENE GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 261, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, on Thursday, 
May 21, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 261. Had I been present, I would have 
voted ‘‘aye’’ on the Edwards Amendment to H.R. 2262, Spurring Private Aerospace Com-petitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. 
Stated against: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 261 I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.037 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3534 May 21, 2015 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 261 I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 261 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. B
LACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
STEWART , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro- growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encour-aging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 273, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adop-tion of House Resolution 274. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 284, nays 133, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 262] 
YEAS—284 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—133 
Adams Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bera Blackburn Capps Chaffetz Clay Cleaver 
Conyers Crawford Davis, Danny Donovan Nadler 
Napolitano Noem Smith (WA) Tsongas 
b1243 
Mr. MOULTON changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, on 
Thursday, May 21st, 2015, I was absent dur-ing rollcall vote No. 262. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on passage of H.R. 2262, Spurring Private Aerospace Competi-tiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND IN-CREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISH-ERIES MANAGEMENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 274) pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 174, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 263] 
YEAS—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.028 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3535 May 21, 2015 
Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bera 
Blackburn Capps Chaffetz Clay Cleaver Conyers Courtney 
Crawford Davis, Danny Donovan Duncan (TN) Hinojosa Kind Lowenthal 
Nadler Napolitano Noem Russell Smith (WA) Tsongas 
b1252 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, on 
Thursday, May 21st, 2015, I was absent dur-ing rollcall vote No. 263. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 274, Providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fish-ery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 20 and May 21, 2015 and would like the record to reflect that I would have voted as fol-lows: rollcall No. 250: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 251: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 252: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 253: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 254: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 255: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 256: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 257: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 258: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 259: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 260: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 261: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 262: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 263: ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably 
missed votes on May 20th and May 21st, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 258, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 259, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 260, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 261, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 262, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 263. REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1622 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that Representa-tive A
DAM SCHIFF be removed as a co-
sponsor of H.R. 1622. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ROUZER ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, May 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. SPEAKER : On May 20, 2015, pursu-
ant to sections 3307 and 3315(b) of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider two building project survey resolutions and one resolution that amends a resolution approved by the Com-mittee on February 12, 2015, and which was included in the General Services Administra-tion’s (GSA) Fiscal Year 2015 Capital Invest-ment and Leasing Program. 
The Committee continues to work to cut 
waste and the cost of federal property and leases. The two building project surveys es-tablish clear timetables on reviews GSA is currently undertaking to address space emergencies. The amended resolution incor-porates additional information provided to the Committee by GSA with respect to leased space that will ultimately be released and consolidated into government-owned space. 
I have enclosed copies of the resolutions 
adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on May 20, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
Enclosures. 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
BUILDING PROJECT SURVEY —UNITED STATES  
COURTHOUSE AND FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING , 
FORT LAUDERDALE , FLORIDA  
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that, pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 
§3315(b), the Administrator of General Serv-ices shall investigate the feasibility and need to construct or acquire a replacement facil-ity to house the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida and other Federal agencies, located in Ft. Lau-derdale, Florida. The analysis shall include a full and complete evaluation including, but not limited to:(i) the identification and cost of potential sites and (ii) 30–year present value evaluations of all options, including Federal construction, exchange, purchase (including lease with an option to purchase or purchase contract), and lease. The Admin-istrator shall submit a report to Congress within 120 days of the date of adoption of this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.030 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3536 May 21, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
BUILDING PROJECT SURVEY —U.S. DISTRICT  
COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLOR -
IDA, PENSACOLA , FLORIDA  
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to Title 40 U.S.C. 
§3315(b), the Administrator of General Serv-ices shall investigate and identify a long- term space solution for the courthouse lo-cated at 1 N. Palafox Street in Pensacola, Florida to address the space emergency of the U.S. District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida. The analysis shall include a full and complete evaluation including, but not limited to: (i) the identification and cost of potential options and (ii) 30 year present value evaluations of all options, including acceptance of the offer to donate the current building, repair and acquisition. The Admin-istrator shall submit a report to Congress within 120 days. 
A
MENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION , 85 
10TH AVENUE , NEW YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for lease ex-tensions of up to 168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion Joint Terrorism Task Force currently located at 85 10th Avenue in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of $14,616,000 for a lease term of up to 5 years, a prospectus, as amended by this resolution, for which is attached to and included in this 
resolution. This resolution amends amounts authorized in the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure resolution of Feb-ruary 12, 2015. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet 
or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3537 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/4 here EH21MY15.001smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
8510Tu AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY-02-NYIS 
Congressional District: 8 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes lease extensions of up to five years for 
168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism 
Task Force (FBI) currently located at 85 1 01h A venue in New York, NY. FBI has occupied space 
in the building since 2005 under two leases that will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. The 
long-term plan is to relocate FBI from 85 Tenth Avenue to government .. owned space; a lease 
extension is needed as space is vacated and readied at the Govemment·owned location. GSA wiH 
attempt to secure flexibility and the right to terminate the entire lease periodically within the five 
year term. 
Extension of the current leases will enable FBl to provide continued housing for its personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its cummt office utilization rate 
of 148 USF per person and its overall utilization rate of 218 USF per person. 
Description 
Occupants: 
Lease Type: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feel/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feel/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Date of Current Leases: 
Proposed Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Federal Bureau oflnvestigation 
Lease Extension 
168,000 
168,000 
0 
218 
218 
5 
lll7/ 2015 and 6/5/2015 
85 Tenth Avenue New York, NY 
0 
Operating Lease 
$68.00 per RSF 
$ 11,424,000 
$ 7,589,152 (leases effective 1118/2005 and 
6/06/2005) 
1This estimate is for fiscal year20l5 und may be escaluted by !.9 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed rental rotc is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by !he 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease 
extension to ensure that loose award is made in the best interest of the government. Loose award shall not exceed tho maximum 
rental rote as specified in this prospectus. 
2 Any new fe.ase may contain an annual escahition clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and operating 
costs. 
Page i 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3538 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/5 here EH21MY15.002smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
85 lOTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY .. Q2-NY15 
Congressional District: 8 
The leases at 85 10111 Avenue will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. FBI requires continued 
housing at this location to carry out its mission until it can relocate its personnel and operations 
to government-owned space. A five-year lease extension is needed to protect occupancy until 
such time as space is vacated and readied for FBI at a government-owned facility. 
Resolutions of Approval .. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee . on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the extension. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ___ s_ep_t_e_m_b_er_2_9_,_z __ o_I_4 __________ _ 
. /--·-,1 
l t!( J 
!''~(\ . / / 
/" / .. tl··· 
/ lj y 
/ } ! 7 
Recommended: _______ .::..fl_·. __ ·· --:-:----:~--:--~----------
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
.... ,) <;;\~·__..··········) i / 
l ',·.,., -If 
Approved: _________ ~.r;;,_/;_?,_ •. "_/_1 
---'t"-1-·_v.,....' 1
_·· -....,.--~--.,----------
Administrator, General Services Administration 
Page2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3539 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/6 here EH21MY15.003smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril 2014 Loations Per.sonnel 
Office 
85 10th Avenue. New York:. NY 
Proposed Lease 
Total Rate 
UR "'average amount of office: space: per pason 
Current UR excludes 12,612 usf of office support spare 
Proposed UR excludes 22,612 usf of office support space 542 542 Total 542 542 
I ~IJR' I 
I Rlite I cmt I Piftri 
RIU Factor• 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
CURRENT Usable Square Fe¢\ ( USF) Personnel 
Office Storage SpeciAl Total Office 
}()2,782 6.000 9.391 118,173 542 
102,782 6,000 9.391 118.173 542 
11JSF means the portion of the building available for US!! by a tenant's pcr.;onncl and fumishing:; and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
4Calculatioo excludes Judiciary, Congress and ~gencies wilh less than I 0 people 
~USF/Pcrson ~housing plan total USF divi<kd by total p<:r.;onncl. 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divi<kd by total USF Total 542 541 PROPOSED PNY-02-NYlS New York, NY 
Usable Square Feet (US F) 
Offiee StOt>ll!C Special Toi:U 
102,782 6,000 9.391 118.173 
102,782 6.000 9.391 11~173 
Sptti:al Sp:~cc USF 
ADP 1,9.77 
B=kRoom 731 
Confrn:not:!Trainin~< 2,367 
Hc:alth 488 
Mug :md Fingerprint 244 
!'hysical Fitness 2,560 
MailRoom 36< 
llltcrview rooms ill. 
Restroom 4o 
TotAl 9,391 
-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3540 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/7 here EH21MY15.004smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEilli!l1'3-IFIJJtr.r 
QllJni.rnmu (!tttUtt11ifttt .UU QJrctllSpltrtUtfllll tutb JJufttt.lltrttdtu:c 
1ft:§. l1ntu;~ nf J!teprtnentuUuen 
tiltmlQittgton. DQI ~!1515 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION 
LEASE 
FE])EUAL BUltEAU OF INVESTIGATION 
85 lOTH A VENUE, NEW YORK, NY 
J>NY-02~NY15 ~lc!cr A.lJeYn~iu 
iRzmllin~1 £Hemuer 
Resolved by the Committee on Transporlatfou and hifrastructure of the U.S. House ojRepresenlafil'es, that 
pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §33 07, appropriations are authorized for lease extensions ofup to 168,000 rentable square 
feet of space fol' the Federal Bureau of Jnvestigution Joint Terrorism Task Force currently located at 85 10'11 
A venue in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of$13, 776,000 for a lease term of up to 5 years, 
a prospectus, as amended by this resolntion, for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approvnl ofthis prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for fill tenants, if necessary, prior to 
the execution of the new lease. 
Provided that, !he Administrator ofGeneru! Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate 
of 218 square feet or less per person, 
Provided that, except for interim leases us described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that 
are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting :my of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in 
the prospectus that would result in an overall \ltilization rate of218 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent pmcticablc, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a 
purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease, 
Provided further, til at the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the 
delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, iftheAdministrlltor determines that the delineated nrea of 
the pmcurement should not be identict~l to the delineated area iuclnded in the prospectus, the Administrntm· shllll 
provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructur<J of the House of 
Representatives prior to exercising any lease nuthority provided in this resolution. 
Providedjurther, that the General Services Administmtion shall not delegate to any other agency the authority 
grante{l by this resolution. 
Adopted: Febt'tuH)' 121 2015 ~~ 
Bill Shuster, M.C, 
Chairman 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3541 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/8 here EH21MY15.005smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
85 lOTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY~02-NYJ 5 
Congressional District: 8 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes lease extensions of up to five years for 
J 68s000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism 
Task Force (FBI) currently located at 85 10111 A venue in New York, NY. FBI has occupied space 
in the building since 2005 under two leases that will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. The 
long-term plan is to relocate FBI from 85 Tenth Avenue to governmentMowned space; a lease 
extension is needed as space is vacated and readied at the Government-owned location. GSA will 
attempt to secure flexibility and the right to terminate the entire lease periodically within the five 
year term. 
Extension of the current leases will e.nable FBI to provide continued housing for its personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its current office utilization rate 
of 148 USF per person and its overall utilization rate of 218 USF per person. 
Description 
Occupants: 
Lease Type: 
Cun·ent Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term; 
Expiration Date of Current Leases: 
Proposed Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cose: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Lease Extension 
168,000 
168,000 
0 
218 
218 
5 
1117/2015 and 6/5/2015 
85 Tenth A venue New York~ NY 
0 
Operating Lease 
$ 68.00 per RSF 
$11A24,000 
$ 7,589,152 (leases effective 1/18/2005 and 
6/06/2005) 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 1.9 percent anmmlly to t!w effective dat.e of!lle lease to account for 
inflnlion. The proposed rental nl!c is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or dircetly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prev&illng market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating !his lease 
extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the govemmcnt. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
rental rattHI.'! specified in this prospectus. 
2 Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes ami operating 
costs. 
Page 1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3542 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/9 here EH21MY15.006smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
85 10TH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY -02-NY15 
Congressional District: 8 
The leases at 85 101h Avenue will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. FBI requires continued 
housing at this location to carry out its mission until it can relocate its personnel and operations 
to government-owned space. A five-year lease extension is needed to protect occupancy until 
such time as space is vacated and readied for FBI at a government-owned facility. 
Resolutions of Appt·oval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the extension. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ___ s_ep_t_e_m_b_er_.._2_9_,_z.o._l_4 __________ _ 
l (---'') 
~r I ; .. / \ ~( 
! / ~ \.,fi' 
Recommended: _______ ..::i._I __ ·_/--:--:-:------:-:-:-:---=----=-~---------
Commissionert Public Buildings Service 
,,;,~----~· '"') "::..\. _,/-·""''") !. l 
·,4 I'\::·, 11! / '-/ '/vl,• f .... ' I .. 
Approved:--------:--:-""'=-<,_·"_-_/ ----.-'~.!...., -:----:---:--:---:--:--------_,_.~ 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
Page2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3543 May 21, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1
Insert offset folio 306/10 here EH21MY15.007smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril 2014 L<>..,tions Personnel 
Office Total 
85 lOth Avenue, New York. NY 
Proposed Lease 
Total ----~----~-~-
Rate 
UR "l>v=gc amount of office: space per ~n 
Currenl UR excludes 22,612 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 21,612 usfQfofficc suppo:tspacc 542 542 
542 ~--542 
l--Rate o;-tnll UR; I ~s118n I ~1W ., 
RIU Factor• 
NOTES; Housing Plan 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
CURRENT Usable Square F<:<:t (USF) Personnel 
Offiee Stonll(e gp,e;:illl Tow Office 
102,782 6,000 9,391 11&.173 542 
_ __1()_2,782 -6,000 9.391 118.173 542 
1USF means the portion of the "building a¥ailable for usc by a tenant's pcn;onncl and furnishings and space avail:;blc jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2CaJculatioc a eludes Judiciary, C ocgress and ;agencies with less than I 0 people 
'USF/Pasoo ~housing plac tot.al USF divided by total porsonnd. 
•RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Tow 542 542 PROPOSED PNY-02-NYIS New York, NY 
Usable Square Feet (US F) 
Office Stor.al!t SDedal Tow 
102,782 6.000 9,391 118.173 
1{)2,782 6.000 9.391 118,173 
S1>eci:al Space USF 
ADP 1,977 
Break Room 731 
Conf<:n:ne<:ff raining 2,367 
Health 488 
Mug :md Fingcrpri.n1 244 
Physical Fitness 2,560 
MailRoom 36(' 
llnto:view rooms SJ_ 
Restroom 4t 
TOOII 9,391 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3544 May 21, 2015 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING BRAVE SOUTHERN ARI-
ZONANS WHO MADE THE ULTI-MATE SACRIFICE IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY 
(Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the men and women from southern Arizona who have given their lives in service to our country. 
Countless southern Arizonans have 
bravely raised their right hands and volunteered to make the defense of our Nation their responsibility. Some have made the ultimate sacrifice. 
Their stories of bravery and selfless-
ness are remembered every day by those who knew and loved them—sto-ries like that of U.S. Army Command Master Sergeant Martin R. Barreras, who graduated from Sunnyside High School and was killed in Afghanistan in 2014; or of U.S. Army Specialist Christian M. Adams, a native of Sierra Vista, who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010; or of U.S. Air Force Senior Air-man Benjamin D. White, who was based at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base and was killed when his helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan in 2010. 
These are just some of the many sto-
ries of brave southern Arizonans who fought and died to preserve our way of life. Their sacrifices remind us this weekend and every day that freedom is never free. 
Have a meaningful Memorial Day. 
f 
BRAIN TUMOR AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of Brain Tumor Awareness Month. 
Every single year, nearly 70,000 peo-
ple in our country will be diagnosed with a brain tumor. Tragically, over 4,000 of them will be children. By the end of this year, roughly 14,000 Ameri-cans will lose their lives due to a brain tumor. 
Like many others across this coun-
try, my family has also been touched by this painful disease, but for patients and their loved ones, hope persists, whether through increased funding for NIH research, which just passed the Energy and Commerce Committee this morning, or through the tireless efforts of nonprofit organizations like the Na-tional Brain Tumor Society. 
We should not and cannot accept the 
notion that a brain tumor is untreat-able any longer. This month and every month, we must support the efforts of our scientists, doctors, and advocates as they search for new treatment op-tions to develop new cures. HONORING OUR MEN AND WOMEN 
OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ME-MORIAL DAY 
(Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to reflect on what Me-morial Day means to our country and to honor our men and women of the Armed Forces. 
Our Nation has always stood strong 
on its founding principle of freedom, but it has taken wars and generations of brave, selfless individuals to pre-serve and defend it. 
For their service, we are eternally 
grateful. We are especially mindful of those who have made the ultimate sac-rifice for our country and of the fact that freedom is not free. Their valiant acts in the line of duty have kept our families safe, both at home and abroad, and there are no words for the grati-tude we hold in our hearts today and always. 
As we spend time this weekend with 
our loved ones on this great American holiday, please keep our active and fallen servicemen and -women in your thoughts and prayers, and we pray for those currently serving that they re-turn home safely. 
Happy Memorial Day, and God bless 
the United States of America. 
f 
b1300 
CONGRATULATIONS TO FORT 
WORTH INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT’S HUSBAND AND WIFE TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Mario Pureco- Razo and Maria Ceron-Ponce, the first husband and wife to have ever been named as teachers of the year at their respective schools. Mario and Maria immigrated to the United States from Mexico to become bilingual educators. 
Maria, who teaches dual language for 
third grade at Glen Park Elementary School, and Mario, who teaches dual language pre-K at Mitchell Boulevard Elementary School, one of the many elementary schools I attended in Fort Worth ISD, have both proudly served the district for 7 years. 
While each present a different style 
of teaching in the classroom, both ex-emplify the dedication and passion needed to shape the minds and lives of our youngest members of society. 
Although we should recognize the 
hard work of all the teachers that per-form on behalf of their students each and every day, today I want to recog-nize Maria and Mario’s unique achieve-ment. 
It brings me great pride to represent 
the teachers of Texas’ 33rd Congres-sional District, and I wish Mario and Maria continued success. 
Congratulations on this outstanding 
achievement. NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize May as Na-tional Foster Care Month. 
Before I came to Congress, I was the 
CEO of a home for abused, neglected, and abandoned children called HomeSafe. In addition to providing a caring home for children in need, our staff and volunteers helped connect them with foster families, whom we also helped certify. 
I saw firsthand the struggles that 
children face when they don’t have a safe and permanent home. I saw what a remarkable difference it could make when they found a stable and loving family, and I saw the incredible joy that these children brought to the lives of their foster families, our staff and volunteers, and everyone who worked to support them. 
All children deserve a safe, loving, 
and permanent home. We must con-tinue to work together to make that goal a reality for the 400,000 children in our foster care system. 
f 
ON-THE-JOB TRAINING TAX 
CREDIT OF 2015 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, since 
taking office, my top priority has been to support policies that improve our economy and strengthen the Inland Empire’s middle class. 
Last month I released my jobs plan, 
summarizing what I have heard from small-business owners, job seekers, and community leaders throughout San Bernardino County. Among the many issues people face is the skills gap, the disconnect that exists between poten-tial employees and the available job market demands of those who possess specific or technical skills. That was one of the biggest problems that I heard. 
That is why yesterday I introduced 
the On-the-Job Training Tax Credit of 2015, a bill that creates a temporary tax credit for employers to use to help pay for the costs of training new hires. This will enable local owners to expand their businesses and empower employ-ees with critical skills to help them succeed in the 21st century economy. 
Through apprenticeship programs, 
vocational schools, community col-leges, and more, job seekers who have been locked out of today’s economy will be retrained and brought back into the fold in the Inland Empire’s econ-omy. 
Studies tell us that approximately 
3
1⁄2million manufacturing jobs will be 
open over the next 10 years, but we will only be able to fill 2 million of them due to the skills gap. It is time to re-train our workforce and build up the middle class. This bill will help us do just that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.046 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3545 May 21, 2015 
CONGRESS MUST ADDRESS SEC-
TION 702 OF THE FISA AMEND-MENTS ACT 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
PATRIOT Act was designed to protect us from terrorists abroad. Now we have learned that section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act has been abused by the NSA, and it is spying on Americans, taking metadata. 
But there is more. There is another 
law. The FISA Amendments Act of 2008, section 702, allows the seizure, without a warrant, of the content of emails, text messages, and phone calls by our government. Congress must ad-dress this, as it has addressed section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. It also allows, under 702, the backdoor search; in other words, NSA can go into Google and seize information about Americans without a warrant. 
NSA cannot be trusted to protect and 
follow America’s laws that protect our privacy. This Soviet-style surveillance on Americans has got to stop. The right of privacy is sacred. 
I have introduced, along with Z
OE 
LOFGREN , a bipartisan bill to eliminate 
section 702 so that Americans are pro-tected. We cannot allow the bruising of the Fourth Amendment by the snoop-ing NSA under the false claim of na-tional security. If you have probable cause to seize that information, get a warrant under the Constitution of the United States. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to commemorate the 50th anni-versary of the Head Start program, which has served more than 30 million American children. 
As a former Head Start teacher, I 
know firsthand what access to edu-cation and a hearty breakfast can do for a child. Head Start has introduced millions of children to learning; and, as a result, many of them have gone on to earn college degrees and become teach-ers, lawyers, doctors, and even elected officials. 
Mr. Speaker, without Head Start, 
many children from low-income fami-lies would not receive the nutritional and educational services that are so important to early childhood develop-ment. 
I stand with my colleagues in the 
House and on the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce calling for continued funding for this vital pro-gram, which has been crucial in im-proving the lives of countless deserving children across the country. RECOGNIZING PHILIP KIRKWOOD 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a real American hero who risked his life to preserve the freedoms we all enjoy today. Yesterday, Navy Ace Commander Philip Kirkwood of Seminole, Florida, accepted the Con-gressional Gold Medal presented to our American Fighter Aces. 
Born in New Jersey, Mr. Kirkwood 
enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1942. Earn-ing his Navy wings a year later, Mr. Kirkwood joined the VF–10 flying Hell-cats off of the USS Enterprise . Mr. 
Kirkwood recorded his first air victory over the Caroline Islands in 1944, but it would be far from his last. Over his dis-tinguished career, Commander Kirk-wood recorded 12 confirmed victories and 1 probable. 
One of fewer than 80 living fighter 
aces, Commander Kirkwood is deco-rated with the Navy Cross, the Distin-guished Flying Cross, and the Air Medal with five Gold Stars. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
thanking Commander Kirkwood for his years of service and his bravery. 
May God bless Philip Kirkwood, and 
may God bless each of our American Fighter Aces. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF 
BISHOP CURTIS MONTGOMERY 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the life and service of Bishop Curtis Montgomery of Ta-coma, Washington. 
He was a key leader who shepherded 
Tacoma’s Hilltop neighborhood through civil rights struggles and trou-bled times. His steadfast leadership and staunch belief in the power of commu-nity involvement will be remembered in the revitalization of this historically significant neighborhood. 
His contributions to the Hilltop in-
clude the establishment of Christ Tem-ple Church, which later became Great-er Christ Temple Church, and the Oasis of Hope Center, a faith-based commu-nity outreach center that was the cul-mination of Bishop Montgomery’s longstanding vision to provide a safe and stable place for the community. 
Scripture tells us that God loves a 
cheerful giver, and it is safe to say that God loves Curtis Montgomery and his parishioners, who have given so much to so many. 
On behalf of his congregation and the 
people of the Hilltop neighborhood in Tacoma, Washington, I honor the life-time achievements of Bishop Curtis Montgomery of Greater Christ Temple Church in the Congress of the United States. HONORING OUR VETERANS 
(Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, the way that we show grati-tude to those who have served in our military, the men and women, is to honor them, and we will join as a coun-try doing so on Memorial Day. 
But we also can show our gratitude 
by making sure that they get the care that they need. It has been over a year since the long waiting lists at the VA were exposed in alarming numbers all across the country. We have learned just this week that at least $6 billion in taxpayers’ money has been lost in ille-gal contracts at the VA and of VA em-ployees improperly receiving gifts, in-cluding room upgrades, meals, lim-ousine services, golf, spa, helicopter rides, tickets for the Rockets. 
This week the House passed six bills 
that give American veterans the sup-port they need, and demands account-ability at the VA. We must get an-swers, and I am committed to being a part of the solution. 
Next week, I will visit the Spokane 
Veterans Hospital and recognize those who do work hard to serve our vet-erans. Every day we are working to support veterans in eastern Wash-ington. This week my team attended the VA2K relay for homeless veterans with military and community and VA staff. We are going to continue to work with county leaders to address the needs of our veterans throughout east-ern Washington. 
May God bless all those who have 
served. 
f 
FIRST COUNTY OF VETERANS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on Friday, May 29, I will have the privilege of attending a cere-mony and play in Warren County, Pennsylvania, titled, ‘‘Beyond Glory,’’ which will highlight the stories of eight Medal of Honor recipients in the wars of the 20th century. 
The theme of the evening is First 
County of Veterans, recognizing the fact that Warren County, Pennsyl-vania, has the largest veteran popu-lation per capita of any county in Pennsylvania. I am looking forward to celebrating this special evening with local veterans who have sacrificed so much. 
Mr. Speaker, Memorial Day is right 
around the corner, and as the proud fa-ther of an Army soldier and a daugh-ter-in-law who is now a veteran, it is my privilege to serve our Nation’s vet-erans and my honor to recognize those who have lost their lives in service to our country. 
Memorial Day for many Americans 
has become the holiday that marks the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.048 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3546 May 21, 2015 
start of the summer season, but for the 
men and women who have served in our Armed Forces, and in doing so gave their lives, we owe them our remem-brance and demonstrated appreciation. 
It is my sincere hope that you will 
pause this Memorial Day in remem-brance of our fallen soldiers, whose courage and bravery sustain our lib-erty. 
f 
HONORING JASON KORTZ 
(Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, Memo-
rial Day is a day to honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in de-fense of our Nation. I can think of no better time to remember one of those brave, young men who made the ulti-mate sacrifice as he trained to protect the values that we as a nation hold so dear. 
An elite member of the Naval Special 
Warfare Group 1, Special Warfare Oper-ator 3rd Class Jason Kortz distin-guished himself consistently through-out his life and during his short mili-tary career. 
Hailing from Highlands Ranch, Colo-
rado, he graduated from the University of Denver. Most recently, Jason set himself apart when he was selected as the honor man of his basic underwater demolition SEAL class. 
Tragically, this true patriot and con-
summate professional gave his life in defense of our Nation when he died dur-ing a training accident on March 18, 2015. 
On this Memorial Day, please join me 
and the family of Jason Kortz to pause and reflect on the ultimate sacrifices that warriors like Jason have made to uphold all that we value as a nation. 
f 
b1315 
ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. ENGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, May is 
Asthma Awareness Month. As co-chair of the Congressional Asthma and Al-lergy Caucus and a senior member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce’s Health Subcommittee, I want to take this opportunity to bring attention to the prevalence of asthma in the United States, as well as what must be done to control its growth. 
Asthma is one of the most serious 
chronic diseases in the country. It af-fects almost 26 million Americans and nearly 7 million children. It can cause shortness of breath, coughing, wheez-ing, chest pain, and even death. 
In my home State of New York, asth-
ma takes a particularly heavy toll, es-pecially in my home county of the Bronx. About 390,000 children and 1.4 million adults in New York have asth-ma. The total cost of asthma-related 
hospitalizations in New York in 2007 was a staggering $535 million. 
I have been a strong supporter of the 
Centers for Disease Control’s National Asthma Control Program, which helps States implement systems to monitor and treat asthma. This program’s work has resulted in $23.1 billion in asthma healthcare costs since 2001. 
We must continue to increase aware-
ness and preventative measures to help people manage their disease. We must 
work collaboratively across sectors to address the burden that asthma cre-ates. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with my colleagues in a bipartisan fashion to ensure that adults and chil-dren across the United States can live healthier and more successful lives and that we can conquer the scourge of asthma. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL R. 
MARTIN UMBARGER 
(Mr. ROKITA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a distinguished Hoosier and American, Major General R. Mar-tin Umbarger, the Adjutant General of Indiana, who is retiring after 11 years as the leader of the Indiana Guard Re-serve and the Indiana Army and Air National Guard. 
Major General Umbarger’s distin-
guished career in the military spans five decades and began when he en-listed as a soldier in the Indiana Army National Guard in 1969. 
As secretary of state, I had the privi-
lege of working with Major General Umbarger to protect Hoosiers serving in the military, both out of State and overseas, by promoting and improving absentee voting processes. 
As Indiana’s Fourth District Rep-
resentative, I have also worked with Major General Umbarger on legislation which would study the structure of our military and how Reserve components can be best utilized. 
In short, Major General Umbarger is 
one of the most accomplished adjutant generals in the country and a valuable leader in Indiana and the USA. He has led our National Guard and served our State and Nation with integrity and distinction over his 45-year military career. 
I would like to thank Major General 
Umbarger for his selfless service and wish him well in his retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE GALUSKI 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the life of Joe Galuski, a beloved central New York broadcaster who spent more than 25 years on air on WSYR radio. Known for his ability to discuss with 
knowledge any topic presented to him, Joe faithfully kept our community up-dated on the latest local stories and provided us with news from around the Nation. 
A legend in central New York radio, 
Joe Galuski is fondly recognized by the thousands of listeners who tuned in re-ligiously on morning commutes and to hear him on SU football’s pre- and postgame talk shows. 
Joe was more than a radio host; he 
had the power to communicate and en-tertain and became a large part of the lives of many of his listeners. He was a gracious and tough interviewer who was quick with a joke. His personality, sense of humor, and intelligence could always be heard in his voice. 
Joe Galuski was loved by central 
New York, a community he cared deep-ly about. His spirit as the voice of our community will not be forgotten by his family, friends, colleagues, and lis-teners. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM THOMAS 
KIRCHHOFF, JR. 
(Mr. PERRY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
pay homage to the legacy of a man who not only resided in Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, but much more importantly, a man who served the Commonwealth and our Na-tion with pride, as an exemplary busi-nessman, phenomenal athlete, and true patriot. 
William Thomas Kirchhoff, Jr., was a 
standout quarterback for Lafayette College, eventually being inducted into their hall of fame. After college, Tom continued on to the NFL, being signed by the Philadelphia Eagles. 
While he is known in Pennsylvania as 
a great athlete, Tom is know by his family and community as a great man. His fierce quest to live a full life and raise a happy family, despite his strug-gle with ALS, is beyond inspirational. In fact, his attitude and drive should inspire every citizen to live fully, com-pletely, and with a purpose, despite the challenges that may confront them. 
Tom physically may have left us on 
March 10, 2015, but his soul, spirit, and 
legacy will endure. To his devoted wife, Staci, and their four children—Tommy, Sam, Brynley, and Ty—on behalf of the Commonwealth and the Nation, thank you. Thank you for sharing Tom’s all too short but extremely meaningful life with us. 
I am truly honored and humbled to 
be even a small part of the recognition of a truly great American. 
Tom, we wish you Godspeed. 
f 
CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION 
AND CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.049 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3547 May 21, 2015 
the bill (H.R. 2496) to extend the au-
thorization for the replacement of the existing Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Center in Denver, Colo-rado, to make certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN )? 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Reserving the 
right to object, I do not object, but I do want to thank my colleague from Colo-rado concerning what will be a short time to continue negotiations to finish our hospital in the Denver area. 
As we come into this Memorial Day 
weekend, veterans in the Rocky Moun-tain West have waited 15 years for this hospital to be built. Substantial con-struction has taken place. Any further delay just delays delivering good serv-ices—great services—to our veterans. 
We need to continue to move this 
along. The fact that we are moving be-yond Memorial Day, keeping this project going forward, without mothballing it, is a step in the right di-rection; but, Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority and the Republican leadership to work with the VA to get this fin-ished, so that we can provide the best medical care possible, similar to what Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS was talking 
about at her hospital in Washington. We want that same thing in Denver, Colorado. 
We need to finish this hospital as 
soon as possible. 
I withdraw my reservation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman withdraws his reservation. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest of the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN )? 
There was no objection. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2496 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Construc-
tion Authorization and Choice Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR 
MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY CON-STRUCTION PROJECT PREVIOUSLY AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the replacement of the existing Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, in fiscal year 2015, in an amount not to exceed $900,000,000. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS .— 
Notwithstanding section 8104(c) of title 38, United States Code, or any other provision of law, funds may not be obligated or expended for the project described in subsection (a) in an amount that would cause the total amount obligated for that project to exceed the amount specified in the law for that project (or would add to total obligations ex-ceeding such specified amount). SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION OF DISTANCE REQUIRE-
MENT FOR EXPANDED AVAILABILITY OF HOSPITAL CARE AND MEDICAL SERVICES FOR VETERANS THROUGH THE USE OF AGREEMENTS WITH NON-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(b)(2) of the 
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘(as 
calculated based on distance traveled)’’ after ‘‘40 miles’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking sub-
clause (II), and inserting the following new subclause (II): 
‘‘(II) faces an unusual or excessive burden 
in traveling to such a medical facility of the Department based on— 
‘‘(aa) geographical challenges; ‘‘(bb) environmental factors, such as roads 
that are not accessible to the general public, traffic, or hazardous weather; 
‘‘(cc) a medical condition that impacts the 
ability to travel; or 
‘‘(dd) other factors, as determined by the 
Secretary.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to care or services pro-vided on or after such date. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, was read the 
third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
f 
BENGHAZI ATTACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, 
nearly 3 years, on September 11 and 12, 2012, the United States facilities in Benghazi, Libya, were the target of ter-rorist attacks. These attacks resulted in the deaths of four Americans: Sean Smith; Tyrone Woods; Glen Doherty; and the U.S. Ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens, as well as two other Americans critically injured. 
It comes at a time close to Memorial 
Day, when this country can honor these individuals that gave their life and their service not just for this coun-try, but for the freedom and democracy around the world of others. 
The gravity of the attacks raise seri-
ous questions regarding the U.S. pres-ence in Benghazi, Libya, particularly as those questions related to the poli-cies, decisions, and activities of the ad-ministration and relevant executive branch agencies before, during, and after the attacks. 
For nearly 2 years, Congress sought 
answers to these questions. However, the administration’s valid response has 
exposed the limits encountered by our standing committees. 
b1330 
These responses revealed a less than 
competent or transparent accounting about the attacks. Consequently, the House created, with the support of our Democratic colleagues, the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attacks in Benghazi, Libya. 
Everywhere I go, Mr. Speaker, I have 
people ask me: What is taking so long? What is taking so long for us to get the facts about what happened in Benghazi? 
We are going to do our best today to 
explain to the American people and to the public and to you, Mr. Speaker, why it has taken so long, why it is re-quiring us to continue to subpoena and beg and plead for the information that we need to be able to deliver this re-port to this body and to the American people. 
The Speaker appointed me and six of 
my Republican colleagues to this com-mittee. The minority leader appointed five of our Democratic colleagues. We have been directed by the House to conduct a complete investigation across the spectrum of all, A-L-L, all relevant executive branch agencies and issue a definitive final report on the events surrounding the September 11– 12, 2012, terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya. 
Specifically, we are directed to inves-
tigate and report on: all policies, deci-sions, and activities that contributed to the attacks on United States facili-ties in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 and 12, 2012, as well as those that af-fected the ability of the United States to prepare for those attacks; number two, all policies, decisions, and activi-ties to respond to and repel the attacks on United States facilities in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 and 12, 2012, in-cluding efforts to rescue United States personnel; number three, internal and public executive branch communica-tions about the attacks on the United States facility in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 and 12, 2012; number four, accountability for policies and deci-sions relating to the security of facili-ties in Benghazi, Libya, and the re-sponse to the attacks, including indi-viduals and entities responsible for those policies and decisions; number five, executive branch authorities’ ef-forts to identify and bring to justice the perpetrators of these attacks on the U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, September 11 and 12, 2012; number six, executive branch activities and efforts to comply with congressional inquiries into the attacks on the United States facilities in Benghazi, Libya, on Sep-tember 11 and 12, 2012; recommenda-tions for improving executive branch cooperation and compliance with con-gressional oversight investigations; in-formation related to lessons learned from the attacks and executive branch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.051 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3548 May 21, 2015 
activities and efforts to protect United 
States facilities and personnel abroad; and any other relevant issues relating to the attacks, the response to the at-tacks, or the investigation by the House of Representatives into the at-tacks. 
I think that number nine is a par-
ticularly relevant point. It says ‘‘all other relevant issues.’’ That is one of the questions that we have been receiv-ing: Are we stepping out of bounds on what this committee was supposed to do? The answer is absolutely not. 
Using these instructions as a guide, 
the committee requested and reviewed a substantial volume of information that was previously produced to the House, and new information never be-fore produced to Congress. 
The committee has reviewed more 
than 20,000 pages of emails and docu-ments produced by the State Depart-ment never before released to Congress. This new material includes emails that were sent to or received by the former Secretary of State relevant to Benghazi, as well as documents and emails that were part of the State De-partment’s Accountability Review Board proceedings. 
In addition, hundreds of pages of 
emails never before seen by Congress have been produced by the White House. The Department of Justice and the intelligence community have also produced documents never before seen by Congress. 
Further, the committee has inter-
viewed executive branch personnel, in-cluding survivors of the Benghazi ter-ror attacks, none of whom have ever been interviewed by previous commit-tees. The committee has also inter-viewed others who have been able to provide indispensable firsthand details of the U.S. presence in Benghazi, Libya. 
We know that this is not a complete 
universe of information held by the ex-ecutive branch. Our investigation has uncovered new witnesses, new docu-ments, and new facts related to the Benghazi terror attacks. 
Ironically, the largest impediment to 
getting this investigation done in a timely manner and being able to write a final, definitive accounting of what happened before, during, and after the terrorist attacks in Benghazi is the ex-ecutive branch itself. 
The committee has issued letters, 
subpoenas, has threatened to hold and has held public compliance hearings, with slow to little to no action at all. 
Take the State Department, for ex-
ample—the State Department is a nec-essary focus of this investigation; yet their compliance posture with the com-mittee and Congress has proved unpre-dictable at best. 
When this committee was formed 1 
year ago, the State Department had yet to fully comply with two out-standing subpoenas issued in 2013 by another committee. One subpoena dealt specifically with documents per-taining to the State Department’s Ac-countability Review Board, known as 
the ARB. 
The other subpoena dealt with docu-
ments that had previously undergone limited congressional review, where Members’ access to the documents and information was restricted to certain dates and times set by the State De-partment. These subpoenas were still legally binding on the State Depart-ment when this committee was cre-ated; yet the Department had not ful-filled them. 
In an effort to expedite the Depart-
ment’s fulfillment of these subpoenas, the select committee prioritized the Department’s production of documents under these two subpoenas, as opposed to issuing new requests. 
In addition, by directing the Depart-
ment to identify documents under these existing subpoenas, the com-mittee was better positioned to receive new documents in a more expeditious manner while, at the same time, judi-ciously reviewing the work of past committees. 
These negotiations resulted in the 
State Department providing 15,000 pages of new documents to the com-mittee in August and September of last year. This production also fulfilled the Department’s obligation for one of the two subpoenas. 
The review of these documents was 
enlightening, both in what it disclosed and what it did not. Here is what it did disclose. For the first time, the Depart-ment produced eight emails, eight to or from former Secretary Clinton. 
Additionally, the committee became 
aware that former Secretary Clinton had used a private email account to conduct official State Department business. Importantly, the committee did not release the existence of the pri-vate email account because of its com-mitment to investigate all the facts in a fair and impartial manner. 
Here is what it didn’t disclose. From 
the review of the 15,000 pages, however, the committee recognized that there were significant omissions in the docu-ments. Notably, there were very few emails between and among former Sec-retary Clinton’s senior staff and the Secretary. 
As a result, last November, the com-
mittee requested the State Department produce specific documents and emails related to Benghazi and Libya for the Secretary and 10 of her senior staff. In the 2 months following the commit-tee’s request, committee staff consist-ently relayed to the Department that its new top priority was all of Sec-retary Clinton’s emails. 
Almost 3 months later, on February 
13, 2015, the Department produced ap-proximately 300 emails to and from the former Secretary during her time as the head of the State Department. Re-member, these are emails of which the State Department never possessed and didn’t have to look for; yet it took that length of time. 
They didn’t produce a single docu-
ment to the committee related to the remaining portions of the November re-
quest. What was the State Department doing during the time the former Sec-retary was going through her emails? 
After they produced these emails, the 
State Department asked what our pri-ority was. We continued to inform them that the 10 senior officials identi-fied in the November request were our priority, including Cheryl Mills, Jake Sullivan, Huma Abedin, and Susan Rice. The State Department told com-mittee staff that this request was too broad and that it was unable to search for these documents. 
On March 4, 2015, the committee 
issued a subpoena for the documents and emails first requested in Novem-ber. This subpoena sought documents and emails for the 10 senior State De-partment officials, including those named previously. 
Despite the committee indicating 
emails and documents from the sub-poena were its top priority, the Depart-ment informed the committee that it would instead begin producing docu-ments pursuant to the outstanding ARB subpoena. Remember, this sub-poena was first issued in August of 2013 and reissued on January 28, 2015, since it expired at the end of the previous Congress. 
I would also point out that the law 
requires that these records—and this is the records from the ARB—and, Mr. Speaker, it is very important that you understand this, that the law says that these ‘‘records shall be separated from all other records of the Department of State and shall be maintained under appropriate safeguards to preserve the confidentiality and classification of in-formation.’’ 
This means the records should have 
been sitting on a shelf somewhere, eas-ily identifiable. Unfortunately, it took them 2 years to find where this ARB report was supposed to be segregated and put up. The committee continued to indicate that its priority was for the emails from the senior State Depart-ment personnel that were first re-quested in November. 
The Department’s response: it could 
not search for these documents. In-stead, the Department ignored the committee’s request; and, on April 15, 2015, nearly 2 years after Congress first issued a subpoena for the ARB’s docu-ments, the State Department finally produced more than 1,700 pages of docu-ments related to the ARB. 
Again, instead of responding to the 
committee’s request, on April 23, 2015, the Department produced an additional 2,500 pages of documents related to the ARB. The Department has said that, with minor exceptions, it has now ful-filled the requirements of that sub-poena. 
Notwithstanding the ARB produc-
tion, the committee continued to press the Department. Its top priority is the documents from the original November 2014 request and the March subpoena. 
The State Department, however, has 
done little but talk about the breadth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.053 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3549 May 21, 2015 
of the subpoena and the inability to 
adequately search for documents. 
The Department continues to state 
that it does not have the technical ca-pabilities to do such a wide search without specific search terms; yet the Department never used any search terms to conduct in its search, nor has the Department ever suggested any search terms to the committee. 
To help the committee better under-
stand the Department’s technical capa-bilities—or lack thereof—the com-mittee has taken several different steps. We asked the State Department to bring its technology expert and its records officer to a meeting to discuss how records were kept, retrieved, and produced. 
Specifically, we requested a meeting 
‘‘with the relevant people from within the State Department who can explain in detail how the State Department maintains its records and how it has researched for documents pursuant to this committee’s November request and further detail the limitations of the Department’s ability to fully re-spond to the Chairman’s document re-quest. These people would likely in-clude individuals from Legislative Af-fairs, Office of the Legal Adviser, Bu-reau of Information Resource Manage-ment, and possibly the records officer and any other individual who will be able to answer detailed questions on the topic. This meeting will help us further sequence and prioritize the in-formation and issues in the commit-tee’s request, as you suggested we do in your letter of February 13 to Chairman Gowdy,’’ that the State Department sent us. 
We also included a list of 13 questions 
to the Department to help guide the discussion. Samples of these questions include ‘‘the size of the universe of po-tentially relevant hard copy and/or electronic field for each person from the data range period, keyword or phrase searches the Department plans to use for production,’’ and ‘‘any limi-tations imposed on the type of data to 
be searched.’’ 
These are some pretty straight-
forward questions. 
b1345 
When the State Department appeared 
for the meeting, they did not only bring those subject matter experts with them, the staff they did bring could not answer these basic questions. In fact, it was during this meeting for the first time that the committee learned that the State Department was not in possession of the former Sec-retary’s emails. However, there was no mention of her use of a private server. 
The committee again asked the De-
partment to meet with these individ-uals. Again, the Department did not provide them. At an April 10 meeting between committee staff and the De-partment, the State Department brought in an individual. Yet when pressed by committee staff on these specific questions, the Department re-fused to provide the specific answers. Last week, we continued the pres-
sure. We told the Department that members of the committee, including myself, would travel to the State De-
partment to view firsthand how they search for documents and have a dis-cussion about the shortcomings they claim to have. 
But what did the Department do 
when we told them that we were com-ing? They scrambled and did every-thing possible to deter our visit. 
Earlier this week, however, we did 
learn more about the Department’s in-ternal process for identifying and re-viewing documents, but we didn’t get this information from the Department. Instead, we had to learn it from a law-suit. 
This past week, on May 18, the State 
Department’s Acting Director for its Information Programs and Services filed a sworn declaration in a FOIA lawsuit, the Freedom of Information lawsuit. That declaration outlined the steps the State Department had taken since it received approximately 55,000 pages of emails from former Secretary Clinton in December of 2014 to review those documents for public release under the Freedom of Information rules. 
Also, in that sworn statement, the 
State Department asserted that it had dedicated, on a full-time basis, a project manager, two case analysts, and nine Freedom of Information re-viewers to review all 55,000 pages of emails since April. These 12 individuals are precisely the 12 FTE positions that were recently funded by the State De-partment’s $2.5 million reprogramming request. 
Let me say that again. The State De-
partment repeatedly complained to the committee that a lack of staff and other resources prevented it from mak-ing more timely production of docu-ments to the committee, so the com-mittee supported a reallocation of funds to enable the State Department to hire additional staff to work on doc-ument production to provide to this committee. 
However, we continued to press the 
State Department for answers. Last month, we went so far as to put in writing 27 specific questions that the State Department needed to answer re-garding its ability to produce docu-ments to the committee and the use of the private email account by Secretary Clinton. 
These were simple questions that fell 
into three simple categories. These categories are: the State Department’s initial approval, if any, of Secretary Clinton’s email server arrangement; the State Department’s knowledge about this email server arrangement, its attempt to retrieve her email, and the lack of candor by the Department towards the committee about this, de-spite the committee’s persistent re-quests for these emails; and number 3, details of the Department’s review of her emails to ensure the Department is properly marshaling resources to re-spond to our requests. Yet here we are, more than 1 month 
later, and the Department hasn’t even been able to answer a single one of the 27 questions in writing. 
In addition, we have attempted on 
multiple occasions to direct the De-partment toward specific key docu-ments that we are after. We have prioritized our subpoena from 10 names down to 4 names, and then again down to 3 names. We have prioritized dates of documents from 2 years, down to 1 year, down to 3 months. 
But again, here we are, 2
1⁄2months 
after we issued a subpoena and 6 months after we first sent the letter, and the Department has still not pro-duced any of these priority documents. First, we moved a foot, then we moved a yard, and now we have moved our po-sition one mile, but the State Depart-ment has not budged 1 inch. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just like to 
show a little chart that shows the non-compliance that the State Department has done so far: 
On 11/18 of 2014: The committee re-
quests from the Secretary 10 senior of-ficials’ documents and emails—re-sponse, nothing. 
On 12/17, we got a response: Let’s 
meet. No documents produced. 
2/13/2015: State produced Clinton 
emails acquired from her attorney. 
3/4/2015: We subpoenaed the docu-
ments and emails of the 10 senior offi-cials. 
The State Department response: 
Let’s meet. No documents produced. 
3/26/2015: Three outstanding requests, 
ARB documents, 10 senior official docu-ments and emails and server questions. 
4/10: Briefing on document retention 
policies and procedures. No documents produced. 
4/14: Compliance needed on both sub-
poenas. 
4/15: Part of ARB documents pro-
duced 2 years after requested. 
4/18: Two subpoenas outstanding. Full 
ARB compliance and documents. Emails of 10 senior officials. 
4/22: Subpoenas outstanding for full 
ARB compliance and documents and emails of 10 senior officials. 
State response: Just beginning to as-
sess volume of emails. No documents produced. 
4/24/2015: Response, second part of 
ARB documents produced 2 years after requested. 
4/27/2015: Reminder of priority of 10 
senior officials. 
4/29: Response: Estimate given for 
volume of emails for 2 of the 10 senior officials. No documents produced. 
5/4/2015: Lack of compliance on docu-
ment request is unacceptable. 
Response from the State Depart-
ment: State responds but fails to iden-tify any steps taken to produce docu-ments. No documents produced. 
Mr. Speaker, we have done every-
thing we know to do to get these docu-
ments so we can finish this investiga-tion. I don’t know that anybody has any more right to know what has gone on than the American people and espe-cially those families of those four great Americans that lost their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.054 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3550 May 21, 2015 
The only thing holding us up from 
getting a definitive report of those ac-tions before, during, and after those at-tacks is this executive branch and their Department of State. We are beg-ging them. And as we have said before, we have moved an inch, we have moved a foot, we have moved a yard, we have moved a mile, and they have not moved one iota. 
So our request to them is to listen, 
to give us the documents and let us fin-ish this report. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL ROLE IN TRADE 
POLICY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it has been 
over 12 years since the last debate over trade promotion authority, the last time we considered the role of Congress in trade negotiations. Much has changed since then: the world has changed; trade negotiations have changed; and the role of Congress in trade negotiations has changed. 
We all recognize that trade can be 
beneficial. The issue is not whether Congress could pass an Econ 101 class, as President George W. Bush’s chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, Gregory Mankiw, recently put it. The issue is whether we are going to face up to the fact that our trading system today is much more complex than the simplistic trade model presented in an Econ 101 class. 
A growing number of prominent 
economists today recognize those com-plexities, from Nobel Laureate econo-mists like Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman, to Columbia professor Jef-frey Sachs, former IMF chief econo-mist Simon Johnson, and former White House adviser Jared Bernstein. But too many want to pretend the question of a trade agreement is a ‘‘no-brainer,’’ as Professor Mankiw suggests; or that the benefits of trade ‘‘flows from the clas-sic theory of trade gains first ex-pounded by David Ricardo in 1817’’— from a Council of Economic Advisers report in May 2015—because, as Charles Krauthammer recently wrote: ‘‘The law of comparative advantage has held up nicely for 198 years.’’ 
What do David Ricardo and Adam 
Smith have to say about the inclusion of investor-state dispute settlement in our trade agreements? Nothing, to my knowledge. What do they have to say about providing a 12-year monopoly for the sale of biologic medicines? about the need to ensure that our trading partners meet basic labor and environ-mental standards? How about the issue of currency manipulation? What does the theory of comparative advantage have to say about those issues? Abso-lutely nothing. And yet those are the issues at the crux of the TPP negotia-
tions today. 
So how do the old ideas on trade fall 
short? Let me mention a few examples: 
First, as Joseph Stiglitz pointed out 
recently, 19th century economics and the theory of comparative advantage assumed a fixed level of technology— no technological changes—and full em-ployment. Those assumptions don’t fit very well in today’s world. 
Second, one of the most critical eco-
nomic issues facing our country today is growing inequality and a stagnant middle class. Many trade economists believe that trade contributes to that inequality. But some try to downplay that fact by pointing out that other factors may contribute more to the problem, as if that means we should not worry about the impact trade is having. Consider this from Dani Rodrik, a Harvard University econo-mist: ‘‘The gains from trade look rath-er paltry compared to the redistribu-tion of income . . . In an economy like the U.S., where average tariffs are below 5 percent, a move to complete free trade would reshuffle more than $50 of income among different groups for each dollar of efficiency or ‘net’ gain created . . . We are talking about $50 of redistribution for every $1 of ag-gregate gain. It is as if we give $51 to Adam, only to leave David $50 poorer.’’ 
David Rosnick of the Center for Eco-
nomic and Policy Research expects TPP will have a very small but positive impact on U.S. economic growth—0.13 percent of GDP by 2025. However, he notes that economists today generally agree that trade contributes to grow-ing economic inequality in the United States, with estimates ranging from 10 to 50 percent of the total inequality growth. When he combines these two concepts, GDP growth but rising in-equality from trade, he concludes: ‘‘under any reasonable assumptions about the effect of trade on inequality, the median wage earner, and therefore the majority of workers, suffers a net loss as a result of these trade agree-ments.’’ In other words, the economic pie may grow slightly as a result of our trade agreements, but the average American worker gets a smaller slice of that pie. 
Similarly, in September The Brook-
ings Institution published an economic research paper by three economists, two affiliated with the Federal Reserve system, that found that trade and globalization accounts for the vast ma-jority of labor’s declining share of in-come in the United States over the past 25 years. Specifically, they found that ‘‘increases in import exposure of U.S. businesses can explain about 3.3 percentage points of the 3.9 percentage point decline in the U.S. payroll share over the past quarter century.’’ 
This underscores that the substance 
of the trade agreements, the inter-national rules, matter. Our trade agreements must be designed to shape trade, to spread its benefits more broadly. Third, we need to stop pretending 
that trade only has benefits and few costs. We need to stop talking exclu-sively about exports and downplaying the negative impact that some imports have, as the Council of Economic Ad-visers did in a recent paper. 
b1400 
Of course, imports can help to lower 
prices for manufacturers and con-sumers. But lower prices don’t do you much good if you have lost your job or seen your wage decline or stagnate. Again, as Jeff Sachs has said, ‘‘It is true that the benefits outweigh the costs, leading to the argument that winners can compensate losers. But in America, winners rarely compensate losers; more often than not, the win-ners attempt to trounce the losers.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the old economics mod-
els are based in part on trade between countries with similar economic struc-tures. This is no longer the case. 
The 12 parties involved in the TPP 
negotiations—accounting for 40 percent of the world GDP—include economies ranging from some of the world’s larg-est market-oriented economies to some of the smallest, least developed com-mand economies. We have never been able to establish a level playing field with Japan—after decades of trying, and multiple ‘‘agreements’’ to solve various problems—and the Japanese market stands virtually closed today in key areas like agriculture and auto-mobiles. We have never negotiated a free trade agreement with a communist country like Vietnam where state- owned enterprises are a major concern and the Communist Party and the once so-called labor union are one and the same. 
The issues involved in trade negotia-
tions have also changed dramatically. We are no longer simply negotiating tariff levels. As Professor Jeff Sachs of Columbia University said recently, ‘‘Both TPP and TTIP would be better described as multinational business agreements involving three distinct areas: international trade, cross-border investment, and international business regulation. 
The TPP negotiations cover a range 
of subjects far beyond those negotiated in any previous multilateral negotia-tion, concerning everything from intel-lectual property and access to medi-cines, to financial regulations, food safety measures, basic labor and envi-ronmental standards, cross-border data 
flows, and state-owned enterprises. So the economics of trade have changed, and the trade negotiations themselves have changed, and so too has the con-gressional role. 
In recent years some of us have had 
to take it upon ourselves to rewrite the rules of trade negotiations. In 2006 when the Democrats took the majority in the U.S. House, we made it clear to the Bush administration that we were not going to consider the Peru, Pan-ama, Colombia, and Korea Free Trade Agreements as negotiated. Each of them would need to be fixed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.056 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3551 May 21, 2015 
CHARLES RANGEL and I worked with 
our House Democratic colleagues to co-author what became known as the May 10th Agreement on labor and environ-mental standards in trade agreements. For the first time, fully enforceable labor and environmental standards would be placed in our trade agree-ments on equal footing with every other commercial provision. The May 10th Agreement also included impor-tant provisions on medicines, invest-ment, and government procurement. 
After decades of leading the fight to 
include worker rights provisions in trade agreements, I considered at the time, and still do today, the May 10th Agreement to be a major break-through. In the case of our trade agree-ments with Peru, Panama, and Colom-bia, their labor laws were changed to come into compliance with ILO stand-ards before the Congress voted. 
Then in 2011, with the Korea FTA, 
working on a bipartisan basis with then-chairman Dave Camp, with Ford Motor, and the UAW, we urged the Obama administration to go back and renegotiate the specific automotive market opening measures with Korea. And they did so, helping to garner broad bipartisan support in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, we established the foun-
dation for progressive trade policy. We saw the value of intense congressional involvement to improve trade agree-ments. We want to make sure it is built upon, not eroded. 
Mr. Speaker, now we are facing the 
largest multilateral trade negotiations since the Uruguay Round. The TPP has the potential to raise standards and open new markets for U.S. businesses, workers, and farmers—or lock in weak standards, uncompetitive practices, and a system that does not spread the benefits of trade, affecting the pay-checks of American families. Once the U.S. lowers its own tariffs as broadly as contemplated in TPP, we will no longer have the leverage to bring about lasting change in other countries. 
In January, I described what I be-
lieved to be an effective way to resolve outstanding issues in the TPP negotia-tions. I believed that achieving these outcomes could lead to a landmark TPP agreement worthy of major bipar-tisan support and mine. Unfortunately, in 4 months, none of these suggestions has been taken on by our negotiators. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the 
Hatch-Wyden-Ryan trade promotion authority fails to put TPP on the right track or to help Congress do so. Chair-man R
YANand Senator C RUZwrote an 
op-ed entitled, ‘‘Putting Congress in Charge on Trade.’’ Senator H
ATCH de-
clared TPA to include ‘‘strict negoti-ating objectives’’ that give the Amer-ican people a voice on trade priorities. But saying it is so doesn’t make it so. 
On all the major issues in the nego-
tiations, the negotiating objectives are obsolete or woefully inadequate. They are basically a wish list. And even worse, at the end of the negotiation, TPA allows the President to certify whether his own negotiators achieved 
the wish list. And the provisions relat-ing to congressional withdrawal of TPA are meaningless. They are never going to be used because they are unus-able. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA gives up 
congressional leverage at exactly the wrong time. Instead of pressing USTR to get a better agreement or signaling to our negotiating partners that Con-gress will only accept an agreement that ensures reciprocity and helps to spread the benefits of trade, the Hatch- Wyden-Ryan TPA puts Congress in the backseat and greases the skids for an up-or-down vote after the fact. Real congressional power is not at the end of the process; it is right now, when the critical outstanding issues are being negotiated. 
Mr. Speaker, we must meaningfully 
address currency manipulation—pro-tracted, large-scale, official, one-way intervention in the currency markets to weaken a currency for the purpose of boosting exports and limiting im-ports. Currency manipulation has cost the U.S. millions of jobs over the past decade and a half. Many people had trouble finding new jobs or had to ac-cept jobs at lower wages. 
China manipulated its currency most 
dramatically in this time period, accu-mulating the largest stock of foreign exchange reserves the world has ever known. In earlier episodes, Japan, South Korea, and others manipulated their currencies on a protracted, grand scale. Japan’s currency manipulation and other trade-distorting practices kept its auto and other markets closed while Japan had access to a very open U.S. market. This one-way trade deci-mated the U.S. tool and die industry and seriously injured other segments of the auto industry, including U.S. auto-makers themselves. 
The International Monetary Fund 
has up-to-date guidelines that define currency manipulation and are in-tended to prevent it. There is nothing wrong with the spirit or even the letter 
of those guidelines. Unfortunately, the IMF cannot enforce those guidelines because currency manipulators are able to essentially stall action in that forum. 
Arguments that prohibiting currency 
manipulation in TPP is impossible, for technical or political reasons, remind us of previous claims about trade agreements not being able to help de-fend forests or discourage child labor. For example, some people—prominent people—have asserted that U.S. mone-tary policy would be put at risk if cur-rency is included in TPP. I responded to that argument in a highly detailed blog months ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to include 
that in the R
ECORD . [From the Huffington Post Blog Post, 
Feb. 6, 2015] 
THENEEDTOADDRESS CURRENCY MANIPULA -
TION IN TPP, ANDWHYU.S. M ONETARY POL-
ICYISNOT AT RISK 
(By Rep. Sander Levin) 
Over the past decade, currency manipula-
tion by foreign governments has resulted in an increase in unfairly traded imports into the United States and has made it more dif-ficult for U.S. exporters to compete in for-eign markets. The practice has cost U.S. workers between one million and five million jobs—and is responsible for as much as half of excess unemployment in the United States. It has contributed to stagnant wages and to inequality in the United States. And it contributed to the global financial crisis.* 
Bipartisan majorities in the House and the 
Senate have urged the Administration to in-clude strong and enforceable currency obli-gations in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which includes a number of former currency manipulators, such as Japan. Other countries interested in joining TPP in the future—such as China, Korea, and Taiwan— are also current or former currency manipu-lators. 
The IMF already prohibits currency ma-
nipulation and has developed guidelines to define when it occurs. The problem is that the IMF lacks an enforcement mechanism. 
I have proposed taking the existing IMF 
guidelines, building upon them, and estab-lishing an enforcement mechanism through the TPP. Other groups and economists, such as the American Automotive Policy Council (AAPC) and Fred Bergsten of the Peterson Institute, have tabled similar proposals. Economists on the right and left support in-cluding currency disciplines in TPP. And the Commission on Inclusive Prosperity recently stated: ‘‘New trade agreements should ex-plicitly include enforceable disciplines against currency manipulation that appro-priately tie mutual trade preferences to mu-tual recognition that exchange rates should not be allowed to subsidize one party’s ex-ports at the expense of others.’’ Currency manipulation must become a subject in the TPP negotiations. 
A chief concern about including strong and 
enforceable currency disciplines in TPP is that U.S. monetary policy could be success-fully challenged by our trading partners, given that our expansionary monetary policy (in the form of ‘quantitative easing’) may have had the secondary effect of weakening the dollar. What follows is a factual response to that concern. 
Again, my proposal is to take the IMF 
guidelines and make them enforceable. Under the IMF guidelines, currency manipu-lation is about government interventions in the foreign exchange markets, not about other policies that may have a secondary im-pact on foreign exchange rates. The IMF guidelines clearly distinguish between cur-rency manipulation—government interven-tion in foreign exchange markets—and mon-etary policy. 
Article IV of the IMF’s Articles of Agree-
ment states that ‘‘each member shall . . . avoid manipulating exchange rates . . . to gain an unfair competitive advantage over other members.’’ The IMF has gone on to provide seven factors in its Guidelines to de-termine whether a country is manipulating its currency. The following review of each factor identified in those guidelines dem-onstrates that U.S. monetary policy, includ-ing quantitative easing, cannot be described as a form of currency manipulation. 
Factor 1: Protracted Large-Scale Interven-
tion, in One Direction, in Currency Markets. 
The United States intervenes in the cur-
rency market less than almost any other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.057 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3552 May 21, 2015 
country in the world. The United States has 
only intervened in the currency markets a total of three days since the late 1990s: June 17, 1998 (during the Asian exchange rate/fi-nancial crisis); September 22, 2000 (after the euro was introduced and concerns grew over the euro’s significant depreciation against the dollar); and March 18, 2011 (in connection with a Japanese earthquake and tsunami). These three interventions over nearly 20 years cannot be described as ‘‘protracted’’ interventions. Compare this record with, for example, China’s interventions over the past decade, which have occurred almost daily, and almost always in the same direction, to weaken their currency. 
The circumstances surrounding these three 
interventions are consistent with the Fed-eral Reserve’s Foreign Currency Directive: interventions ‘‘shall generally be directed at countering disorderly market conditions.’’ They are therefore not consistent with the objective of ‘‘gaining an unfair competitive advantage’’ over its trading partners, which is what currency manipulation is about. In fact, the IMF recommends and encourages members to intervene ‘‘to counter disorderly conditions.’’ It is also worth noting that in these three instances, the United States co-ordinated its intervention with the other countries involved, again demonstrating that the action was not taken to gain a com-petitive advantage. Indeed, in all three cases the other country requested the intervention of the United States. 
While the United States has a flexible ex-
change rate (i.e., it lets the market deter-mine its value), it is also important to note that the IMF Guidelines do not prevent other countries from establishing a fixed or managed exchange rate. The Guidelines only provide that the rate cannot be set at a con-sistently artificially low level (i.e., countries may engage in ‘‘protracted, large scale’’ interventions, so long as all of these inter-ventions are not all in the same ‘‘direc-tion’’). 
Factor 2: Excessive Accumulation of For-
eign Exchange Reserves. 
Despite the fact that the United States has 
the largest or second largest economy in the world, the United States holds fewer foreign exchange reserves than Thailand, Algeria, and Saudi Arabia, among others. Further, China has 25 times as many foreign exchange reserves (nearly $4 trillion) as the United States ($126 billion). 
Economists generally use four bench-
marks, cited by Treasury in 2006 and 2014 re-ports, to determine whether a country’s re-serves are excessive. U.S. reserves are well below each benchmark: 
Benchmark #1—Reserves may be excessive 
if they exceed 100% of short-term external debt (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Guidotti- Greenspan Rule’’). U.S. reserves are equal to 2% of its short-term external debt ($1.2 tril-lion). If only taking into account debt de-nominated in foreign currencies, U.S. re-serves would equal 38% of short-term debt. Note, however, that this benchmark was de-signed with emerging markets in mind, not the U.S. economy. 
By way of comparison, China’s reserves are 
about 700% (i.e., seven times greater than) its short-term external debt. 
Benchmark #2—Reserves are excessive if 
they exceed 5–20% of money supply, com-monly referred to as M2. U.S. reserves are 1.1% of U.S. M2 ($11.7 trillion). China’s re-serves are 43% of its M2. 
Benchmark #3—Reserves are excessive if 
they exceed 20% of GDP. U.S. reserves are less than 1% of U.S. GDP (around $17 tril-lion). China’s reserves are 42% of its GDP. 
Benchmark #4—Reserves are excessive if 
they exceed 3–4 months of imports. U.S. re-serves equal less than a single month of U.S. imports (about $200 billion). China’s reserves 
equal 23 months of its imports. 
Factor 3: Restrictions on/Incentives for 
Transactions or Capital Flows for Balance of Payments Purposes. 
The United States has one of the least re-
strictive regulatory structures in the world concerning the free flow of capital. In fact, the World Economic Forum ranks the United States first in the world in terms of capital account liberalization and second in the world under a more general ‘financial devel-opment’ index. 
Factor 4: Encouragement of Capital Flows 
through Monetary Policy for Balance of Pay-ments Purposes. 
This is the only guideline that even men-
tions monetary policy. And while the United States—and every other country in the world—does have a monetary policy, the pur-pose of U.S. monetary policy is neither to encourage capital flows nor to achieve a bal-ance in payments. The goals of U.S. mone-tary policy are spelled out in the Federal Re-serve Act, which specifies that the Board of Governors and the Federal Open Market Committee should seek ‘‘to promote effec-tively the goals of maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term inter-est rates.’’ 
Indeed, the IMF has explicitly supported 
U.S. monetary policy (including each round of quantitative easing since the ‘‘Great Re-cession’’). As the IMF said in its most recent report ‘‘[IMF] Directors agreed that the cur-rent highly accommodative stance of mone-tary policy is appropriate, consistent with the Federal Reserve’s objectives of max-imum employment and price stability.’’ The IMF has also noted that U.S. monetary pol-icy has been good for other nations (‘positive spillover effects’) because it has helped to sustain global growth. Similarly, the G-20 (which includes China, Japan, Korea, the United States, and three other TPP coun-tries) has distinguished between monetary policy and exchange rate policy—and has recognized ‘‘the support that has been pro-vided to the global economy in recent years from accommodative monetary policies, in-
cluding unconventional monetary policies.’’ 
Factor 5: Fundamental Exchange Rate 
Misalignment. 
If anything, the U.S. dollar is properly val-
ued or even overvalued, not undervalued, ac-cording to the most recent IMF data and es-timates. Further, given the continued weak-ening of the yen and euro, many expect the dollar to further strengthen in value in 2015. 
Factor 6: Long and Sustained Current Ac-
count Surpluses. 
The United States has had just one current 
account surplus since 1981. In fact, the United States has been running large current account and trade deficits for almost four decades. Indeed, those imbalances are a major cause of concern to many econo-mists—and currency manipulation by other countries has contributed substantially to the U.S. trade deficits in recent years. 
Factor 7: Large External Sector 
Vulnerabilities from Private Capital Flows. 
While the United States does have external 
sector vulnerabilities (i.e., private and public sector debt owed to foreigners), as reflected in the large current account deficit, much of those vulnerabilities stem from purchases of U.S. debt by foreign governments—not pri-vate capital flows. And much of those pur-chases by foreign governments are the result of foreign government intervention in the currency markets that result in the accumu-lation of foreign reserves. Thus, if anything, this factor, like Factor 6, tends to suggest that the United States is a casualty of other governments’ currency manipulation, not that it is manipulating itself. 
The IMF Guidelines demonstrate that the 
United States is not manipulating its cur-rency and would not be at risk of losing a 
dispute. The far greater risk is that more middle class jobs will be lost in the United States as a result of foreign governments’ currency manipulation. We need strong and enforceable disciplines in TPP to help pre-vent that from happening. 
ENDNOTE  
*China’s currency manipulation ‘‘is argu-
ably the most important cause of the finan-cial crisis. Starting around the middle of 
this decade, China’s cheap currency led it to run a massive trade surplus. The earnings from that surplus poured into the United States. The result was the mortgage bub-ble.’’ Sebastian Mallaby, ‘‘What OPEC Teaches China,’’ Washington Post op-ed (Jan. 2009). The Bush Administration White House also drew the connection: ‘‘the Presi-dent highlighted a factor that economists agree on: that the most significant factor leading to the housing crisis was cheap money flowing into the U.S. from the rest of the world, so that there was no natural re-straint on flush lenders to push loans on Americans in risky ways. This flow of funds into the U.S. was unprecedented.’’ State-ment by White House Press Secretary Dana Perino (Dec. 2008). Most of the cheap money flowing into the United States came from foreign governments (not the private sector) accumulating foreign exchange reserves and other official assets. See Joseph E. Gagnon, ‘‘Global Imbalances and Foreign Asset Ex-pansion by Developing-Economy Central Banks,’’ Peterson Institute for International Economics (Mar. 2012). 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I have seen 
no serious rebuttal of the points I made in that post or to similar and related points made by Simon Johnson, Fred Bergsten, and many other notable economists ranging from Art Laffer to Paul Krugman. Nevertheless, those who oppose currency disciplines con-tinue to raise this false argument. 
Mr. Speaker, TPP should address in-
stances in which countries buy large amounts of foreign assets over long pe-riods of time to prevent an apprecia-tion of their exchange rate despite run-ning a large current account surplus. The Federal Reserve does not engage in such practices. That is why the U.S. al-ready agreed to and even insisted upon what is in the current IMF guidelines. 
And now there is the claim that in-
cluding currency disciplines in TPP would be a poison pill and that our trading partners would walk away from the table. There is no way to accu-rately judge this issue until it is prop-erly brought to the negotiating table. To the contrary, the fact is that the administration says this only creates the risk of a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
b1415 
It is irresponsible to make this 
claim. Indeed, our trading partners in TPP would greatly benefit from these disciplines. Many of them are the vic-tims of manipulation in every bit as much as we are. 
A progressive trade agreement for 
workers and the middle class must ad-dress currency manipulation, which has caused millions of job losses and contributed to waste stagnation over the last decade. President Obama is right that we should write the rules and not accept the status quo; but, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.046 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3553 May 21, 2015 
we fail to do address currency manipu-
lation in TPP, we are essentially let-ting China write the rules and are ac-cepting an unacceptable status quo. 
It is vital that our trade agreements 
balance strong intellectual property rights and access to affordable, life-saving medicines. Absent a change in course, the final TPP text is likely to provide less access to affordable medi-cines than provided under the May 10 agreement. My staff has just reviewed a new version of the text that raises some serious new questions; but even 
the last version of the text raised seri-ous concerns. 
For example, developing countries 
would likely be required to ‘‘graduate’’ to more restrictive intellectual prop-erty rights standards before they be-come developed, a clear inconsistency with May 10. There are also a number of concerns that the TPP agreement will restrict access to medicines in the U.S. and other developed countries, for example, by encouraging second pat-ents on similar products, by having long periods of data exclusivity for bio-logic medicines, by allowing drug com-panies to challenge government pricing and reimbursement decisions. 
Oxfam, a coalition of 17 international 
development organizations, recently said: 
TPP would do more to undermine access to 
affordable medicines than any previous U.S. trade agreement, and the intellectual prop-erty provisions in TPP reverse the positive step taken under the May 10 agreement in 2007 . . . and thus are a step backwards for public health. 
And amFAR, the Foundation for 
AIDS Research, said this: 
Our gains in reducing global HIV infections 
would never have been realized if the pro-posed provisions under the TPP were the in-tellectual property standard in 2001. 
For most of the past 15 years, our 
trade deficit with Japan has been sec-ond only to our deficit with China, and over two-thirds of the current deficit is in automotive products. 
Japan has long had the most closed 
automotive market of any industri-alized country, despite repeated efforts by U.S. negotiators over decades to open it. At a minimum, the U.S. should not open its market further to Japa-nese imports, through the phaseout of tariffs, until we have time to see whether Japan has truly opened its market. 
The administration has not stated a 
specific period of time for when the phaseout in U.S. tariffs for autos, trucks, and auto parts would begin or when they would end. The parties are also still working to address certain nontariff barriers that Japan utilizes to close their market. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill 
broadly states that the U.S. should ‘‘expand competitive market opportu-nities for export of goods.’’ Such a broad negotiating objective provides no guidance regarding how to truly open the Japanese automotive market. 
On the related issue of rules of ori-
gin, there are a number of rules of ori-gin being negotiated in the TPP for dif-
ferent products, including in the sen-sitive textile and apparel, agricultural, and automotive sectors. Some of the rules are largely settled while others, including the rules for automotive products, remain open and controver-sial. 
Rules of origin define the extent to 
which inputs from outside the TPP re-gion—for example, China—can be in-corporated into an end product for that product to still be entitled to pref-erential/duty-free treatment under the agreement. 
The rule should be restrictive enough 
to ensure that the benefits of the agreement accrue to the parties to the agreement. The automotive rule of ori-gin in TPP should be at least as strin-gent as the rule in NAFTA, given that TPP involves all three of the NAFTA countries, plus nine others. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill pro-
vides no guidance whatsoever on any rule of origin on any product in the TPP negotiations. It appears that the U.S. and Japan will agree that Japan will reduce tariffs, but never eliminate them, on hundreds of agricultural prod-ucts, far more carve-outs than under any U.S. trade agreement in the past. 
Canada, on the other hand, has not 
put any offer on the table for dairy products, which is causing some con-cern in the dairy industry. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill has 
as its objective, ‘‘reducing or elimi-nating’’ tariffs on agricultural prod-ucts; thus even Japan’s opening offer, to reduce but never eliminate tariffs on nearly 600 products, satisfied this ob-jective, demonstrating that it is mean-ingless. 
The TPP negotiations are taking a 
different approach on environment than we did in the May 10 agreement and in our FTAs with Peru, Panama, Colombia, and Korea, where we stated simply that each country was obligated to implement seven multilateral envi-ronment agreements. 
TPP negotiators are trying to build 
the same obligations from scratch, and we still do not know if they have suc-ceeded. Words like ‘‘endeavor’’ and ‘‘take steps to’’ are not going to lead to the revolutionary changes we have been told to expect. 
The President said at Nike recently 
that the TPP environmental chapter would ‘‘help us do things that haven’t been done before.’’ Actually, we have done these things before. In May 10, Peru included a special annex on defor-estation. It needs more vigorous en-forcement. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA bill is 
obsolete in providing instructions since the TPP is already taking a different approach. The TPA bill also does not address whether or how climate change issues should be handled in TPP, an issue raised by other countries in the TPP negotiations. 
There are now more cases of private 
investors challenging environmental, health, and other regulations in na-tions, even nations with strong and 
independent judicial systems and rule of law. 
Just last month—just last month—an 
investor won a NAFTA ISDS case in which the government of Nova Scotia denied a permit to develop a quarry in an environmentally sensitive area. 
Other investment disputes involve 
‘‘plain packaging’’ of tobacco products in Australia aimed at protecting public health and pharmaceutical patent re-quirements in Canada. This issue is re-ceiving heightened scrutiny among ne-gotiators and from a broad range of in-terested parties. 
Some of our TPP partners do not 
support ISDS or are seeking safeguards to ensure that nations preserve their right to regulate. The Economist mag-azine, the Cato Institute, and the Gov-ernment of Germany—the birthplace of ISDS—have also recently expressed concerns with ISDS. 
As far back as 2007, when the May 10 
agreement was reached, we recognized growing concerns over investment and ISDS. We insisted that our trade agree-ments with Peru, Panama, Colombia, and Korea include new preambular lan-guage clarifying that the investment obligations in those agreements are not invented to provide foreign inves-tors with greater substantive rights than investors have under U.S. law. 
Over the past few years, our concerns 
over the investment text and ISDS have become even greater. Neverthe-less, our negotiators have refused to in-clude the May 10 preambular language in TPP, and the text of the investment chapter in TPP is basically the same model as adopted 10 years ago, even though conditions have changed dra-matically in the past 10 years and calls for changes to or elimination of the chapter have intensified. 
Despite proposals to include new 
safeguards in the ISDS mechanism, the administration has not made any at-tempts to incorporate them. 
The Hatch-Wyden-Ryan TPA invest-
ment negotiating objective is the same as it was 12 years ago and, again, is ob-solete. 
TPP does not ensure compliance by 
TPP parties that have labor laws and practices that fall short of inter-national standards contained in the May 10 agreement, even though TPP is expected to include the May 10 lan-guage. 
Vietnam presents the greatest chal-
lenge we have ever had in ensuring compliance. Workers there are prohib-ited from joining any union inde-pendent of the Communist Party. While the administration is discussing these issues with Vietnam, Members of Congress and stakeholder advisers have not yet seen any proposal to address these critical areas. 
On a recent trip to Vietnam, I met a 
woman who had been thrown in jail for 4 years for trying to organize workers into an independent union. We cannot simply have the right written obliga-tion in the agreement and expect that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.059 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3554 May 21, 2015 
some future dispute settlement panel is 
going to ensure meaningful change on the ground for workers. 
The administration has not com-
mitted to ensuring that all changes to laws and regulations are made before Congress votes, as was true with Peru, Panama, and Colombia. 
The administration also does not 
make available to Members of Congress any ‘‘consistency plan’’ they are dis-cussing with Vietnam so that we can evaluate the changes to Vietnamese laws and practices they are seeking. 
From what I understand, any plan 
will fall far short of bringing Vietnam into compliance with basic ILO stand-ards, as required under the May 10 agreement. For example, I am con-cerned Vietnam may refuse to allow in-dustrywide unions to form, a clear in-consistency with ILO standards. Our negotiators also have refused to accept our suggestion that an independent panel be established from the begin-ning to ensure compliance with the labor obligations and expedite a dis-pute. 
Without such a structure, future 
cases will need to be built from scratch by outside groups and submitted to the U.S. Government, a process which has taken several years for the Department of Labor to act on in Honduras and Guatemala. 
The President said recently that 
Vietnam ‘‘would even have to protect workers’ freedom to form unions, for the first time,’’ but the TPP that USTR is negotiating seems far from en-suring those words will become real. 
b1430 
Mexico also has a long way to go. 
Americans know that Mexico competes in manufacturing. According to Pro-fessor Harley Shaiken at UC Berkeley: 
‘‘Under NAFTA, the auto industry in 
Mexico has grown rapidly, and it is in the midst of an unprecedented expan-sion. Mexico assembled over 3 million vehicles in 2013—more than Canada— and exported over 80 percent of them, mostly to the U.S. Global automakers plan to invest $6.8 billion in Mexico be-tween 2013 and 2015. As a result, Mexico is on track to become the leading source of imported vehicles for the U.S. market by 2015, surpassing both Can-ada and Mexico. Moreover, Mexico ex-ported $44.8 billion in auto parts to the U.S. last year, more than Japan, Korea, and Germany combined.’’ 
The wage rate in Mexico is about 20 
percent of a comparable rate in the U.S. 
The administration likes to say that 
TPP will renegotiate NAFTA. I am all for that, but, again, words in the agree-ment are not enough. Mexico has to change their laws and their practices. For example, they have to get rid of so- called ‘‘protection contracts’’ that serve to block real representation in the workplace, and they need to fun-damentally reform or replace the con-ciliation and arbitration boards that are responsible for resolving disputes over workplace representation and 
other labor issues. This is vitally im-portant because U.S. workers compete directly with Mexican workers in crit-ical manufacturing and other sectors. While I understand the administration has started conversations with Mexico, I am not informed of any consistency plan that would detail the changes Mexico needs to make to their laws. 
TPP negotiators are also working on 
disciplines for state-owned enterprises, or SOEs. Countries that rely heavily on state-controlled and state-funded en-terprises are able to give those cham-pions an enormous and unfair advan-tage over private companies that com-pete against them in the marketplace. 
The TPP would include disciplines on 
SOEs that are expected in language to go beyond anything we have ever in-cluded in past agreements, but the ex-tent to which an SOE provision will help to level the playing field will be determined by the degree to which par-ties seek very broad, country-specific carve-outs for particular SOEs. As con-cerning, the definition of ‘‘SOEs’’ is too narrow, allowing enterprises that are effectively controlled by foreign gov-ernments—but where the government owns less than 50 percent of the shares—to circumvent the obligations. 
There are several other TPP issues 
that need to be addressed. Food safety is one of them. There is a very broad consensus that not enough resources are being devoted to ensure the safety of our imports. What are we going to do about this issue? It is a real issue in the debate. Unfortunately, specific por-tions of the negotiations and the short-comings in TPP are often difficult to discuss because the documents are classified. 
I have not argued that the entire ne-
gotiations should be open to the public. I understand that, in a wide range of contexts, from peace negotiations to labor negotiations, it is widely as-sumed that negotiations at times need to be held behind closed doors, and at this point, I am not convinced that trade negotiations are different. The negotiators need to communicate fre-quently and effectively with stake-holders to ensure that they are seeking the right provisions in negotiations. In a number of respects, our negotiators were not doing that when the TPP ne-gotiations were in the early or even not so early stages. 
Thanks to constant pressure from 
Members of Congress over the past sev-eral years, we have made some progress in this regard. For example, just a cou-ple of years ago, USTR refused to share the bracketed text—laying out the po-sitions of various parties—with any Member of Congress. We got them to change that. Much more recently, they refused to let staff from personal of-fices assist their Members with the text even where the staff member had a top secret security clearance. We got them to change that. 
Still, there remain unreasonable and 
burdensome restrictions on access to the text. For example, Congress cre-
ated a system of stakeholder advisers many years ago to provide advice to our negotiators and to Congress on the negotiations, but those advisers still can only see U.S. negotiating pro-posals. They cannot see the proposals of our trading partners. It is very dif-ficult, if not impossible, for them to provide negotiating advice if they can’t know what the other side is seeking. Moreover, personal office staff with top secret security clearances still cannot see the negotiating text until the Mem-ber is present. 
Let me say a few more words about 
this. 
I am not at all confident that our ne-
gotiators are sharing with Members of Congress or the stakeholder advisers all of the texts that are being ex-changed with other TPP countries. For example, we know our negotiators, as I have said, have been discussing a labor consistency plan with Vietnam for many months now at least, but there is still no text for Members of Congress to review. This is one of the major out-standing issues in TPP, and yet there is no text to review despite the fact that USTR has told us for at least a year now that the negotiations were nearly complete. At a recent meeting to discuss Vietnam, it was classified so 
that the status of negotiations on this issue cannot be discussed publicly. Many of us left less confident that there has been any progress in the ne-gotiations. 
Or take currency manipulation. For 
years, literally, we have pressed what the administration’s position is on the issue given that majorities in both the House and the Senate have urged that strong and enforceable currency dis-ciplines be included in TPP. For years, the administration said it was still de-liberating on the issue and had no an-swer. Now, when pushed through the TPA debate in Congress, the adminis-tration claims that they could not pos-sibly include enforceable disciplines in TPP because they would be a poison pill. 
Finally, I do not understand why the 
administration is selectively able to reveal to the public certain aspects 
that they think the public will like, but those of us who have concerns can-not reveal them. We have examples of officials revealing to the press very specific things from the negotiating text, like when tariffs will be elimi-nated on a particular product. In my view, as to the Environment Chapter, the problem with that chapter is that many of the verbs used in those obliga-tions—the essence of the commit-ments—are very weak, but I, presum-ably, can’t tell you what those verbs are. 
So one has a hard time under-
standing the rationale for this process. The way it has been handled by the ad-ministration does not make Members and other key parties real participants with a meaningful role, understanding and impacting decisions undertaken in this important negotiation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.060 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3555 May 21, 2015 
Let me say a word regarding an issue 
that has come up recently. In addition to falling short in getting TPP on the right track, the TPA bill also presents dangers with other agreements. This TPA will be, essentially, in place for 6 years. It gives the President a great deal of latitude in deciding which agreements to negotiate with whatever trading partners the President wants and covering whatever subject the President wants. 
Recently, Senator E
LIZABETH WAR-
REN drew heavy criticism for express-
ing the concern that TPA could be used by a Republican President to under-mine Dodd-Frank. The concern was dis-missed as speculative and desperate, but as explained below, the concern is genuine and legitimate. 
In ongoing trade agreement negotia-
tions to establish a TTIP, European of-ficials, U.S. and European banks, and some congressional Republicans have expressed an interest in harmonizing U.S. and EU financial services in a way that would water down U.S. laws and regulations. Similarly, some Repub-lican Presidential candidates have ex-pressed an interest in weakening or in repealing Dodd-Frank, although not simply through the TTIP negotiations. Of course, doing so through TTIP nego-tiations would give the President the excuse that agreeing to weaken Dodd- Frank was simply part of a quid pro quo to get something we wanted from Europe. 
According to an article from Polit-
ico: ‘‘White House and pro-trade offi-cials on the Hill say that the fast-track bill currently before Congress includes language that expressly forbids chang-ing U.S. law without congressional ac-tion.’’ But this language is nothing new. Legislation to implement trade agreements typically includes similar language. The purpose of the language is simply to make clear that, under U.S. law, our trade agreements do not have ‘‘direct effect’’ and are not ‘‘self- executing,’’ meaning that domestic laws and regulations need to be amend-ed to give effect to any obligation in an international agreement. 
Implementing bills typically make 
changes to U.S. tariff laws to comply with the tariff obligations of trade agreements, but some implementing bills make more substantial, behind- the-border changes to U.S. laws to comply with the obligations in our trade agreements. That has been true of changes to U.S. patent laws and changes to the Immigration and Na-tionality Act. 
With all of these concerns in mind— 
and, above all, my determination to do everything I can to get TPP in shape to garner broad, bipartisan support in Congress—the Ways and Means Demo-crats offered a substitute amendment during the markup of the TPA bill. That amendment, the Right Track for TPP Act, includes negotiating instruc-tions, not merely ‘‘negotiating objec-tives’’ like the TPA bill, on each of the 12 major outstanding issues, some of which I have described earlier. It pro-
vides that the President will not get an up-or-down vote unless and until Con-gress determines that the instructions have been followed. It also includes real mechanisms to ensure that a poor-ly negotiated TPP agreement will not be placed on a fast track. 
Regrettably, our substitute amend-
ment was blocked in committee based on a highly questionable procedural de-termination from the chair. In essence, while the Republican majority was free to mark up a bill that was in both the jurisdiction of our committee and the Rules Committee, we were denied the right to do the very same thing. Our chair was concerned about stepping on the jurisdiction of the Rules Com-mittee, and yet the Rules Committee has waived jurisdiction over the TPA bill. 
As is often the case with trade de-
bates, they become about something they are not. This debate is not about being for TPP or against. I am for the right TPP, and that is why I want Con-gress to be in a position to press nego-tiators to secure a better outcome. 
This debate is not about letting 
China write the rules. I wrote the amendments to the bill granting China PNTR to try and ensure China did not write the rules when they entered the WTO. 
b1445 
This debate is not about isola-
tionism. Neither I nor any colleague of mine is arguing that we should pull up the drawbridge and isolate ourselves. Indeed, most of us who currently op-pose TPA right now have demonstrated on a broad range of issues that we are internationalists, perhaps more so than those who support TPA. 
This debate is not about national se-
curity or the pivot to Asia. I under-stand the national security issues. In-deed, what happened was years ago Wilbur Mills said let’s take trade nego-tiations out of the State Department and put them in USTR in order to be sure that the economic advantages were not traded away for political ad-vantages. 
In the world today, I don’t see how a 
trade agreement can be in our national security interest if it isn’t in our eco-nomic interest. Fifty years ago, when the U.S. was an economic superpower, unlike any other nation in the world, maybe we could grant our trading part-ners disproportionate and nonrecip-rocal conditions in exchange for polit-ical advantages. That is what Wilbur Mills said. That is not the case today. Our economic security is critical to our national security. 
Proponents of TPA are trying to sell 
TPA by selling TPP itself. Unfortu-nately, that is the problem. TPP is not yet on the right track. It has not earned ‘‘the most progressive trade agreement in history’’ moniker that the President has given it. The best course for Congress is to withhold fast track until we know TPP is on a better course, to press the administration to 
work with us and really respond to our concerns by changing the course of ne-gotiations, to send a signal to our ne-gotiating partners that the Congress has set a high bar for negotiations, that we are demanding the best deal; and, in a number of areas, I think these countries will welcome the improve-ments I have suggested. 
At the end of the day, the goal is to 
achieve a Trans-Pacific Partnership worthy of support, a TPP that spreads the benefits of trade to the broadest swath of the American public and ad-dresses trade’s negative impacts. That is really what this negotiation is all about. This is what really, really very much motivates my concern to get TPP right, not to give away our lever-age until TPP is correct. 
Voting now for TPA, when there is so 
much yet to be done to make TPP right, essentially gives away our lever-age, essentially is a kind of a blank check to the administration. I feel so deeply about the importance of trade, the importance of getting it right, that I really urge that should be our focus. 
So I urge my colleagues not to give 
away our leverage, not to vote for TPA until TPP is done correctly. That is the challenge before us. That is the challenge likely to be before the House of Representatives the week after next. That is a challenge that we must sur-mount. That is a challenge that we must meet. That is a reflection of the years of many of us in trying to make trade be put on the right track. 
That motivated us years ago when we 
put together the May 10 agreement; that motivated us when we negotiated the agreement with Peru, we who nego-tiated it. That is our dedication. We support trade when expanded trade is shaped so that all benefit. That is not true today of this TPP, and therefore I hope my colleagues will join together in voting ‘‘no’’ on TPA until TPP is gotten right. That is our goal; that is our purpose—that is our only purpose— and I think that is our challenge, and I hope the week after next we are going to meet it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RUSSELL ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 30 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, America is a beacon of hope and opportunity to the world for a rea-son. Our military veterans, whom we honor this Monday during Memorial Day, put their lives on the line for our freedoms and constitutional rights. Our Founders put in place a Constitu-tion that is inspired by the funda-mental Judeo-Christian belief that men and women are created in God’s image, with the right to life, property, freedom to worship, and carry out their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.062 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3556 May 21, 2015 
religious convictions without govern-
ment interference or persecution. 
We may take this idea for granted 
today, with 250 years of history at our backs, but at the time of our Nation’s founding, the idea of religious freedom was radical. The world was a different place then. God-fearing, peaceful citi-zens around the world were commonly persecuted for their beliefs. They were tortured and thrown in prison without a fair hearing. In short, they did not have freedom. These are rights and freedoms that many in our country take for granted. They were denied what our Founders held to be basic human rights. 
So at a great risk to themselves and 
their families, but with deeply held op-timism for a new and better future, they sailed the Atlantic Ocean for the shores of the New World, for America. 
Here they planted a new society 
based on freedom. Centuries later, we in this legislative body, are the guard-ians of this legacy. We are here to ad-vance freedom and protect liberty. But we must be vigilant in this task. 
President Ronald Reagan once said: 
Freedom is never more than one genera-
tion away from extinction. We didn’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will 
spend our sunset years telling our children and our children’s children what it was once like in the United States where men were free. 
I agree with President Reagan, and 
that is why I rise today. Our basic free-doms are under attack. We must stand up and fight. We don’t need to search long to find the wreckage of a society that does not value freedom. 
I recently met with a group of con-
stituents, Syrian Americans who live in Charleston, West Virginia. Many of them have family members and loved ones in Syria. Their stories provide a strong warning to us. In Syria, a cruel and brutal dictator, al-Assad, is at-tempting to silence opposing views. He has resorted to chemical weapon at-tacks on his own people. He has gunned down his own citizens. He has bombed hospitals and apartment complexes full of women and children. We can learn an important lesson from Syria: once tyranny grabs hold, it will grow and expand its reach. And the consequences can be drastic. In Syria, 4 out of 5 peo-ple live in poverty, more than 200,000 have been killed, a million wounded, and more than 3 million have fled the country. 
But we should not be so arrogant as 
to think that our liberties here at home in the United States are safe. The evidence that our basic freedoms are under siege is growing, and I would like to share just a few stories that have recently come to my attention. For example, an 8-year-old second grade student in a New Jersey public school wanted to sing ‘‘Awesome God’’ at her after-school talent show, but she was told she couldn’t because of the song’s religious lyrics. 
The Arizona Republic reported in 
July of 2012 that the pastor of a church in Phoenix, Arizona, was jailed and 
fined $12,000 for hosting a Bible study meeting in his private home. They out-rageously claimed it violated zoning and fire code ordinances. 
Five men in Richmond, Virginia, 
were threatened with arrest by local police officers for sharing their faith on a public sidewalk. 
The University of Missouri threat-
ened to withhold a student’s diploma because she refused to participate in a class assignment that required her to write a letter to the Missouri legislator in support of homosexual adoption. 
In a New York hospital, a pro-life 
nurse was coerced into providing a late-term abortion, even though her workplace had agreed in writing to honor her religious beliefs. 
And in the beautiful Second Congres-
sional District of West Virginia, which I have the honor of representing, Joe Holland, a businessowner, is currently being pushed to violate his religious views and values by an ObamaCare reg-ulation that requires him to provide abortifacient drugs to his employees as a part of so-called health care. A regu-lation commonly known as the HHS mandate requires him to provide the drugs or face a penalty of $100 per day per employee. For a company of 150 employees, that is about $5.5 million a year, or about $36,000 per employee. 
These are just a few of the alarming 
stories about the religious freedoms of peaceful, God-fearing Americans being snatched away by a government that has lost its way. It is no coincidence that the very First Amendment to the United States Constitution says: ‘‘Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of griev-ances.’’ 
Religious freedom was protected in 
the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion. Our Forefathers valued that. They knew what could happen if we didn’t protect our religious freedom. 
We must take action and recommit 
ourselves to this basic right. Congress actually has taken action in the past on a bipartisan basis. In 1993, Congress passed the Religious Freedom Restora-tion Act, signed by President Clinton. The law says the government should not force anyone to violate their sin-cere religious beliefs, whether those be-liefs are considered widely shared or not. This legislation unanimously passed this Chamber, United States House of Representatives, and it passed the Senate by a vote of 97–3 on October 27, 1993. 
The broad support is because the leg-
islation simply affirms our constitu-tionally endowed rights. But now sup-port for this formerly bipartisan, wide-ly supported law is eroding to the point 
that it has come under attack around the country, the recent events in Indi-ana being the recent highest profile ex-ample. I believe that this Congress must be 
a Congress of action in defending reli-gious freedoms. I understand that my good friend and colleague from Idaho, Mr. L
ABRADOR , is working on a bill to 
protect institutions and individuals who believe that marriage is between one man and one woman. I support this effort, and I look forward to being an 
original cosponsor when he introduces the bill. 
I am also a proud cosponsor of the 
Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act, which will ensure that adoption and foster care providers are not excluded by States for offering their services based on their religious beliefs. Unfor-tunately, some States have already begun punishing faith-based organiza-tions that provide these services be-cause of their religious beliefs. These religious freedom protections are need-ed now, and I hope they will be allowed a vote in this Chamber. 
We can’t do this alone. We do need 
the President, President Obama, to join with us to protect religious free-dom. The President said on June 26, 2013, regarding the U.S. Supreme Court decision to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act the following about reli-gious freedom: ‘‘On an issue as sen-sitive as this, knowing that Americans hold a wide range of views based on deeply held beliefs, maintaining our Nation’s commitment to religious free-dom is also vital.’’ 
b1500 
If the President really believes that 
religious freedom is ‘‘vital,’’ he must back his words up with action. That hasn’t happened. In fact, just the oppo-site has occurred, with the administra-tion’s attack on the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which attacks those who believe in religious freedom, through its HHS mandate and its at-tack on the Defense of Marriage Act. He is not protecting religious freedom. We have to do that here. 
We have a sacred obligation to pass 
on to our children and grandchildren a country that has the same love for lib-erty and religious freedom as the one we inherited, but this won’t happen on its own. We need to stand up and fight with courage and conviction, fight right here and right now. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from West Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY 
OF ALBERT MELVIN MILLER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.064 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3557 May 21, 2015 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the remarkable life and accomplishments of Mr. Albert Melvin Miller, who passed away on Sunday, May 10, at Inova Alexandria Hospital. 
Melvin was a well-known political 
and community leader in the city of Alexandria, Virginia. One of his crown-ing achievements was his work with the Alexandria Redevelopment and Housing Authority, protecting and ex-panding affordable housing programs across the city. 
Mel was a civil rights advocate, a 
mentor, and a beloved father. He was also a character: kind, interested, ever present, honest, hard-working, inspira-tional, and—above all—witty. Mel Mil-ler was a person you wanted to spend time with. 
Mel grew up in Haddonfield, New Jer-
sey, but his heart belonged to Raleigh, North Carolina, where his alma mater, Saint Augustine’s University, is lo-cated, and to his adopted hometown of Alexandria, Virginia. 
Graduating from Saint Aug’s in his-
tory and political science, he remained deeply involved with the school by serving on the board of trustees for 35 years and encouraging Alexandria’s students to attend his beloved univer-sity. 
After earning his JD from Howard 
University School of Law, Melvin was admitted to the Virginia State Bar and moved to Alexandria in 1958. Early in his Alexandria life, Melvin begin his civil rights activism and community involvement by doing pro bono work on school desegregation issues. 
This work led him to join an under-
ground association unofficially named the ‘‘Secret Seven,’’ which met to dis-cuss possible ways to discuss civil rights and liberties in Alexandria and the surrounding areas. This early local involvement led him to become a prominent figure in Alexandria’s edu-cation system and the authority and champion for affordable housing. 
Melvin’s work for the Department of 
Housing and Urban Development and the Alexandria Redevelopment and Housing Authority helped to provide housing for hundreds of Alexandria’s poor. His crowning achievement was a deal by Melvin between the city of Al-exandria and ARHA, which required any affordable housing that was de-stroyed to be matched one-for-one with new developments. That deal still stands largely untouched today. 
Mel was a tireless mentor of Alexan-
dria’s students and an avid high school sports fan. He could often be seen and heard giving advice to local students and cheering at high school sporting events. He also served on the Alexan-dria school board from 1986 to 1993, serving as board chair from 1990 to 1992. 
Mel is survived by his daughter, 
Ericka Miller; his son, Marc Miller, and wife, Mary; his grandchildren, Max, Chris, Zachary, and Bennett Mil-ler; his daughter-in-law, Vicky 
McCauley; and a host of other relatives and many friends. 
Melvin was preceded in death by son, 
Eric. His wife of nearly 5 years, Eula Miller, passed away in 2011. Eula was also a tremendous advocate for edu-cation in northern Virginia, having helped create many programs sup-porting caregivers and young mothers in local high schools and Northern Vir-ginia Community College. 
I offer my condolences to his family 
and all the people who have been af-fected by the loss of this amazing man. Mr. Albert Melvin Miller is a shining example of the effect one person can have on so many local lives. I hope his memory lives as an inspiration for local leaders to come. 
At his funeral yesterday, former T.C. 
Williams High School legendary foot-ball coach Herman Boone ended his eu-logy with the call to ‘‘Remember the Titan,’’ Melvin Miller. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mrs. N APOLITANO (at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on May 18, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 1191. A bill to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 606. To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
Karen L. Haas. Clerk of the House, 
further reported that on May 19, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 2252. To clarify the effective date of 
certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Friday, May 22, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 2487. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhancement Program to cover recipients of Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHRADER , Mr. B RADY of Texas, and 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana): 
H.R. 2488. A bill to preserve Medicare bene-
ficiary choice by restoring and expanding the Medicare open enrollment and disenrollment opportunities repealed by section 3204(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself and Mr. G
IB-
SON): 
H.R. 2489. A bill to amend the National 
Dam Safety Program Act to establish a pro-gram to provide grant assistance to States for the rehabilitation and repair of deficient dams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARINO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. S HUSTER ): 
H.R. 2490. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that the prohibition against interment or memorialization in the National Cemetery Administration or Ar-lington National Cemetery of persons com-mitting Federal or State capital crimes is consistently carried out, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to disinter the re-mains of George E. Siple from Indiantown Gap National Cemetery, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. S
AN-
FORD , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
and Mr. M ULLIN ): 
H.R. 2491. A bill to amend the William Wil-
berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to require consulta-tion with State and local elected officials and a public hearing before awarding grants or contracts for housing facilities for unac-companied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. GRAHAM (for herself, Mr. 
B
UCHANAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
NUGENT ): 
H.R. 2492. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Army to provide for modification of cer-tain Federal water resources development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.065 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3558 May 21, 2015 
projects on the Apalachicola, Chattahoo-
chee, and Flint Rivers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 2493. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to encourage the use of assistance dogs by certain members of the Armed Forces and veterans; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
CRENSHAW , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. 
CUELLAR ): 
H.R. 2494. A bill to support global anti- 
poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. L EE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. P INGREE , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. H AHN, 
Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IL-
DEE, and Mrs. D INGELL ): 
H.R. 2495. A bill making supplemental ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2016 for the TIGER Discretionary Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 2496. A bill to extend the authoriza-
tion for the replacement of the existing De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Center 
in Denver, Colorado, to make certain im-provements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. considered and passed. 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mrs. 
M
IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. H ARDY , and Mr. 
NUNES ): 
H.R. 2497. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a program to eliminate duplicative environmental reviews and approvals under State and Federal law of rail and highway projects, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARNEY (for himself, Mr. 
R
ENACCI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Miss R ICEof 
New York, and Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 2498. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 to require that the Congressional Budget Office prepare long- term estimates for reported bill and joint resolutions that would have significant fiscal impact, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
H
ANNA , Mr. B OST, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. G IBSON , 
and Mr. C URBELO of Florida): 
H.R. 2499. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mrs. 
R
OBY, and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 2500. A bill to authorize the Depart-
ment of Labor’s voluntary protection pro-
gram; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C OOK, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. 
GALLEGO ): 
H.R. 2501. A bill to require certain States 
to retain the Congressional redistricting plans in effect as of the first day of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress until such States carry out a redistricting plan in re-sponse to the apportionment of Representa-tives resulting from the regular decennial census conducted in 2020; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
N
EAL): 
H.R. 2502. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for bundled payments for certain episodes of care sur-rounding a hospitalization; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
B
OUSTANY , and Mr. R ENACCI ): 
H.R. 2503. A bill to amend title III of the 
Social Security Act to prevent the payment of unemployment benefits to incarcerated 
individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. S
AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2504. A bill to amend the Social Secu-
rity Act to make certain revisions to provi-sions limiting payment of benefits to fugi-
tive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. 
KIND): 
H.R. 2505. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require the annual re-porting of data on enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 2506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to delay the authority to terminate Medicare Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. P
ITTS, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 2507. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish an annual rulemaking schedule for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. A
SHFORD ): 
H.R. 2508. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to pro-hibit further reductions in sodium levels and to reinstate the grain-rich requirements ap-plicable to the national school lunch and breakfast programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARNEY ): 
H.R. 2509. A bill to amend certain provi-
sions of the Social Security Act relating to demonstration projects designed to promote the reemployment of unemployed workers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. S
MITH 
of Missouri, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R EED, 
Mr. N UNES , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mrs. 
NOEM, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. H OLDING , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. W ALBERG , 
and Mr. M OOLENAAR ): 
H.R. 2510. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify and make perma-nent bonus depreciation; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3559 May 21, 2015 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B OU-
STANY ): 
H.R. 2511. A bill to condition the eligiblity 
of disabled children aged 16 or 17 for supple-mental security income benefits on school attendance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2512. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to make clear that Federal em-ployees who receive back pay for a period during which they are furloughed due to a lapse in appropriations may not also receive unemployment compensation for the same period; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself and Mr. H
INOJOSA ): 
H.R. 2513. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of hospitals under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. Z INKE, Ms. 
MCSALLY , and Mr. S ABLAN ): 
H.R. 2514. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent veterans from being disqualified from contributing to health savings accounts by reason of receiv-ing medical care for service-connected dis-abilities under programs administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself and Ms. 
R
OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 2515. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act with respect to eating disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R USH, Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 2516. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans via tele-medicine; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself and Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 2517. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring energy tax incentives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mrs. 
L
OVE, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
RYANof Wisconsin, and Mrs. D AVIS of 
California): 
H.R. 2518. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to update reporting re-quirements for institutions of higher edu-cation and provide for more accurate and complete data on student retention, gradua-tion, and earnings outcomes at all levels of postsecondary enrollment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 2519. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for treatment of audiologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing audiology services under the Medicare program, to improve access to the audiology services available for coverage under the Medicare program and to enable beneficiaries to have their choice of a quali-fied audiologist to provide such services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself 
and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 2520. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of excise tax on distilled spirits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself, Mr. 
D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
KENNEDY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, and Mr. H AS-
TINGS ): 
H.R. 2521. A bill to reinstate Federal Pell 
Grant eligibility for individuals incarcerated in Federal and State penal institutions, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. 
J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. V EASEY , 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H.R. 2522. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program to award grants for the provision of fur-niture, household items, and other assist-ance to homeless veterans to facilitate their transition into permanent housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BOST (for himself, Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2523. A bill to make improvements to 
the antidumping and countervailing duty laws; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Ms. 
L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. K IND, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. R EED, and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 2524. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the limitations for deductible new business expenditures and to consolidate provisions for start-up and or-ganizational expenditures; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Ms. 
L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
TED LIEU of California, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. C OSTA , Ms. K USTER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. 
ROBY, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. A DAMS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. B OST, and 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois): 
H.R. 2525. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition and celebration of Hero Street USA; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. 
S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G RIFFITH , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. 
LOFGREN , and Mr. J ORDAN ): 
H.R. 2526. A bill to require automobile 
manufacturers to disclose to consumers the presence of event data recorders, or ‘‘black boxes’’, on new automobiles, and to require manufacturers to provide the consumer with the option to enable and disable such devices on future automobiles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Ms. 
S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
NADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
TONKO ): 
H.R. 2527. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne Sobelson Manford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 2528. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to States to pay the Federal share of carrying out full-day prekindergarten programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): 
H.R. 2529. A bill to establish limitations on 
the quantity of inorganic arsenic in rice and 
rice products under chapter IV of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. 
T
AKAI, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3560 May 21, 2015 
LIPINSKI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER ): 
H.R. 2530. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide for private lactation areas in the terminals of large and medium hub airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. 
R
IGELL , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K IND, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Ms. L OF-
GREN ): 
H.R. 2531. A bill to amend section 701 of the 
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to clarify the period of eligibility during which certain spouses are entitled to 
assistance under the Marine Gunnery Ser-geant John David Fry Scholarship; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: 
H.R. 2532. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclo-sures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-
self and Mr. W
EBER of Texas): 
H.R. 2533. A bill to amend the Foreign Re-
lations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 relating to local guard contracts abroad under the diplomatic security pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 2534. A bill to amend the Security and 
Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (the SAFE PORT Act) to administer a pilot program for 100 percent scanning of cargo containers at domestic ports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia): 
H.R. 2535. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a $1,000 refundable credit for individuals who are bona fide vol-unteer members of volunteer firefighting and emergency medical service organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Mr. 
H
ANNA , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. K ATKO ): 
H.R. 2536. A bill to provide access to medi-
cation-assisted therapy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIMES: 
H.R. 2537. A bill to provide for higher edu-
cation reform; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ENHAM ): 
H.R. 2538. A bill to take lands in Sonoma 
County, California, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 2539. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for an increase in the amount of monthly dependency and indem-nity compensation payable to surviving spouses by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TORof Florida, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 2540. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to raise awareness of, and to educate breast cancer patients antici-pating surgery, especially patients who are members of racial and ethnic minority groups, regarding the availability and cov-erage of breast reconstruction, prostheses, and other options; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. C
ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 2541. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to add Rhode Island to the Mid-At-lantic Fishery Management Council; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2542. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to establish requirements for releasing a cosigner from obligations of a private education loan, for the treatment of the loan upon the death or bankruptcy of a cosigner of the loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself and Mr. R
EICHERT ): 
H.R. 2543. A bill to establish a State Trade 
and Export Promotion Grant Program; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself, Mr. 
H
INOJOSA , Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. B UR-
GESS): 
H.R. 2544. A bill to amend the USEC Pri-
vatization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal excess uranium inventory management plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. B
RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
KINGof New York): 
H.R. 2545. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Education to award grants to educational organizations to carry out educational pro-grams about the Holocaust; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. L
YNCH , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts): 
H.R. 2546. A bill to prohibit the sale of a 
firearm to, and the purchase of a firearm by, a person who is not covered by appropriate liability insurance coverage; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2547. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the development of accelerated approval de-velopment plans for investigational drugs and biological products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2548. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act with respect to a na-tional pediatric research network; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2549. A bill to amend the HITECH Act 
with respect to accessing, sharing, and using health data for research purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2550. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare pay-ment incentives to transition from tradi-tional x-ray imaging to digital radiography, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
PETERS , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. B OST, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. G OSAR , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, and Mr. H URDof Texas): 
H.R. 2551. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that veterans may at-tend pre-apprenticeship programs using cer-tain educational assistance provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mrs. 
E
LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. 
SIRES): 
H.R. 2552. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security from procuring certain items directly related to the na-tional security unless the items are grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. 
B
UCHANAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
and Mr. C RENSHAW ): 
H.R. 2553. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to conduct coastal community vulnerability assessments re-lated to ocean acidification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 2554. A bill to designate certain lands 
in the State of Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem, to designate the Tenmile Recreation Management Area and Porcupine Gulch Pro-tection Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2555. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program to award grants to nonprofit veterans service organizations to upgrade the community fa-cilities of such organizations; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2556. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to repeal the authorization for program development and implementation grants for coastal recre-ation water quality monitoring and notifica-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. SCALISE: 
H.R. 2557. A bill to promote new manufac-
turing in the United States by providing for greater transparency and timeliness in ob-taining necessary permits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself and 
Ms. B
ONAMICI ): 
H.R. 2558. A bill to authorize the provision 
of health care for certain individuals exposed to environmental hazards at Atsugi Naval Air Facility, to establish an advisory board to examine exposures to environmental haz-ards at such Air Facility, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3561 May 21, 2015 
and in addition to the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. G OHMERT , Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): 
H.R. 2559. A bill to designate the ‘‘PFC Mil-
ton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial High-way’’ in the State of Texas; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself and Mr. 
N
EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 2560. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to waive any emission standard or other requirement under section 112 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7412) applicable to the control of asbestos emissions in the dem-olition or renovation of a condemned build-ing for which there is a reasonable expecta-tion of structural failure; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. 
B
EATTY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , and 
Mr. T URNER ): 
H.R. 2561. A bill to authorize the President 
to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Paul A. Smithhisler for acts of valor in November 1918 during World War I; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 2562. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the special ex-pensing rules for certain film and television productions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and 
Mr. B
EYER ): 
H.R. 2563. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to allow States to regulate tow truck operations; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
K
INZINGER of Illinois): 
H.R. 2564. A bill to accelerate the adoption 
of smart building technologies in the private sector and key Federal agencies; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 2565. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to restore the regular Medicaid matching rate for newly eligible in-dividuals under the Affordable Care Act and to apply up to $15 billion of the savings each year to the Highway Trust Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, 
Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. 
NOLAN ): 
H.R. 2566. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. H
UN-
TER, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
KNIGHT ): 
H.R. 2567. A bill to posthumously award 
the Congressional Gold Medal to each of Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
COLE, Mr. D OLD, Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R IGELL , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mrs. L UMMIS , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B UCK, Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P EARCE , Mrs. R OBY, 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F LEMING , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. D UNCAN  
of South Carolina, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia): 
H. Con. Res. 49. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the daisy as the flower for military caregivers; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H. Con. Res. 50. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that an appro-priate site in the Memorial Amphitheater in Arlington National Cemetery should be pro-vided for a memorial marker to honor the memory of those who have been awarded or are eligible for the Korean Defense Service Medal who are missing in action, are unac-counted for, or died in-theater; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition 
to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey): 
H. Con. Res. 51. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives regarding the execution-style murders 
of United States citizens Ylli, Agron, and Mehmet Bytyqi in the Republic of Serbia in July 1999; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
RUSH): 
H. Res. 280. A resolution honoring the 
House music genre and its ‘‘Godfather’’, the late Frankie Knuckles of Chicago, Illinois, for valuable and longstanding contributions to the culture of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): 
H. Res. 281. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time ille-gal border crossers; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
A
DERHOLT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. D ENT, and Mr. D ELANEY ): 
H. Res. 282. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of May as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Mr. B
ECERRA , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H. Res. 283. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of Asian/Pacific American Herit-age Month in May as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H. Res. 284. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of National Caribbean American Heritage Month; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H. Res. 285. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should become an inter-national human rights leader by ratifying and implementing certain core international conventions; to the Committee on Foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3562 May 21, 2015 
Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 2487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘Clause 12, 13 or 14 of section 8 of article I 
of the Constititution’’. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 2488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 2490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 2491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 2492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN: 
H.R. 2493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8: to provide for the Com-
mon Defense 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 2494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 9, clause 7 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 2496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 18 (the nec-
essary and proper clause). 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 2497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among 
the several States), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 2500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 2501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to determine the 
boundaries of districts for the election of Representatives in Congress pursuant to the authority given to make or alter regulations of the times, places and manner of holding elections for Representatives by Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2502. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 2504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 2506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 2508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 2509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution—‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ 
By Mr. TIBERI 
H.R. 2510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 7 and Article 1, Section 
8 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 2511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2512. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 2516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13, 14, and 
18 
The Congress shall have Power***to raise 
and support armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3563 May 21, 2015 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. he Congress en-acts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 2518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional Authority for the Act 
is derived from Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 2521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is authorized to enact this legis-
lation under the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Addi-tionally, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to the Preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘to promote the general welfare.’’ 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 2522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S 
Constitution 
By Mr. BOST: 
H.R. 2523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, of Article 1 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 2524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 2525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 2526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 2527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power [. . .] To establish Post Offices and post roads;’’ 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 2528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 2530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I of the Constitution of 
the United States of America: 
‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted 
shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: 
H.R. 2531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority to enact this 
legislation can be found in: 
Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 sec. 8 
cl. 18) 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: 
H.R. 2532. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 1 & 18. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: 
H.R. 2533. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which allows the regu-lation of interstate and foreign commerce. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 2534. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 2535. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is enumerated in Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides that ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Du-ties, Imports, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imports and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. HIGGINS: H.R. 2536. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HIMES: 
H.R. 2537. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 2538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 2539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8; Article IV, Section 3. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 2540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United 
States Constitution 
This states that ‘‘Congress shall have 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 2541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate 
Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes and Article 1 Section 8, Clause 1 to provide for the common defense 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Spending Authorization: Article I Section 8 Clause 3: ‘‘Congress 
shall have power . . . to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘Congress 
shall have power . . . to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’; 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through administering of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.037 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3564 May 21, 2015 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the National Institutes of Health under the Public Health Service Act. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the regulations and provisions under Title 42 of the United States Code. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through administering of the Social Security Act. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY: 
H.R. 2551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clasue 12; ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have the power to . . . raise and support armies . . . 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 13 ‘‘To provide 
and maintain a navy’’ And, 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18; ‘‘To make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution’’ 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 2552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 2553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 2554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 relating to the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-tory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 2555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SCALISE: 
H.R. 2557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 12; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 13; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 14; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 2559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Con-
stitution; and Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. STEFANIK: 
H.R. 2560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 2561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. To make 
Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 2562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, which gives Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises . . .’’ 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 2563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 3 of 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 2565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII. Clause VII 
To establish post offices and post roads; 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: 
H.R. 2566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power to regulate Commerce among the several states. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 2567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 24: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 139: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 167: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 220: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 235: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
KATKO , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M ICA, Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. R YAN of 
Wisconsin, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
GUINTA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. E STY, and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 292: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 381: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 413: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 427: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 456: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 465: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 475: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 486: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 539: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 578: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 607: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 616: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 627: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 628: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 662: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 703: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 721: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 727: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 745: Mr. W HITFIELD and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 765: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 766: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 768: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 793: Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
and Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 815: Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 828: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 837: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 845: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 864: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 879: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. W ALDEN , and 
Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 893: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. N EAL, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.040 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3565 May 21, 2015 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S HERMAN , and 
Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 913: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 915: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 923: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 970: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 973: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. T URNER , Mrs. R OBY, and Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 986: Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. B ABIN, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1141: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1150: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ARCHANT , and 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 1192: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. B OST, and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
POEof Texas. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1214: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1256: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 1284: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. T IPTON , and 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
GIBBS. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1482: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 1537: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mrs. D AVIS of 
California. 
H.R. 1565: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. P ERRY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1572: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1575: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1576: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 1598: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1608: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
CICILLINE , and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1611: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1680: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1692: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1716: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1717: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1734: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. 
WALZ. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 1786: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1801: Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER , and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 1830: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1842: Mrs. N OEMand Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1858: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 1859: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1893: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 1905: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1908: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1910: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1911: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1924: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1953: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1964: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
RIBBLE . 
H.R. 1969: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1989: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER and Mr. 
GIBBS. 
H.R. 1996: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2008: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2013: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. S IRES and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
ROUZER , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. L ONG, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . 
H.R. 2070: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 2082: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2100: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2123: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. K LINE, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ECKof Ne-
vada, and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2193: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2200: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2205: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2213: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2218: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 2221: Ms. E STY, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2233: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
CICILLINE , and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2244: Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 2251: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. R IBBLE , and 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 2280: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2289: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. 
THORNBERRY , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 2295: Mr. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 2302: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2304: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2318: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2328: Mr. B ARRand Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2330: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2341: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 2350: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2371: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2379: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2391: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2393: Mr. B RAT, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 2398: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 2407: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
KIND, Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
TONKO . 
H.R. 2429: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
HECK of Washington, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H.R. 2481: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. S IRES. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.J. Res. 47: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H. Con. Res. 36: Mr. P OLIS and Ms. N ORTON . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Ms. M ENG. 
H. Res. 230: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H. Res. 233: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H. Res. 262: Mr. T ONKO and Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Res. 268: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 279: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1622: Mr. S CHIFF . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.013 H21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3201 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2015 No. 79 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, from generation to 
generation we will speak of Your great-ness. Your voice is full of majesty, and we sense Your glory in the thunder. You sit enthroned as King forever. Thank You for the strength You give to all who love You and for the bless-ings You bestow upon America. 
Lord, bless our Senators. Today, 
guide their thoughts and speech. Lead them on paths that will keep our Na-tion strong. May they conduct the work of freedom with justice and hu-mility. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 87, H.R. 
2048, a bill to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the produc-tion of certain business records, conduct 
electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intel-ligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the motion to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devises, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, Mi-
chael B. Enzi, David Vitter, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, Lisa Murkowski, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Pat Rob-erts, Roy Blunt, Bob Corker, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Patrick J. Toomey, Mike Lee, Ted Cruz. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
withdraw the motion to proceed to H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has that right. 
The motion is withdrawn. 
f 
EXTENDING AUTHORITY UNDER 
THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to S. 1357. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 86, S. 
1357, a bill to extend authority relating to roving surveillance, access to business 
records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the motion to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 1357, a bill to extend au-thority relating to roving surveillance, ac-cess to business records, and individual ter-rorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Daniel 
Coats, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Pat Roberts, Richard Burr, John Barrasso, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, David Perdue, Lamar Alexander, Mi-chael B. Enzi, David Vitter, Johnny Isakson, Roy Blunt. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion on the Hatch amend-ment, No. 1221, be waived. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REID. No objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —H.R. 2353 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3202 May 21, 2015 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceeding. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will shortly vote on cloture—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will suspend. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
Pending: 
Hatch amendment No. 1221, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
Hatch (for Flake) amendment No. 1243 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program. 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) modified amend-
ment No. 1312 (to amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for nego-tiating and entering into free trade agree-ments. 
Hatch (for McCain) amendment No. 1226 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative inspection and grading program. 
Stabenow (for Portman) amendment No. 
1299 (to amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal negotiating objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agreements. 
Brown amendment No. 1251 (to amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress before additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. 
Wyden (for Shaheen) amendment No. 1227 
(to amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses. 
Wyden (for Warren) amendment No. 1327 
(to amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the ap-plication of the trade authorities procedures to an implementing bill submitted with re-
spect to a trade agreement that includes in-vestor-state dispute settlement. 
Hatch modified amendment No. 1411 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by amend-ment No. 1299), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will shortly vote on cloture on the Hatch substitute amendment, legisla-tion to renew trade promotion author-ity and trade adjustment assistance. I know some of my colleagues have con-cerns about the process. Let me say that I also share those concerns. 
From the very beginning of our dis-
cussions over 3 years ago on the re-newal of TPA, I have done all I could to listen to all of my colleagues and ad-dress their concerns. 
I first worked with Chairman Baucus 
to find a way to update TPA in a way that addresses many of the issues that have arisen since 2002, including con-cerns over labor and the environment. 
When Senator W
YDEN became chair-
man of the Finance Committee, I again went to the negotiating table to try to address many of the transparency and procedural issues he raised, and we again came to a bipartisan com-promise. 
When many of my Senate colleagues 
said renewal of TAA was a necessary component to passing TPA, I again did my best to meet those concerns, even though I myself have significant res-ervations about the program. 
Throughout the Finance Committee 
consideration, I tried to conduct an open and fair process, which allowed many Members of the committee, even those who opposed TPA, the oppor-tunity to be heard and to have their amendments adopted. As a result, the committee reported out four pieces of trade legislation, all with strong bipar-tisan support. 
I will acknowledge that the process 
on the floor has not gone the way any of us would like. At the outset of this endeavor, I stated my commitment to a full, fair, and open debate over our TPA legislation. The majority leader made a similar commitment, and I know that was our intention. Indeed, from the very beginning, we had planned to hear everyone’s arguments and consider a number of amendments. 
This is how the Senate is supposed to 
function. Once again, we intended to let it function that way. Unfortu-nately, there were some who did not want to let that happen. They were, from the very beginning, committed to slow-walking this process and pre-venting regular order. That is just a fact. 
I know there are some who want to 
blame the majority leader for filing cloture and trying to move this process forward. I am sure some are thinking of voting against cloture this morning in protest. That would be a grave mis-take. 
Let me remind my colleagues that we 
tried to move to the bill at the begin-ning of last week. I know, after the 
many recent long days on the floor, that seems like a long time ago, but I think everyone here can recall what happened. 
We attempted to get on the bill, and 
we were prevented from doing so. After we found a way to address our col-leagues’ concerns, we were finally able to begin debate on the TPA bill, but even then the process was slow-going. 
As debate began, the majority leader 
attempted to keep the Senate open on Friday and into the weekend to allow Senators to debate and offer amend-ments. However, the Senate minority leader objected, which prevented the process from moving forward and set us back even further. 
Then, we came to this week and de-
bate finally began in earnest. Shortly thereafter, a new strategy emerged, wholly supported by the opponents of TPA. The strategy has been simple: Prevent any amendments from being called up and object to any and all unanimous consent requests. 
I have been here on the floor all 
week, and I have witnessed firsthand the deployment of this plan to frus-trate the process and to prevent a full and fair debate on trade policy. Now here we are facing a cloture vote and the prospect of cutting off debate. It is unfortunate that it has come to this, but given the total lack of cooperation we faced and continue to face on this bill, this is really the only option left. 
Invoking cloture is not the end. If we 
can get agreement with our colleagues, I expect there will still be opportuni-ties to call up and vote on amend-ments, but we cannot just sit around and wait for solutions to come together on their own. 
If any Senator has a proposal for a 
path forward that will reasonably sat-isfy the various demands and objec-tions that have been raised and allow us to break the logjam on amendments, I am all ears. Until then, our only choice is to press forward. We could ex-tend this debate forever and still not satisfy every demand; there is no ques-tion about that. But this bill is far too important. 
I have done all I can to address legiti-
mate concerns, and as a result, the bill is supported by me, Chairman R
YAN 
from the House Ways and Means Com-mittee, Ranking Member W
YDEN from 
the Finance Committee, and, most im-portantly, the President of the United States. 
Let’s be real here. We need to get 
this bill passed. Just this morning, I read that a ministerial that was to begin this month has been canceled, in large part due to the fact that Congress has not approved this bill. 
Our Nation’s economic health and 
prestige are on the line here today. The TPA bill is the only way Congress can effectively assert its priorities in our ongoing trade negotiations. It is the only way we can ensure that our trade negotiators can reach good deals with our trading partners. It is the only way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3203 May 21, 2015 
we can ensure that our pending trade 
agreements even have a shot at reach-ing the finish line. 
As I have stated many times here on 
the floor this week, I am well aware that some of our colleagues here in the Senate oppose this bill outright and will do everything in their power to keep it from passing. As much as I have tried to change hearts and minds on these issues, there is very little I can do about that. But I also know that there is a bipartisan majority of Sen-ators who support TPA and who, de-spite concerns about process, want to get this done. We are still in a position to reach a positive outcome on this bill. 
I said at the beginning of this debate 
that this was quite possibly the most important debate we will have this year in Congress. It is President Obama’s top legislative priority. It is a very high priority for many of us in Congress. On the substance, this is a good TPA bill, one Senators from both parties can support. It needs to pass. We need to pass it for the American workers who want good, high-paying jobs. We need to pass it for our farm-ers, ranchers, manufacturers, and en-trepreneurs who need access to foreign markets in order to compete. We need to pass it to maintain our standing in the world and continue to advance American values and interests on the world stage. We need to pass it to dem-onstrate to the American people that despite our many disagreements, their elected representatives are capable of addressing important issues and solv-ing real problems. 
There is a path forward here, one 
that will still allow us to be successful, but in order to get there, we need Sen-ators to support cloture this morning. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
voting yes on cloture. It is crucial, it is of paramount concern, and it is some-thing very highly wished for by the President of the United States and by a bipartisan majority in this body. 
I hope we will vote yes on cloture 
here today. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the Presiding 
Officer for giving me the opportunity to share some remarks. 
I do believe Senator H
ATCH and Sen-
ator W YDEN allowed a good debate in 
the committee. Unfortunately, we have not been able to have the kinds of amendments here on the floor that they allowed in the committee, so we are moving to this massive bill with very little debate, even on the fast- track policy. If that is adopted and TPP appears before us here on the floor, there will be no amendments on it. 
In a few moments, we will vote on 
whether to shut off debate on the fast- track authority legislation. I see no reason that we have to rush this. 
I will just note that we have the 
highway bill expiring, and we have the PATRIOT Act expiring. Those are cri-
ses which need to be dealt with this week. This bill does not have to be done in that fashion. 
This will be a crucial vote. Fast- 
track is an affirmative decision by Congress to suspend several of its most basic powers for the next 6 years and to delegate those powers to the Chief Ex-ecutive. 
Under the fast-track procedure, the 
President, not Congress, writes imple-menting legislation for any yet-unseen global trade pact. That legislation, no matter its contents, cannot be amend-ed in any fashion. No individual Mem-ber of Congress can alter any line of text or remove a single provision that violates the will of Congress. That leg-islation, once called up, is guaranteed a speedy path forward—only 20 hours of debate—and the vote threshold is low-ered to a simple majority. No matter how far-reaching the global trade agreement, Congress cannot subject it to the 60 votes applied to important legislation before the Senate or the 67 votes applied to treaties, as it really should be. Congress will have preapproved swift consideration of sweeping global pacts before the text has been made available and seen by a single Member of this body or the American people. 
As usual through these processes— 
and too often—amendments are being constricted and blocked through one maneuver or another. The net result is we are coming down to a cloture vote without any amendments having been voted on. 
Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, I sent a 
letter to the President of the United States asking how fast-track and the vast Trans-Pacific Partnership would impact the jobs and wages of American workers. It is a simple question. Would it increase or reduce manufacturing jobs and wages in the United States? Shouldn’t we know that? Is that an im-proper question to ask? He has refused to answer. I think the reason he has re-fused to answer is because the answer is not good and will not be well re-ceived. They want us to shut off debate and move forward without having these fundamental questions answered. 
For too long, the United States has 
entered into trade deals on the promise of economic bounty, only to see work-ers impoverished and businesses dis-appear. Dan DiMicco, the chairman Emeritus of Nucor Steel, explains that this is because these free-trade deals have not been free-trade deals at all. Instead, they have been ‘‘unilateral trade disarmament,’’ where we lower our barriers to foreign imports but they retain their barriers to our ex-ports to those countries. This is what is fundamentally at stake here. A lot of people, in their religious view of free trade, don’t care whether other coun-tries have barriers. Their view is that we should welcome more imports. Mr. DiMicco has called this the ‘‘enablement of foreign mercantilism,’’ a philosophy of trade that is too often present around the world and certainly 
in the Asian sector. 
Consider this in the context of auto-
mobiles. The Wall Street Journal pub-lished a story 2 days ago about how the American auto sector could be jeopard-ized by TPP. The Journal wrote: 
In the transportation sector, led by cars, 
the TPP could boost imports by an extra $30.8 billion by 2025, compared with an ex-ports gain of $7.8 billion. 
So the imports of automobiles would 
increase by $30.8 billion and our ex-ports would increase by only $7.8 bil-lion. That was a study written by Peter Petri, professor of international fi-nance at Brandeis University. 
Well, having dramatically more im-
ports than exports is not going to add jobs. Perhaps that is why we cannot get an answer. In other words, job-kill-ing imports would vastly exceed any growth in foreign exports, thereby put-ting more Americans out of work. 
We have seen this story before. The 
South Korea trade deal—and I sup-ported that. I have great respect for the South Korean and the Japanese business acumen. But the South Ko-rean trade deal, which was supposed to boost our exports by more than $10 bil-lion, actually ended up increasing our exports less than $1 billion. If truth be known, it was $0.8 billion. Instead, the deal boosted South Korean imports to our country by more than $12 billion and nearly doubled the trade gap be-tween our two nations, which was al-ready large. 
They say: Well, this time it is dif-
ferent. Trust us. Give us 6 more years of executive authority to pass any global deal we like under fast-track. No deal has ever been blocked. 
Well, respectfully, the American peo-
ple don’t trust you. Here is what the Pew Poll reported recently: Twenty percent of Americans think these trade agreements create jobs and 50 percent say it destroys jobs. 
Have we been adding jobs in manu-
facturing or losing jobs in manufac-turing? We have been losing jobs in manufacturing. Are the American peo-ple so wrong in that conclusion? Forty- five percent of Americans think trade reduces wages; only 17 percent say it increases them. By contrast, 72 percent of Vietnamese believe this trade agree-ment would increase their salaries. 
Because TPP is a living agreement, it 
can be changed after adoption. It says in the language of the agreement where it has this living agreement language that this is unprecedented. This is the first time this has been put in a trade agreement. The Congressional Re-search Service tells us that, too. 
We are now creating a foreign inter-
national entity—one more inter-national entity—with a commission that meets and votes and makes deci-sions that are binding on the United States of America. Frankly, I think this great Nation is exposing itself to too many of these agreements. Tying down the ability of the world’s greatest power and economic engine, the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3204 May 21, 2015 
States, is weakening our ability to 
function in a way that sovereignty should allow us to function. Dan-gerously, this agreement creates a new governing global authority that would add new members of their choice, change the terms of the agreement, and even subject U.S. citizens to its ruling—adjudicated in an international tribunal. 
It is time for Congress to defend its 
shareholders—our shareholders—the 
American people. It is time to return to the regular order and to the prin-ciples of sound governance and to as-sert, not surrender, the power of Con-gress to the overreaching Chief Execu-tive. I am therefore going to oppose shutting off debate that actually has not even begun. 
I am frustrated that two of my rea-
sonable amendments that I think would have had a very good chance of passing have been blocked and appar-ently will not get a vote. I don’t think we have any need to shut off the debate today and to advance to a bill where we have had too few amendments and where we have had a steadfast refusal by the President of the United States, who is pushing every way he can to get this agreement adopted, until he an-swers the question: Will it improve 
manufacturing or further reduce manu-facturing, as our previous agreement with South Korea did? It reduced man-ufacturing. Will it increase jobs or re-duce jobs? All they promised—and they promised this repeatedly—is that it will increase jobs in the export sector. They don’t say what it will do on net, when we have three, four times as many imports as we do exports, on net. As in the past, it appears this agree-ment will clearly reduce jobs and re-duce wages as well, and reduce manu-facturing. 
We can’t have a strong nation with-
out a manufacturing sector—we just cannot. We can’t be a strong nation without a steel industry—we just can-not. We need to ensure in these trade agreements—when we open our mar-kets, what these countries want so des-perately is access to the U.S. market. That is something of great value. We should not give it away until they agree to open their markets. That is what a good deal is. That is not what is in this deal, and it will not be in the agreement. It will be like previous agreements. 
Mr. President, how much time is left 
on this side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
13 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I don’t see any oth-
ers here. I will just discuss this a little bit more. 
When Mr. Damico, who has been in-
volved in world trade competition for years, said we are enabling mer-cantilism, what he is saying is that our trading partners have a goal that we don’t seem to have, and that is to maximize their exports and minimize their imports. 
They want access to the U.S. market. 
They have a mercantilist philosophy, and that is what it is, really. That phi-
losophy allows them to put up nontrade barriers, nontariff barriers, to use currency manipulation and other tactics to make it difficult for the United States to penetrate their mar-ket. They say they have signed a trade agreement, and they will agree on tar-iffs, for example, but they still, on net, don’t open their market as effectively as we open our markets. That is the re-ality. 
As a result, we have had a continual 
decline in manufacturing. We have seen a surge in our trade deficits. March was the highest trade deficit in almost a decade. The whole first quar-ter was horrible. Our trade deficits are increasing. 
If this agreement is passed, will it in-
crease or decrease our trade deficits? Isn’t that a fair question to ask? Will it increase or decrease our trade deficits? They will not answer. Unfortunately, the answer is it is going to increase our trade deficits. We know that. If it were not true, they would be hollering about how it is going to greatly reduce our trade deficits. They would be saying, on net, we are going to have more jobs. They would say wages would go up. 
The truth is we are not negotiating 
these agreements effectively, and the net result is it is going to weaken man-ufacturing, allow a reduction in jobs, and really put downward pressure on wages. 
I hate to have to oppose this legisla-
tion at this time, but I have come to that conclusion. I have supported most of the trade agreements in the past. 
I understand that we are in a global 
economy, and we have trading partners around the world. There is no way we are going to reverse that. Globalism is here to stay. We need to be a part of it. But it is time for our Nation to protect our manufacturing and our workers from unfair competition. 
We cannot take the view, as some do 
and say openly, that if our competitors manipulate their currency to make their products cheaper and they pene-trate our market and close American businesses as a result—we cannot say: That is all right; we have cheaper prod-ucts. Don’t worry about it. In the long run, somewhere along the way, it will all work out. 
That is a guiding principle for the 
people pushing this legislation. They won’t admit it, at least the politicians won’t, publicly, but we know that is the guiding principle. I say that is a mistake. I say that is an extreme posi-tion. I say that we do have an interest in protecting our jobs, our manufac-turing, and the ability of the American people to have a good job, to have a re-tirement plan, to have an insurance policy. I think that is important. 
So I urge that we back off this agree-
ment now. Let’s reevaluate it and have the President of the United States an-swer the question: Will we create high-
er wages or lower wages? Will we in-crease manufacturing or reduce manu-facturing? Will we increase wages or not? I thank the Chair, and I reserve the 
remainder of the time on this side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I echo 
the words of Senator S
ESSIONS , my col-
league from Alabama. 
These free-trade deals are not free 
trade. If they were free trade, they would be a couple of pages long that simply listed the tariffs that we are eliminating as incentives. Instead, these are a collection of special inter-est deals that take us somewhere else from where the proponents said they would. 
Senator S
ESSIONS said something in-
teresting: This is really about jobs. They would be making claims about jobs. Instead, they make claims about geopolitics in China and all of that. That is fine, but there are certainly other ways to deal with that better than we have. 
We have seen big promises. We saw 
them from the first President Bush as he negotiated NAFTA. We saw them from President Clinton when he pushed NAFTA through Congress. We saw them from President Clinton on PNTR with China, which was not a trade deal but certainly acted like one in many ways in terms of what happened with China then. We saw them with the sec-ond President Bush with the Central America Free Trade Agreement. And we are seeing them now with President Obama and South Korea. 
On South Korea, President Obama’s 
administration promised an increase of 70,000 jobs and promised wages would go up. They always say more jobs, higher wages, but then we ended up los-ing 75,000 jobs under the South Korea Free Trade Agreement. 
Today we are voting on whether to 
end debate on the fast-track bill. If people are a little confused, it is very understandable. We are going to end debate, but we have barely begun it. 
Historically, when we do trade agree-
ments in this town—as bad as they have turned out to be for the American public and working families in places such as Reno and Cleveland, and small-er towns such as Mansfield and Lima, and really small towns such as Jack-son, OH—when we passed these trade agreements, at least we have had open debate where we could offer amend-ments. The last time we did fast-track legislation on the Senate floor, there were 3 weeks of debate. This is about 3 days. We considered 50 amendments. We have considered two so far. 
The majority leader came to the 
floor at the end of the first full day of debate and said we are filing cloture to shut down debate. At the end of the first full day of debate, they began the process of shutting down debate. The majority leader promised an open proc-ess. 
I don’t get it when my Democratic 
colleagues—I guess I get it with the free-trade fundamentalists here and people who are not as independent as Senator S
ESSIONS and the total party 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3205 May 21, 2015 
loyalists who will always vote with 
their leadership. But I don’t get it when Democrats in this body, who real-ly do genuinely care about workers, as do many Republicans—why they are willing to shut down debate because the majority leader says let’s shut down debate. 
We had two votes on Monday night 
and none since. Six amendments are pending, but votes for them haven’t been scheduled. Two hundred amend-ments have been filed. At least 30 Sen-ators have filed amendments and a number of Senators have filed multiple amendments. We have 200 amendments filed and 2 votes and 6 amendments pending, even though the 6 amend-ments that are pending don’t have any schedule on how they are going to be dealt with. At least one of them has been second-degreed, basically obvi-ating or taking away any ability to vote strictly on that amendment. We had two votes on Monday night, no votes on this issue since, and as for the six amendments themselves, who knows how they are going to be dis-posed of. That is an open process? 
People on my side of the aisle are 
willing to vote to shut down debate when 25 of their Democratic colleagues and another—I don’t know, a half dozen; I don’t know how many Repub-licans—are also offering amendments. So 200 amendments have been filed by—I just found this. Forty-six Sen-ators have actually filed 200 amend-ments on an issue we haven’t consid-ered in 13 years, and we are going to shut down debate at the end of the first full day of consideration. 
We had a truly open legislative proc-
ess the last time we did it. I think it was a Republican Senate at the time. It was a very closely divided Senate. We have been promised repeatedly that is what this underlying bill deserves. It is what the American people deserve. 
Keep in mind this fast-track legisla-
tion means that we will be consid-ering—it opens the process, opens the door to two trade agreements that en-compass 60 percent of the world’s econ-omy. Forty percent of the world’s econ-omy is in the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship and an additional 20 percent with the United States and the European Union, the so-called TTIP agreement. Again, after two votes, the majority leader filed for cloture at the end of the first full day of debate. 
We are not being unreasonable. We 
have played this straight. We are sim-ply asking for the Senate to debate this important legislation. I really don’t understand how any Senator in either party, when half of the Senate has offered amendments—200 of them and counting and every day there are more amendments offered—how we can shut down debate when 200 amend-ments have been filed by 46 Senators. We are simply asking for votes on our amendments. I don’t care when we complete it. I don’t care if we right now defeat cloture and then come up with some kind of a UC to give us votes on 25 or 50 of these amendments with 
time scheduled so we can finish. I don’t care if we finish today or Friday or Saturday or Sunday or stay to Memo-rial Day or come back a week after Me-morial Day and finish. It really doesn’t matter about the time. I know a lot of my colleagues don’t want to go home this week and have people who are angry because they know these trade agreements don’t serve the public in-terest, and we know there are millions of Americans who have lost jobs be-cause of decisions we make here. 
We make decisions here that throw 
people out of work. Even the Wall Street Journal editorial page, the greatest cheerleader—the most vig-orous, vociferous cheerleader for free trade of any newspaper in the country, I believe—even they acknowledge that people are thrown out of work from trade agreements because of the dis-location. We are going to leave here and vote on this without even having amendments on how to take care of those workers and how to do trade en-forcement. It simply doesn’t make sense. 
Amendments such as the Brown- 
Portman Leveling the Playing Field Act amendment include much-needed trade enforcement provisions in this trade promotion bill. It was for all in-tents and purposes unanimously ac-cepted in the Finance Committee. It has all kinds of Republican cosponsor-ships and all kinds of Democrat co-sponsorships. My colleagues in the leadership in both parties, even though the leadership in both parties doesn’t reflect the majority of the Members of both parties—that is the way it is sometimes—but we are asking for a vote on that. We haven’t been given that yet—an actual vote. There have been promises, but there has been nothing really substantive in the end. 
These provisions on a level playing 
field are supported by the White House and by House Republicans who have asked them to be included in fast- track. They are supported by numbers of U.S. industries that face an on-slaught of unfairly traded imports and need our trade remedy laws to be as strong as possible. 
We are not debating the Brown- 
Portman amendment. We are not de-bating any amendments. We are simply rushing to conclude consideration of this fast-track bill. 
We are fast-tracking this whole idea 
of a fast-track process. Why is that good for our country or our workers or our small manufacturers and the sup-ply chains of all of these big indus-tries? Why is that good for our commu-nities? 
We have waited 8 years, and this has 
to be done today. Eight years we have waited for this. We had one full day of debate. Then the majority leader shut down the debate, after one full day of debate. 
What we do in this fast-track bill will 
have implications for years to come. It will affect the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship and the Transatlantic Trade and 
Investment Partnership, both perma-nent trade agreements that represent more than half the world’s economy. 
I ask unanimous consent for 2 addi-
tional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. This will affect both 
TPP, 40 percent of the world’s econ-omy, and then a year or so later, TTIP, the Transatlantic Trade and Invest-ment Partnership, the United States- European Union agreement—both per-manent trade agreements. There is 40 percent in TPP of the world’s economy, and 20 percent in TTIP of the world’s economy. These are permanent trade agreements that represent a huge part of the world’s economy. 
This bill will affect global labor 
standards, it will affect global environ-mental standards, it will affect inter-national intellectual property stand-ards, and more and more and more. That is why Senator S
ESSIONS has spo-
ken out so effectively against it. That is why people in both parties are insist-ing they get these amendments, that they are voting against cloture until they get these amendments—Members of this body who have supported clo-ture in the past for a whole host of things. 
Why we are rushing to end debate be-
fore it has truly begun is mystifying. Regardless of whether they support or oppose the underlying bill, I hope my colleagues recognize the importance of getting fast-track legislation right— not getting it done by Memorial Day, some artificial deadline that somebody somewhere set but getting this trade legislation right. 
The Senate has not given the under-
lying bill the attention and delibera-tion it deserves. It has not given the amendment process the ability to—let alone to work its way through but even to get off the ground. I urge my col-leagues to vote against cloture and en-sure that a reasonable number of amendments get considered. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I can re-
port there has been an all-night effort to try to work out this issue to bring parties together, particularly around our colleagues being able to offer more amendments, and on the issue of the Export-Import Bank—something I favor very strongly, and Senator C
ANT-
WELL makes a very important point 
that we have trade agreements, but it is also important to have financing tools, which is what the Export-Import Bank is all about. So we have been working throughout the night trying to address both of those issues, Export- Import Bank and the question of our colleagues being able to offer more amendments. 
When you hear the words ‘‘TPA’’ and 
‘‘TPP,’’ it sounds like a company that has been through too many mergers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3206 May 21, 2015 
but the fact is these terms are enor-
mously important to America’s eco-nomic future. Our markets are basi-cally open. Many countries hit us with double- and triple-digit tariffs on our exports. Export jobs often pay better than the nonexport jobs do because there is a lot of value added in the process. 
The vote today will begin the efforts 
to replace the outdated trade rules of the 1990s with a modern set of trade rules that can help America get more of those good-paying jobs. 
When you talk about international 
trade, the first thing you have to focus on is the estimate is, in the developing world, there are going to be about 1 bil-lion middle-class consumers. Those are middle-class consumers with money— money in their pockets—and they can buy American goods and American services. They can buy our wonderful ag products like Oregon wine. They can buy helicopters and bicycles and planes and computers. There is enormous af-fection around the world for buying the American brand, for buying the Oregon brand. 
With modern trade rules, we can 
make sure our exporters are able to get the kinds of goods and services that those billion middle-class consumers are going to want to buy, and that is always what drives the modern econ-omy—middle-class consumers buying goods and services. One billion people in the developing world are going to be middle class in 2025. 
Chairman H
ATCH is with me on the 
floor. What we have sought to do for now about 7 months is replace the old 1990s playbook on trade with a modern one. That is important because in the 1990s nobody had iPhones, nobody was texting. We are talking about a very different time. 
Here is an example: Opponents have 
often, and I think with substantial le-gitimacy, talked about how there has been way too much secrecy associated with trade. If you believe deeply in trade, as I do, and you want more of it, why would you want to have all this se-crecy that just leaves the American people with the view that something is being hidden back in Washington, DC? 
So Chairman H
ATCH and I came to-
gether and put in place the most trans-parent policies on trade in our coun-try’s history. For example, by law—by law—before the President of the United States signs the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, that document has to be public for 60 days before the President signs it. On top of that, there are probably another 2 months that take place be-fore anybody in the Senate or anybody in the House on the floor of those bod-ies actually votes. What that means— and I want to give the opportunity to my colleague to make closing re-marks—what it means is, as part of the new day on trade policy—in the past a lot of Americans were in the dark about trade policy. Now they will be able to come to a townhall meeting of their elected officials, such as the ones I plan to hold in a few days at home. 
The American people will be able to come to a townhall meeting, and start-ing with the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, have that document in their hands for close to 4 months before their elected representative has to vote. That is what Chairman H
ATCH  
and I have sought to do in terms of coming up with a modern trade policy. 
I think it is appropriate that my col-
league—and I appreciate his partner-ship—will have a chance to wrap this up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. I appreciate my partner 
and his kind comments and his intel-ligent comments here this morning. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: 1, Boxer No. 1371; 2, Whitehouse No. 1387; 3, Brown No. 1252, to level the playing field; 4, Feinstein No. 1424; 5, Menendez No. 1430; 6, Paul No. 1383; 7, Paul No. 1408; 8, Sullivan No. 1246; 9, Sessions No. 1233; 10, Cruz No. 1384; 11, Cardin No. 1230; 12, Paul No. 1408. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, re-
serving the right to object, again, I ap-preciate the generosity of Senators H
ATCH and I think W YDEN on this. 
Some 200 amendments have been filed by 46 Senators. We have had two votes. We have six pending, but the six pend-ing—they have had some interesting adjustments in terms of second-degree amendments, in terms of not being ac-tually called for votes. Now we have an offer of nine more. That is a good step, but the majority leader came to the floor at the end of the first full day of debate to file cloture to shut down de-bate. We had only two votes all week. 
I would like to have more votes. I 
think all of us on all sides of the dis-cussion on this debate—the pro-free- trade Republicans and the anti-free- trade Republicans, the pro-free trade Democrats and the overwhelming ma-jority of Democrats who don’t like the way the rules are under TPA—would be willing to come together and pick out 20 or so amendments of the 200 that have been offered by 46 different Sen-ators and have that debate with time limits. We should do all of that. 
Instead, we have nine amendments 
here. As I said—in case I didn’t say it three times—we have had only two votes so far. There are nine amend-ments here. Most of these amend-ments—including level the playing 
field, which seems to have unanimous support—level the playing field is non-germane. So if Senators vote for clo-ture now, then all of those nongermane amendments are dropped and most of these nine will not see the light of day. 
Madam President, I object to the UC. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I just 
want to point out that we tried to bring this bill up Thursday, then Fri-day. It was objected to. Then we brought it up Monday. We only had two amendments. Then Tuesday, Wednes-day, and now today there have been logjams all the way through. 
Now, look, I have been as fair as any-
body could be. I have tried to accom-modate my colleagues on the other side, and we were not making any headway. 
So I thought that by calling up these 
12 amendments, that would resolve it. But if not, we should proceed with the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I 
would again reiterate our offer. I don’t know that I can do it exactly in a UC request. But I reiterate our offer that we sit down—that the leaders sit down—and discuss 15 amendments a side—15 Republican amendments, 15 Democrat amendments—and that we have a serious negotiation without clo-ture hanging over our head that will drop all of these nongermane, very se-rious enforcement amendments. 
We had a vote last Tuesday where for 
the first time in 25 years a trade mo-tion was actually defeated. The whole point of that vote was that we wanted enforcement as part of TPA, TAA. That is what this has been all about. 
But in this UC request, most of the 
enforcement—for instance, level the playing field, but also some other things—will drop because they are non-germane. 
I offer to Senator H
ATCH if there is a 
way of having this discussion and real-ly moving forward—— 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, reg-
ular order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Hatch amendment No. 1221 to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative ap-peal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, Daniel Coats, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Pat Rob-erts, Richard Burr, John Barrasso, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3207 May 21, 2015 
Mike Crapo, Jeff Flake, Tom Cotton, 
Shelley Moore Capito, David Perdue, Chuck Grassley, Dan Sullivan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the substitute amendment, No. 1221, offered by the Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH , to H.R. 
1314, be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 62, 
nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 183 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Lankford McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Murray Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Sullivan Thune 
Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—38 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cardin Casey Collins Donnelly Durbin Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Paul Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Sessions Shelby Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 62, the nays are 38. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I am very happy the Senate has decided to take another step forward on this very important initiative not only of the President’s but of the majority par-ty’s as well, and I thank the folks on the other side who are also similarly inclined. 
Let me just make it clear. Senator 
H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN have done a 
terrific job. They are open to con-tinuing to try to get amendments. We still have the opportunity to do that. As everyone knows, it requires some level of cooperation because anybody can object to somebody else getting an amendment. But Senator H
ATCH and 
Senator W YDEN are anxious to do addi-
tional business, to open it up for more amendments, and with everybody’s co-operation, that could be achieved. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Madam President, I think 
it would be appropriate—we have got-ten to where we are—that we have a quorum call so we can find out where we are on amendments. There is agree-ment out there; we just have to see how we can get it arrived at. So I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, will 
the Senator withhold so I can make a short speech, less than a minute? 
Mr. REID. Of course. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. I thank my colleague 
from Nevada. 
Madam President, I thank all our 
colleagues for their support in helping us get this far. This last vote was a major step forward on this important legislation. We have a few more votes we are going to have to do, and we are getting very close to maybe doing this very important bill. I hope that now that we have taken this step, we can find a way to finish this legislation in short order, and I am willing to work with my colleagues to get us there. 
Once again, I thank everyone who 
supported this today. It means a lot to me personally. 
I yield the floor. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. N
ELSON per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1430 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank 
the Chair for the time, and I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we are 
going to be voting, we hope, on an amendment that is called the antidocking amendment. It observes, by reading the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, that there apparently is a path for the executive branch to allow an-other country to become part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership without a vote of Congress. 
In other words, as to the world ’s sec-
ond largest economy, China, the ad-ministration, this President or the next President, could decide that, well, China should join the 12 countries al-ready part of TPP if we affirm this 
vote down the road with TPP. 
If China could join—the second larg-
est economy in the world—they would backdoor, if you will, because of the administration’s willingness to do it, with no input from the public, with no input from the Congress. 
Our amendment is really simple. It 
sets up a process over a 90-day period. If a President wants to bring a country into the Trans-Pacific Partnership, that country would have to meet cer-tain criteria, the same kinds of criteria that we have seen with these 12 coun-tries, including sex trafficking and some labor law and other things. 
Then Congress would actually vote. 
Congress would get 90 days to decide, up or down, whether a country can join TPP after it is up and running. The country that most concerns us, of course, is China. So when you hear this amendment discussed, you will hear China used as an example, because its economy, obviously, is so large. It passed Japan as the world’s second largest economy, I believe, a year or so ago. 
We just want to make sure that our 
integrity and the integrity of these 12 countries—12 other countries—is pre-served. The way to do that and for the public to be heard is that Congress has to make the decision on whether an-other country can join. 
That is what our so-called docking 
amendment does. I know Senator F
RANKEN is about to take the floor. I 
want to say a couple of other things. This amendment is in no way meant to kill TPP. It simply spells out the proc-ess for future countries to join. 
Here is exactly how the process 
would work. The President would no-tify Congress about an intent to enter negotiations. It would require certifi-cation from the two committees—Ways and Means in the House, Finance in the Senate. Then it would ultimately come to a Senate vote. That is how this would work to protect, I think, the public interest and to give the public input into what countries actually join the TPP. It makes sense, I think, for all countries involved. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
USA FREEDOM ACT  
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak in support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. I am a proud co-sponsor of this bicameral, bipartisan bill which brings much-needed reform to the Federal Government’s surveil-lance programs, including an end to the bulk data collection program that the intelligence community has said is not necessary, that the public has said they don’t support, and that the Sec-ond Circuit has ruled as unlawful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3208 May 21, 2015 
I am particularly proud to have de-
veloped the bill’s transparency provi-sions with my friend Senator D
EAN 
HELLER of Nevada. We are greatly in-
debted to Senator L EEand to Senator 
LEAHY for their leadership and their 
tireless work. 
Americans understand, as I do, that 
our job here is to strike an appropriate balance, making sure, on the one hand, that we are safeguarding our national security, without trampling on our citizens’ fundamental privacy rights, on the other hand. But the public can-not know if we succeed in striking that balance if they do not even have the most basic information about our major surveillance programs. That is why my focus has been on trans-parency, because I want to make sure that the American people are able to decide for themselves whether we are getting this right. 
I support the USA FREEDOM Act be-
cause it moves us in the right direction on all of these fronts. On June 1, sev-eral national security authorities will expire. The House acted responsibly and passed USA FREEDOM, a bill that reflects the combined efforts and agreement of Republicans and Demo-crats, members of the intelligence and law enforcement communities, and ad-vocates for privacy and civil liberties, as well as members of the tech sector and business communities. 
This legislation ensures that the nec-
essary authorities continue in force through 2019, and it makes important reforms that will actually improve na-tional security. You do not need to take my word for that. The Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General have told us, in no uncertain terms, that we ought to pass the USA FREEDOM Act and promptly. 
Yet some of my colleagues are at-
tempting to present us with a choice between reauthorization of the soon-to- expire authorities with no reform whatsoever or complete expiration of those authorities. That is profoundly unfortunate, because we have a com-promise bill that has overwhelming support and was overwhelmingly ap-proved by the House of Representatives by a vote of 338 to 88. 
It draws broad-based support from 
business, from civil society, and within the government. I believe that the only thing that would stop this bill from garnering similar strong bipartisan support here in the Senate is if Repub-lican leaders who oppose this bill pres-sure my Republican colleagues to fili-buster. I really hope that does not hap-pen. I hope it does not happen because USA FREEDOM’s reforms represent real and meaningful progress. The bill ends the old program for the bulk col-lection of telephone metadata, which, according to reports discussed at a hearing last year, principally gathered call records from landlines. It replaces that program with a more targeted ap-proach that permits the collection of call detail records, including prospec-tive collection of those records. You get a warrant, and you collect those 
prospectively, based on the govern-ment’s reasonable, articulable sus-picion of a link to international ter-rorism. 
Now, I believe that is a much more 
sensible approach. I know that some of my colleagues disagree. Last Novem-ber, one of my colleagues suggested that bulk collection is preferable to a targeted approach because American’s privacy would be at risk if the govern-ment were ‘‘going to have to go to those companies and ask for the data.’’ 
But of course, no matter what, we 
have to go to the companies and ask them for the data. The records at issue here are the phone company’s business records. That is what they are. I should also note that those companies have both legal and business reasons for why they retain and protect these records as they do, from the potential for bill-ing disputes to commercial analytics to regulatory concerns. 
The FCC regulations require them to 
hold on to telephone call records for 18 months. None of that has changed. It bears emphasizing that the relation-ship USA FREEDOM calls for between phone companies and the government is nothing new. Our Nation’s law en-forcement and intelligence agencies have long worked with phone compa-nies to obtain specific records, either historic or prospective records, when conducting domestic criminal inves-tigations or carrying out sensitive na-tional security investigations such as FISA wiretaps. 
So we have been doing this for a long 
time. The intelligence community, na-tional security, law enforcement ex-perts, and American businesses, not to mention the House of Representatives, all understand that we have to strike the right balance. We need to safeguard our national security, but we need to do it in ways that do not unduly tread on privacy and civil liberties. 
Leaders across these different public 
and private sectors have managed to come together to strike that balance in the USA FREEDOM Act. That is where my work with Senator H
ELLER comes 
in. We recognized that when the public lacks even a rough sense of the scope of the government’s surveillance pro-grams, they have no way of knowing if the government is getting that balance right. So there needs to be more trans-parency. 
Since the Snowden revelations came 
to light 2 years ago, a steady stream of news reports has provided details about NSA programs that collect information about both foreign nationals and the American people. Despite these disclo-sures, it remains impossible for the American people to get even a basic sense of the real size and scope of these programs. Americans still don’t know the number of people whose informa-tion has been collected under these programs. They have no sense of the extent to which U.S. persons are af-fected and, particularly, have no way of knowing how often the government has searched that information, such as 
call detail records of Americans. Sen-ator H
ELLER and I crafted transparency 
provisions to make sure Americans get that kind of information. That way the American people can better judge the government’s surveillance programs for themselves. 
Under USA FREEDOM, the govern-
ment will be required to issue detailed annual reports for each of the surveil-lance authorities at issue. Importantly, the government will have to tell the public how many people have had their information collected, and for certain authorities—like those permitting the targeted collection of call detail records or the communications of for-eigners abroad—the government will also have to say how many times it has run searches for Americans’ data. 
The USA FREEDOM Act doesn’t just 
require the government to be more transparent. We also make it possible for American businesses to provide their customers with more information about what they are asked to turn over to the government. This is not only good for transparency, it is good for our economy. It has been estimated that the Snowden revelations are cost-ing American companies billions of dollars because people have lost trust in those companies, often assuming that all companies are handing over all of their information to the govern-ment. 
So by allowing companies to report 
the size and scope of the government’s requests, the public can get a better sense of what information is actually being turned over, and the bill makes clear that a company that has not re-ceived any national security requests from the government is free to say so. 
All of this will calm fears, both here 
and abroad, and allow American com-panies to better compete with their foreign counterparts. 
The provisions Senator H
ELLER and I 
wrote will expand the options that companies have to issue their own transparency reports and allow compa-nies to issue those reports more quick-ly. But we also listened to the intel-ligence community to make sure we were striking the right balance and en-suring that ongoing investigations are not jeopardized by additional trans-parency. 
Now, look, to get the broad, bipar-
tisan support we needed, Senator H
ELL-
ERand I had to compromise a great 
deal. We didn’t get everything we wanted when we initially negotiated our provisions last year, and we had to compromise further still this year, par-ticularly with regard to government reporting under section 702, which au-thorizes the collection, for intelligence purposes, of communications of foreign persons abroad. I am disappointed the bill doesn’t include all of the require-ments we agreed on last year and that were included in the Senate bill last Congress, which had 58 votes. 
But I am committed to pressing my 
colleagues to revisit this issue in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3209 May 21, 2015 
future—hopefully before the sunset of 
section 702—in 2017. That, of course, is the Internet traffic of foreign persons abroad who are suspected of being ter-rorists. 
But in the meantime, the good news 
is that after all the give-and-take, our provisions that did get included in the bill will usher in a new era of trans-parency about our Nation’s surveil-lance agencies. They will allow the American public to see—on an annual basis—whether the government really makes good on its promise to end bulk collection, and they will give those of us in Congress important tools as we work to continually improve our coun-try’s laws. 
The transparency provisions are an 
essential part of USA FREEDOM, and the bill overall is a step in the right di-rection for reforming our Nation’s in-telligence laws. It is a step that the House has already taken on an over-whelmingly bipartisan basis. It is a step that the Senate should take as well. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak briefly on an amendment I have filed regarding a crisis we are experi-encing in the H–2B visas. 
In North Carolina, we have a very 
large seafood industry, and we have a crisis that is shared by a number of other States that have the seafood in-dustry with respect to the availability of H–2B visas, and the busy time is just about to start in a couple of weeks. It is the worst possible time for this in-dustry. 
We literally have jobs that have been 
created by people such as Don Cross and his brother and their Pamlico Packing Company in Grantsboro, NC. They simply can’t find workers to do this job. It is going to ruin their busi-ness, and it is unacceptable. These are jobs these folks have created, like the Crosses, and they can’t be filled. The jobs are waiting to be filled. 
It is affecting other businesses we 
have in the shrimp and crab industries, but it is also affecting other busi-nesses—will affect other businesses— such as grocery stores, restaurants, and other industries, like tourism, across the country. 
The problem I have—and the nature 
of the amendment I will speak to brief-ly—but I have reached out to the De-partment of Homeland Security to ask a series of questions, and I simply haven’t received answers. That is why I decided to offer an amendment—or to file the amendment. 
DHS has refused to issue more work 
visas, even though the statutory cap of used visas has most likely not been reached. DHS claims the cap has been reached, and that is really odd because it is unusually early for them to take that position. 
This is what I think the real truth is. 
Not every business applying for these visas is using them. DHS normally ap-proves more visas so we make it more 
likely that we reach the cap, but we don’t believe they have done that this year. 
That is why we have asked for an 
audit, to make sure we know how many applications were actually ap-proved, how many visas are actually used by the State, within the State, and how many of those visas are actu-ally putting legal, migrant, immigrant workers into these jobs. 
This year, they haven’t even done an 
audit. We simply want to know why. 
I think DHS is playing games with 
the numbers, and I demand answers. DHS seems eager to help the illegal population get acclimated, but they don’t seem to place a priority on Amer-ican businesses that need these people to come and work in our seafood proc-essing facilities, not only in North Carolina like Don Cross’s Pamlico Packing Company but packing compa-nies across the coast. 
I have had a discussion with a num-
ber of Members on the other side of the aisle. They share our concerns, and we are all working trying to simply get the answers. 
So what my amendment does is— 
until we get the answers, until we solve the problem, we want to suspend the travel for all DHS employees to gov-ernment conferences and symposiums until the Agency provides more trans-parent data as to how the H–2B pro-gram is being administered for this fis-cal year and for the three previous fis-cal years. 
I want answers and I want action. We 
have businesses in North Carolina and across the country in the coastal States that need these workers, and we want answers now. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1381 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor and I, like my good friend the Senator from Massachusetts, am very concerned about the lack of trans-parency in this whole process of the trade agreement, very concerned. 
I saw the TPP text. I went down-
stairs and I saw that. I have to say the whole process was extremely dis-turbing to me. Members must go to a classified room. Now, we do go to clas-sified rooms, as a bipartisan group, on many issues that are very important to this country. I had gone down because I wanted to see for myself the tran-script of the TPP, what they have dealt with and how far they are along right now in the negotiations. 
The viewing of the documents that 
are very technical in nature, as we all know, is oftentimes without a trade staffer with appropriate clearance. So here I am, I am not able to take staff— 
or only staff who has had secured clear-ance, and it might not be the staff on my staff who has the expertise in this, 
so that takes that equation away. 
We are unable to take any notes to 
consider what we just saw unless we have a photographic memory. Unfortu-nately, I do not. I have tried the best I can to remember and look for things I knew I was looking for. But still yet, it is almost impossible to walk out of there having the ability to sit down and evaluate what you just saw, and then we are unable to talk to anyone about it—even to my staff, as I would like to get their input, since I have been, basically, looking at the details, and especially the public, too, has no idea about any issues that concern them. 
The secretive nature of the largest 
free-trade deal in America’s history truly just lacks common sense. Let me explain. In July of 2001, President Bush at that time released the draft text of the Free Trade Area of the Americas Agreement, the FTAA. He did this months before he was granted fast- track authority. He wasn’t afraid to let us see it. He wasn’t afraid to let the American public know what was in that. We were able to see it, and it didn’t squelch the deal. It didn’t harm anything. 
They released the text of the FTAA, 
the different positions of 34 countries in important areas such as intellectual property rights, investor-state dispute settlements, and antidumping duties— all very important to our country and the jobs we have in this country. 
Now we have a massive 12-country 
trade agreement that is currently being negotiated, and the President wants us to grant him the fast-track authority before not only the Amer-ican people have even seen the text but mostly even our staffs whom we dele-gate to work on these intricate docu-ments. 
Our bill that we will be asking con-
sideration for would simply require the President to release the scrubbed, bracketed text of any trade agreement at least 60 days before Congress would grant the fast-track authority. This is pretty sensible, pretty reasonable. Just release the scrubbed document that you have agreed on so far 60 days be-fore you ask us to give the fast-track authority. 
Before any Member of Congress is 
asked to vote on the most expansive bill in U.S. trade history, the American people deserve to see what is in the bill. That is why they elect us, to make sure we are able to confer with them, have a dialogue, and explain why we are or why we may not be for a certain piece of legislation, especially a trade agreement. 
If this bill is as good for the Amer-
ican worker as proponents have claimed, then the administration and anybody else should not find it objec-tionable to see the details before Con-gress is forced to grant the President trade promotion authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3210 May 21, 2015 
I want to say, in my beautiful little 
State of West Virginia, as I go through it and we look back through the trade agreements that have already been granted since NAFTA, we have not seen an uptick. In fact, we have lost 31,000 manufacturing jobs. I, for one, am not willing to vote to put one more job in jeopardy in West Virginia. 
That is the concern we have. So what 
we are asking for is a very modest, very sensible, very reasonable, com-monsense approach to how we should do the job the people elect us to do and how it should be transparent. 
At this time I yield the floor to my 
friend, the Senator from Massachu-setts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I thank 
my good friend from West Virginia, Senator M
ANCHIN . I thank him for his 
leadership. I thank him for his inde-pendence. I thank him for his partner-ship as we push for greater trans-parency on this very important trade bill. 
In the past few weeks, the public has 
heard a lot about the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive trade deal the United States is negotiating with 11 other trade companies. The public has heard from supporters that it is the most progressive trade deal in his-tory—a deal that will benefit working families and small businesses—and they have heard from opponents that it will only tilt the playing field further in favor of multinational corporations and leave workers and everyone else behind. 
The public has heard a lot, but in all 
that time they have never actually seen the deal itself. In fact, the press hasn’t seen the deal, economists haven’t seen the deal, legal experts haven’t seen the deal. Most everyone in America hasn’t seen the deal. Why? Be-cause the administration has classified the deal, making it illegal for any of those people to read it. 
Members of Congress, as Senator 
M
ANCHIN said, can read it so long as 
they go into a secret room and don’t leave with any notes. But even Mem-bers of Congress are prohibited from talking about the details in public or discussing the details with the people they were sent to Washington to rep-resent. And yet, in the next day or two, the Senate is scheduled to vote on whether to grease the skids to make that secret trade deal—the TPP—the law of the land. 
This isn’t how democracy is supposed 
to work. One of our fundamental prin-ciples of representative government is transparency. Our government is sup-posed to keep things secret from the people only if it has a very good reason to do so. So why is this trade deal a se-cret? I just want to go over the answers I have heard so far, the reasons. 
Some say the administration can’t 
release the deal because the deal isn’t finished yet. OK, so maybe there are some unresolved issues, but everyone agrees the deal is nearly complete. It is 
close enough to being done that its supporters can confidently claim it is the most progressive trade deal in his-tory. If you are sure that is right, then show it to us. If some parts aren’t fin-ished, then show us the parts that are finished. Don’t keep every single word of the deal classified. 
Others say releasing the text now 
would be tipping our hand in con-tinuing negotiations, but that doesn’t make any sense either. Our govern-ment has already shared the details of our positions with the other TPP coun-tries, and those countries have shared details with us. That is how negotia-tions work. Publicly releasing what our negotiating partners have already seen couldn’t possibly undermine our negotiations because, by definition, our negotiating partners have already seen it. 
Here is another argument I have 
heard. Releasing the text of an unfin-ished international agreement simply isn’t done; it is a breach of protocol. Well, that is not true either. As Sen-ator M
ANCHIN pointed out, in 2001, 
President George W. Bush publicly re-leased the scrubbed bracketed text of the Free Trade Agreement of the Americas several months before seek-ing fast-track authority for that agree-ment. At the time, his U.S. Trade Rep-resentative said that releasing the text ‘‘would increase public awareness and support for the trade deal.’’ Guess what. Congress still approved that fast- track deal. Of course it can be done. It has been done, and it should be done. 
Still others say that publicly releas-
ing the text would endanger state se-crets. Wow. But this agreement is not about nuclear weapons programs or military operations. There isn’t any national security information in this deal. This deal is about things such as copyright rules and labor standards. And I know the President doesn’t think there is any sensitive national security information in the deal. That is why he has already committed to publicly re-leasing the entire text. He just won’t do it until after Congress has already voted to grease the skids to make it law. 
That brings us to the last justifica-
tion—that we should all be satisfied that the administration will release the text of the deal a few months be-fore Congress has to vote on whether to approve it. But by then, Congress will have lost the ability to amend the deal, to stop the deal, or to slow it down. In other words, by the time you—the American public—can read the deal, your elected representatives will have lost the ability to use your input to help shape that deal. That sounds like a lousy arrangement to me. 
So if there are no good reasons for se-
crecy here, that leaves only a bad rea-son, and believe it or not, it is a reason I have heard people give multiple times: We should keep the deal secret because if the details were made public now, the public would oppose it. Well, that is how our democracy is supposed 
to work. 
If the TPP is mostly done and the 
public wouldn’t support it if they could see it, then it shouldn’t become the law. That is why I have introduced a simple bill with my friend from West Virginia, Senator M
ANCHIN . This bill 
would require the President to publicly release the scrubbed bracketed text of a trade deal at least 60 days before Con-gress votes on any fast-track for that deal. That would give the public, the experts, and the press an opportunity to review the deal. It would allow for some honest public debate. It would give Congress a chance to actually step in and block any special deals and give-aways that are being proposed as part of this trade deal before Congress de-cides whether to grease the skids to make that deal the law. 
If this trade deal is so great, if it will 
work so well for America’s workers and small businesses, then make it public. We should pass this bill today and give the American people some time to read the deal before we tie ourselves to fast- track. 
Whether you support fast-track or 
oppose it, whether you support TPP or oppose it, we should all agree that we should have a robust, informed debate on something that is this important. Anything less is a disservice to the people who sent us here to work for them. 
So I ask unanimous consent, Mr. 
President, that the Committee on Fi-nance be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 1381, that the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation, the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, one concern I have heard from opponents of the trade pro-motion authority is that trade agree-ments currently under discussion have been negotiated behind closed doors and that by renewing TPA, Congress would be enabling and even encour-aging further secrecy. 
I am going to talk more on this in a 
minute, but there are 30 days before the President signs, 60 days after he signs where this will become well known. So I have to object to my dear colleagues’ bill—I guess it is a bill at this time. I just have to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I have 
heard this concern from opponents of trade promotion authority from time to time—that trade agreements cur-rently under discussion have been ne-gotiated behind closed doors and that by reviewing TPA, Congress would be 
enabling and even encouraging further secrecy. These arguments are particu-larly being made about the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, or TPP, which is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3211 May 21, 2015 
before us. Of course, we need to keep in 
mind that every Senator complaining about this supposed secrecy associated with TPP has had an opportunity to read through the current text of the agreement. And the agreement is not yet concluded. It won’t be unless we pass TPA. 
At the same time, I would be very 
surprised if these same Senators decry-ing the secrecy of the TPP negotia-tions also believe that contract nego-tiations between unions and manage-ment should be made public or that it would be a wise negotiating tactic for a private citizen negotiating the sale of their home to post all the offers they have received on the Internet. 
My point is that in the midst of any 
high-stakes negotiation, some level of confidentiality is essential to getting a good deal, and especially in this case. 
That said, I certainly understand the 
concerns about transparency, particu-larly when our government is negoti-ating on behalf of our country. Fortu-nately, our TPA bill strikes a good bal-ance to address these very concerns. Our TPA bill goes further than any previous version of TPA to promote transparency and congressional over-sight of the whole trade negotiation process. 
First of all, under our bill, the full 
text of a completed trade agreement must be made public at least 60 days before the President can even sign it, giving the American people unprece-dented access and knowledge of all trade agreements before they are signed and well before they are sub-mitted to Congress. 
In addition, the President must sub-
mit to Congress the legal text of a trade agreement and a statement of ad-ministrative action at least 30 days be-fore submitting an implementing bill. 
On top of that, our bill ensures that 
any Member of Congress who wants ac-cess to the unredacted negotiated text at any time during the negotiations will get it. In addition, Members of Congress will—once again, at any time during the negotiations—be able to re-quest and receive a briefing from the U.S. Trade Representative’s office on the status of the negotiations. 
Our bill also creates in statute a 
transparency officer at USTR who will consult with Congress and advise the USTR on transparency policies. This will help ensure that there are con-sistent transparency policies across the Agency and promote greater public un-derstanding of trade negotiations. 
Now, let’s be clear. I, as well as other 
authors of this legislation, understand the concerns we have heard from both inside and outside Congress about the need for greater transparency in the trade negotiation process. We have really worked hard to address these concerns in this legislation, and in par-ticular the concerns of the distin-guished Senator from Massachusetts, 
who is a good friend, whom I admire, and who I think has brought a certain dimension to this Senate that is very important. In short, any Member of Congress 
who is concerned about a lack of trans-parency in trade negotiations should be a cosponsor of this TPA bill—that is, of course, if they are also supporters of expanded markets for U.S. exporters and the creation of high-paying Amer-ican jobs. Those who oppose TPA and trade agreements outright will likely continue to use this supposed lack of transparency as an excuse to oppose the bill. 
Those with genuine concerns will see 
that this bill is the right approach. And we have tried to make it the right approach. I believe it is the right ap-proach. I believe the administration says it is the right approach. I know the Trade Representative says it is the right approach. He has bent over back-wards to inform us and to open his of-fice and to open matters into these not-yet-concluded agreements. 
There is plenty of time for us to look 
at those agreements—any agreement that comes—and make up our own de-terminations at that time. So I don’t believe the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts will be deprived of an ability to look into these matters, completely test the transparency, and look at these agreements in ways that I think would please any reasonable person. 
With that, I have had to object, but I 
hope we can pursue this bill and get it through as soon as we can because it will be a banner day for the President, I have to admit. He is my President, but he is not my party; yet, he is right on this. For the life of me, I can’t un-derstand why we are having so much difficulty with his and my friends on the other side. We ought to be sup-porting a President who has bent over backwards, through his Trade Rep-resentative and those around him, to be as open as he possibly can on this matter, at least at this particular time and I believe afterwards as well. 
I always feel bad when I have to ob-
ject to a person’s unanimous consent request, but I do object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Will my good friend 
the Senator from Utah yield for a ques-tion? 
Mr. HATCH. I will be glad to yield for 
a question. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Senator, I have the 
utmost respect for you and the job you do here every day for all of us. I appre-ciate that. But we have a difference here. My difference is that I have to look at the people in West Virginia— fewer than 2 million people—who de-pend on the opportunity to make a liv-ing for themselves, and they have hard, strong feelings about what we have done over the years in trade agree-ments. They haven’t seen an uptick in opportunity for themselves or their families. 
With that being said, what we have 
asked for here, the Senator from Mas-sachusetts and I, is not something that has never been done before. I can’t ex-plain why President George W. Bush 
would have done this. Maybe it was on his own volition, saying: I am going to put out this agreement that has been scrubbed. Basically everything has been agreed on. We will let you see it and discuss it—the American people and the Senate and Congress that rep-resents those people—to see if we have total buy-in and support. If not, we can make some adjustments and changes. 
He did that. That is really what we 
have asked for here. I respect your right to object, and I understand the process here. But the American people don’t have input into this, and it has a 51-vote threshold from this day for-ward. So any of us who have any objec-tions or maybe have something that would enhance this bill don’t have that opportunity. That is the reason we have asked for this. 
I know the Senator was here and was 
very much involved in 2001. What was your position or your opinion when President Bush released a draft text of the Free Trade Area of the Americas, the FTAA? Do you recall, by any chance? 
Mr. HATCH. I don’t personally recall 
that at this time, other than that it did pass. 
Mr. MANCHIN. He let everybody see 
it months ahead of time before he was granted the fast-track authority. He never even asked for TPA until he re-leased it. And I am sure that you were in the majority at the time, and every-one had to support that position, I would think. 
Mr. HATCH. If the Senator would 
yield—yes, we did. We supported the President’s position, if I recall cor-rectly. There is nothing that says the President can’t do that. But this bill says he must at least do certain things. 
Mr. MANCHIN. That is because he 
hasn’t offered it to us. 
Mr. HATCH. This is a 6-year bill. 
Mr. MANCHIN. It is a 3–3. You are 
right. 
Mr. HATCH. There is going to be an-
other President in 2016, whether Repub-lican or Democrat or otherwise. 
So there is nothing that says the 
President can’t do that, but we are making sure he does do that. We have done it because of questions that have been raised by people such as the dis-tinguished Senator from Massachusetts and you. We think we have put reason-able time constraints in there, espe-cially since you can review the TPP as it exists—although that may or may not be the final agreement. You can re-view that now, if you want, and that is well in advance of it. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Senator, again, I 
know you understand it. I am sure you probably have gone down into the se-cured room and maybe have looked through some parts yourself. But it is quite an onerous process. I couldn’t take my staff person who had expertise in that arena because he did not have that clearance. So I had to go in, and I couldn’t take notes out. Then on top of that, I couldn’t even speak to him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3212 May 21, 2015 
about what I saw because he didn’t 
have that clearance. 
I have never been through something 
like this. For me to go home to West Virginia and say, with all full knowl-edge and my ability to make a decision on the facts I have in front of me, that I support or I do not support it for these reasons—I can’t really do that. I am not really sure if I could support it. Maybe I can support TPP. But I am really objectionable to TPA by not having that opportunity to have input in TPP. 
I think that is where I fall. And with 
a 51-vote threshold, I am not going to have any input to represent the people of West Virginia. With all due respect, that is where I am on this. 
Mr. HATCH. I understand the distin-
guished Senator. Let me say that we all have to make our own individual decisions here. 
I would encourage you to reconsider 
because I think we have a good bill that is far better than it has been in the past. Frankly, it is your adminis-tration that is putting this forward, and I am doing everything I can to help this administration get this through. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I understand. Mr. HATCH. Remember that this is 
the procedural mechanism that gives Congress the right to really know what is going on and to really look at these matters. That is why we put in these particular provisions, which, as far as I know, are better than they have ever been. So Members of Congress will have an opportunity to know what is in these bills. I don’t know fully what is 
in TPP, myself, and I am going to be one of the most interested people on Earth when that comes, if not the most interested, and when we finally agree. It is still not a completed agreement, as far as I know. 
All I can say is I think we provide 
enough time in this bill for anybody who is sincere enough and dedicated enough to look at it. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Senator, if you do see 
something, let’s say, as the bill unfolds and comes to its completion, that you really think is going to harm the peo-ple of Utah, you are not going to have any input to change that harm. And it is only going to take 51 votes to pass it, even if harm is in there for Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. We will have the ability 
to take this floor, and those in the House to take the House floor, and fight against it if you disagree with it and it starts to get 51 votes. 
The administration knows that. They 
know they can’t do a slovenly agree-ment. They have got to do a good agreement in order to get both sides up here to, in a bipartisan way, accept the agreement for our country. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I just feel very 
strongly that this most reasonable thing that we have asked for is some-thing that was done under President Bush. I think it was in his wisdom to put it out there before. There was nothing to hide. 
If we looked into their dialogue back 
at that period of time, they felt it was necessary, as Senator W
ARREN men-
tioned, to get the public’s buy-in, to get support from the public. So they were proud of what they put into it. 
I am not saying things in here aren’t 
good and won’t be good for this coun-try. But there might be some things that could be improved upon that would make it much better for this country. 
I have lost 31,000 manufacturing jobs 
since NAFTA. It is hard when I go through my State and I look at people struggling. The jobs have not returned. They have not come to our little State. We did not see the uptick. 
I am not saying my State represents 
every State, but I am sure there are parts of every State that have been hit pretty hard by this, and we want to make sure we get this one right. That is all we have asked for. 
So I am sorry you had to object. I 
hope you understand our position on this. 
Mr. HATCH. I do, and I appreciate 
the distinguished Senator and his ef-forts to represent his State. I know he does a very good job. I know the senior Senator from Massachusetts is doing a very good job. We are friends. This isn’t going to change that. All I can say is that we disagree respectfully. I think I have made this as palatable as we possibly could under the cir-cumstances. 
The point I have been making is that 
the agreement is available 60 days be-fore it is even signed. So it isn’t as if people will not have a chance to look at it or to fight against it or talk to the President—whoever that might be. 
The fact of the matter is that I am 
not sure that it should be longer than 60 plus 60 plus, I think, another 60. 
So all I can say is that I have to ob-
ject, as manager of this bill. I never feel good about objecting to something my colleagues want. I respect your de-sire to have as much information as you can. I respect the senior Senator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Would the Senator be 
kind enough to yield for a question from the Senator from Massachusetts if I would yield? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia has the floor. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I yield for the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for the pur-pose of a question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I just 
want to say to the Senator from Utah how much I respect his leadership in this Senate and his leadership on so many important issues. 
All I want to say about this is that 
we are just asking for the trade deal to be made public before we have this cru-cial vote about whether there will be any opportunity in the future to amend the trade deal, to slow down the trade deal or—as the Senator from West Vir-ginia says—if we really find objection-able parts, to be able to block it. We are just asking for some transparency before we have this crucial vote on the 
TPA. We don’t want to see fast-track until the American public can evaluate the deal. That is all we are asking for at this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I would like the floor. 
But I would yield the floor to Senator H
ATCH , and then ask my friends to stay 
on the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I thank 
the distinguished Senator from Cali-fornia. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the time during morning business count postcloture. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
f 
FAST-TRACK AUTHORITY 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleagues, Senators W ARREN and 
MANCHIN , because what they tried to do 
here is to give to the American people the same opportunity they had when George W. Bush was President and a trade deal was being negotiated. Before fast-track came up, everybody saw the deal. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be added as a cosponsor to their bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. I appreciate that. I am 
proud to stand with them on this. And I do respect Senator H
ATCH . He is my 
dear friend. But let’s be clear. When you go down to that secret room—and I had the same experience as Senator M
ANCHIN . I couldn’t take the proper 
staffers because they didn’t have the clearance. 
This isn’t about fighting ISIS or the 
war in Syria or any other very high se-curity matter. It is about a trade deal that is supposed to be negotiated in the best interests of the people of this country. 
All my friends are saying is that be-
fore we give this President the ability to fast-track this deal, let’s look at it. Here is what happens when he gets fast-track authority: Not one Member of this Senate and not one Member of the House can offer any amendment whatsoever. 
I think the Senator from West Vir-
ginia was very clear on the point. What if we find out that there is something horrible in there for our State? 
The Senator from Massachusetts 
pointed out that there are whole parts of this deal—and I know I am not speaking out of turn here—where it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3213 May 21, 2015 
just says that they are still being nego-
tiated. So how the heck do we know what we are even voting on? And here we have given away the store in this last vote so that we will not have an opportunity to make it better. 
When my friend talked about how 
many jobs were lost in West Virginia after NAFTA, my heart sank. Those are a lot of jobs in a smaller State. My State is a large State. We lost about 80,000-plus jobs. That is a lot. We are a larger State, though. 
Percentagewise, you had 2 million 
and at the time we had about 30 mil-lion. So in terms of percentages, your people suffered mightily. But we suf-fered mightily. More than 80,000 fami-lies lost their jobs. 
I don’t want to keep my colleagues 
on the floor, but I am only going to speak for 60 seconds more because my colleague from Delaware is such a pal and said I could go before him. 
I have a very simple amendment I am 
fighting to get a vote on. Listen to what it is. It simply says you cannot get fast-track authority to negotiate with any country that doesn’t pay at least a $2 minimum wage. I ask the people who are watching this debate here and at home: Do you know that out of the 12 countries we are negoti-ating with, 7 of them have less than a $2 minimum wage? 
Let me be specific. Chile has a $1.91 
minimum wage. Malaysia has a $1.21 minimum wage. Peru has a $1.15 min-imum wage. Mexico has an 80-cent min-imum wage. 
Do you remember NAFTA? Let’s do 
NAFTA. It is going to raise the stand-ard of living in Mexico, and the Mexi-can people won’t come across the bor-der. We had all those factory jobs leave. And in this, Mexico is part of this deal. 
How about Vietnam? 58 cents. And 
how about Brunei and Singapore? They have no minimum wage. 
What kind of a chance do our work-
ers have? I don’t care how productive they are. We have the most productive workers. The people in these countries are very smart. They are terrific. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be added as a co-sponsor on that amendment. 
Mrs. BOXER. Absolutely. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. WARREN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to be added as a cosponsor on that amendment. 
Mrs. BOXER. Absolutely, I am very 
proud to have Senator W
ARREN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. What kind of chance do 
our workers have? Do you think a man-ufacturer in their right mind is going to stay here when they can go to Viet-nam and have some terrific people? 
I know the Vietnamese community 
in my home State is fantastic. They are fantastic leaders. They are fan-tastic workers. It is sad that the ones who are left behind earn 58 cents an hour. What chance do our workers have? 
Now, we have 12 million manufac-
turing jobs left in this Nation of ours— this greatest of Nations. What kind of 
chance do they have? Do you know that I cannot get this amendment up for a vote? I think I know the reason. They do not want to have to vote against it. I am still hopeful. I am holding out hope. I am fighting for it. But it seems to me when you are say-ing to the American people: Do you want your Senator to have to go down-stairs to a secure room, give up your electronics to a clerk, be told that if you take notes you have to leave them behind so the clerk can read it, but your staff cannot read it, you cannot discuss it with the people who do not have top clearance for the trade agree-ment? 
Then, you have to have the amend-
ment that Senators W
ARREN and 
MANCHIN have offered, which simply 
says: Make the trade agreement public before we give exceptional fast-track authority to any President. I do not care who it is—Democrat or Repub-lican—this is not a partisan issue. 
I have voted for half of the trade 
agreements, so I have voted for many trade agreements but not with coun-tries that pay slave wages. Let’s be clear. 
This is a tough day for the U.S. Sen-
ate. I know we have been split up every which way on this, but I think there are certain things we have learned from this debate: Secrecy is no good. I respect my President. I have talked to him. I know in his heart he is doing what he thinks is right, but when he says this is not secret and everyone has access to it, I say to my President and I say to my friend Senator H
ATCH : This 
is not an open process. 
The secrecy is ludicrous. It is ridicu-
lous. It is against the interests of the people we represent. I represent close to 40 million people. As Senator M
ANCHIN said, those people count on 
us, but if we do not know what is in an agreement, how can we be wise about what we want to say about it and what we want to do about it? 
I want to thank my friends for com-
ing down here this afternoon. I know this is hard on the Senate. We are going to probably be here a very long time. But the fact is that people de-pend on us, and I am proud to stand with them. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
f 
OUR COUNTRY’S TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEM 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I have 
come to the floor to discuss the need to strengthen the transportation system of our country, our roads, our high-ways, our bridges—our transportation system. A long time ago, the question was asked: What is the role of govern-ment? If you ask 500 people, you prob-ably will not get 100 different answers, but you will get a lot of different an-swers. 
Abraham Lincoln was once asked: 
What is the role of government? This is what he said: The role of the govern-ment is to do for the people what they 
cannot do for themselves. Let me say that again. The role of government is to do for the people what they cannot do for themselves. 
Sometimes I go to schools and young 
students ask me: What do you do? The kids in elementary schools, third, fourth, fifth graders say: What do you do? 
I tell them I am a United States Sen-
ator. 
They say: What do you do? I tell them I help make the rules for 
our country. We call them laws. I do that with 99 other Senators, 435 Rep-resentatives, the President, and the Vice President. 
They say: Well, what else do you do? I tell them I help people. I help peo-
ple. The best way to help somebody is to make sure they have a job—to make sure they have a job. 
I had the privilege of being Governor 
of Delaware for 8 years. I am told that in those 8 years, more jobs were cre-ated in Delaware than any 8 years in Delaware history. I did not create one of them. 
We have seen in the last 6-plus years 
in this country some 12 million jobs created. I did not create one of them. My colleagues did not create those jobs. The President and the Vice Presi-dent did not create those jobs. 
What we are responsible for doing 
here is to create a nurturing environ-ment for job creation, access to cap-ital—to money—for businesses that need to raise money, a world-class workforce, public safety, clean envi-ronment, public health, a Tax Code that is fair and reasonable, regulations that embody common sense and reflect common sense. 
We actually have, believe it or not, 
on each of our desks on the floor, a book. It is called the ‘‘Senate Manual.’’ We do not look at it that often, but if you go to one of the sections about two-thirds of the way through the book, you will find the Constitution. The Constitution lays out who is re-sponsible for what generally in our country, for different responsibilities that do fall on government. 
There is a section in the Constitu-
tion—I am not going to read it, but Senator J
IMINHOFE of Oklahoma has 
oftentimes referred to it—where it talks about the obligation and respon-sibility of the Federal Government to post roads—post roads. For years, that has been read and interpreted to mean to build some roads, some highways, and some bridges. 
As time goes by, we have more and 
more people to build transit systems as well. As it turns out, as we go along in time—after being a country for almost 225 years or so, one of the most impor-tant things that we do in creating a nurturing environment for job creation and job preservation is to make sure our country has transportation sys-tems—roads, highways, bridges, transit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3214 May 21, 2015 
systems—that are worthy of this great 
Nation that we are. 
As a former Governor—as I like to 
say, a recovering Governor—but as a former Governor, I have seen the im-pact roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems have on the economic growth and success in my State, the re-gion in which we live, and across this country. It is how we move people. It is how we move goods. It is the key to an efficient and growing economy. 
For more than a decade, however, we 
have faced funding shortfalls for the Federal highway trust fund. This stop- and-go funding and lack of uncertainty has undermined—has undermined—the potential for economic growth in America for years. That has to stop. 
In fact, since 2008, we had to transfer 
nearly $65 billion out of the general fund—nearly $65 billion out of the gen-eral fund—which is far from running a surplus, to patch holes in the highway trust fund. 
I like to use the example of the glass-
es. We have glasses here that the pages are nice enough to fill with water and to bring for us from time to time. I would like for this glass to be the Fed-eral highway trust fund. It is empty. There is another glass here. This is the general fund of the United States. It is empty. We have another glass over here that is full. It is full. When the general fund is empty and the trans-portation fund, the highway fund are empty, what we do is we go to this glass over here and say: How about some water? How about some money? 
We borrow money all over the 
world—all over the world. One of the places we borrow a lot of it is China. When the Chinese lend us money, they do not want to be bothered when we feel they may have been manipulating their currency. 
They will say to us: We thought you 
wanted to borrow money, so leave us alone on currency manipulation. They may say: Leave us alone when it comes to taking unfair advantage in terms of trade. When the Chinese are pushing around the Vietnamese in the Phil-ippines in the South China Sea—where I used to fly as a flight officer—they would say: You cannot do that. 
And the Chinese might respond: Well, 
we thought you wanted to borrow our money. 
We find ourselves in a very difficult 
position to be obligated to a lender that is doing things that we think are inappropriate or wrong. 
Unfortunately, with the example like 
the one I have just given you, this ac-tually does happen. 
We have not had a transportation bill 
that lasts for more than 2 years for, I think, now 7 years. It used to be com-monplace that every 6 years we would pass a fund, a transportation bill, for our country. We call it the highway bill, but it was for roads, highways, and for transit systems—every 6 years, al-most like clockwork. 
The money provided by the Federal 
Government provides roughly one-half of all the money that is spent in the 
State highway budget, State highway transportation budget. Half of that money is Federal money appropriated by the Congress and approved by the President. 
Why we have not had a transpor-
tation bill that lasted for more than 2 years, since 2008—we have passed some short-term funding provisions and au-thorization provisions for transpor-tation that lasts as little as a few days—a few days. This undercuts Gov-ernors and undercuts mayors around the country. It prevents them from making long-term investments in crit-ical transportation projects. 
Let me give a good example. State 
Route 1 Delaware runs from I–95 to the north, north-south, right past Dover, our State capital, passing Dover Air Force Base, and heads on down to the southern part of our State, where we raise more chickens and soybeans in Sussex County, DE, than any other county in America. It is a county that has more five-star beaches than any-where else in America. 
When I had the privilege of being 
Governor of Delaware, we actually built, modernized, and expanded State Route 1. We replaced about 40 traffic lights with a four- or five- or six-lane limited access highway that cuts not in half but greatly eliminates bottlenecks and expedites the flow of traffic in my State. It took over a decade—maybe a dozen years—from start to finish. 
Why did it take that long? It is be-
cause these projects need some things. You have to take some time to plan the project. You have to take some time to fund the project. You have to take time to contract the project through competitive bids. You have to get the permits for the project. Some-times there is litigation to work through. It is part of what has to be done to build a major road, highway or bridge in a State. It does not take just a few weeks to do this. It does not take just a few months to do this. It can take years. 
In the case of State Route 1—in a lit-
tle State—it took years, roughly a dozen of them. And without the cer-tainty in the future that the Federal funding will be there for a project that is almost impossible to do it well and, frankly, without that kind of cer-tainty, it is really expensive to do these projects. Stop-and-go. ‘‘Stop-and- go’’ means stop and pay lot more money for the projects we are trying to build. 
Yet even though we know our States, 
our counties, our cities, and our busi-nesses are counting on us in this body to do our jobs, we let them down time and time again. What is worse is that Congress has known about this prob-lem for just about a decade—for almost a decade. 
It was in 2005 that Congress included 
provisions in transportation legislation to create not one but two blue ribbon commissions. For what purpose? Will it help us to figure out how to pay for highways, bridges, and transit systems 
which we are not smart enough to fig-ure this out? Why don’t we put to-gether some commissions and let the experts come in and they can help us out? We received the reports and the recommendations. We just never acted on them. 
In 2008, these two Commissions deliv-
ered reports summarizing the advice of countless experts and giving us a road-map to fixing the problems for good. Among all of their recommendations, one idea was stressed above all the rest: gradually raise transportation user fees and then index them to infla-tion going forward. 
Despite understanding the problem 
and the smartest solutions for nearly a decade, we have only shirked our re-sponsibility to agree on a solution again and again. 
Rather than take advantage of those 
blue ribbon ideas, we have continued to kick the can down the road, continued to avoid doing what voters sent us here to do; that is, to make decisions, tough decisions, in the best interests of our country. 
I stand here today to say it is high 
time we finally take care of business and do the job the American people sent us here to do. 
My concern about this issue should 
come as no surprise to any of my col-leagues. For years I have been out-spoken about my desire to fully fund a multiyear transportation bill. 
Government does have a clear role in 
ensuring that our country has modern, high-quality roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems. That is why the Framers of our Constitution had the good sense to as much as say so in that Constitution. Unfortunately, it seems to me that our courage and willingness to fulfill this responsibility continues to escape us. Instead, we avoid tough choices and simply do things such as smooth pensions or steal Customs fees. Sometimes we will steal Customs fees that are not due for maybe 6, 7, 8 years into the future, and we steal that fu-ture money and use it to pay for a cou-ple of months’ worth of road, highway, and bridge construction today. We bor-row mine safety funds. We apply other bandaids as well. 
The standard justification for each of 
these short-term patches has been that we need just a little more time to work out the details of a long-term plan. Just give us a little more time, and we will work this out. But, as usual, dur-ing the 10 months we gave ourselves when we passed the last short-term ex-tension, which, as I recall, was early last August—the 12th time we have done this in 6 years, in case anyone has lost count—we have come no closer to a solution. 
The Washington Post last summer 
may have put it best, and here is what they said: ‘‘Congress doesn’t need more time, Congress needs more spine.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3215 May 21, 2015 
Albert Einstein once said that the 
definition of insanity is doing some-thing over and over again and expect-ing a different result. Today, I am ask-ing our colleagues to join me and oth-ers to help stop this insanity. If we work together, I know we can find a way to invest in the 21st-century trans-portation system our States, our cities, and our businesses deserve and need in order to compete in a global market-place. In an effort to do just that, Sen-ator B
OXER and I have introduced a 
measure that would at least get us started, taking a constructive step that would align the expiration of transportation programs with the fund-ing available in the highway trust fund. 
What we have right now is that at 
the end of this month, the authoriza-tion for spending Federal money for these roads, highways, bridges, and transit projects—the authorizations to spend that money expires, effectively stopping the use of Federal money for these purposes at the end of this month. We can’t let that happen. 
The authorization ends at, we will 
say right here, the end of May, in about 10 days. Meanwhile, the actual funds in the transportation trust fund, the highway trust fund, are good until the end of July. So the legislation Sen-ator B
OXER has joined me in intro-
ducing says: At least, if we do nothing else, let’s align the end of the author-ization—now May 31—to the end of the funding so that we can at least con-tinue the work that is being done in States across the country in the mean-time. If we work together, I know we can find a way forward. 
We have introduced this legislation, 
and this adjustment will keep the Con-gress from putting this issue, we hope, on the back burner yet again. 
We hope this will increase the likeli-
hood that we can finally sit down and come to a long-term solution not this fall, not next year, but this summer. I know there are some who say: Well, let’s just push this off until December. We have done that before and we can do that again. I just say to my friends, we have a way of—we are getting to the elections. We are getting into the election cycle for President later this year. Maybe there are some who feel that will be helpful to us in finding a way to come together and funding a transportation project. I would beg to differ. I think if we don’t get it done sooner rather than later, if we don’t make those tough decisions now, we are not going to make them when the caucuses are gathered in Iowa and the primary voters are starting to get riled up in New Hampshire and South Caro-lina. That is not going to help us do our jobs. 
There is a friend of mine who likes to 
talk about stopgap funding and the need to make a long-term commitment to America’s growth and success. He says it is something like what we do now. It is something like taking a road trip—maybe a summer road trip across the country—stopping to fill up our 
cars, our trucks, our minivans with gas 1 gallon at a time. Instead of filling up, we stop at a gas station and we get 1 gallon, and then we go down the road and a little while later we stop at an-other gas station and we buy another gallon. It is wasteful. It wastes time. It wastes money. It is no way to take a trip across the country with your fam-ily, and I can assure my colleagues it is no way to build a transportation sys-tem for a world-class power—America. 
In any event, as I said earlier, I took 
two or three ideas away from the elec-tions last year. No. 1, Americans want us to work together; No. 2, they want us to get things done; and No. 3, they want us to do everything we can to en-hance and strengthen our economic re-covery. 
Finally finding an agreement on a 
way to pass a fully funded 6-year trans-portation bill would help us do all three. We would demonstrate that we can work together. We would dem-onstrate that we can get things done for States and cities and counties across America. No. 3, we really would strengthen our economic recovery. We wouldn’t just put 600,000 or 700,000 peo-ple to work across America building roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems; we would do a lot more than that. That is important. A lot of jobs need to be filled, and a lot of people would love to have those jobs. 
As it turns out, the McKinsey Global 
Institute recently reported that mak-ing a major effort to repair and im-prove our roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems could add about 1.5 percent to our annual GDP growth and create at least 1.8 million jobs. Let me say that again. Making a major effort to repair and improve our roads, high-ways, bridges, and transit systems could add about 1.5 percent to annual GDP growth. Keep in mind that GDP growth I think in the last quarter was only about 1 percent. This kind of in-vestment could add another 1.5 percent to annual GDP growth and create al-most 2 million jobs. 
By failing to pass a long-term trans-
portation bill, we are sacrificing this potential growth and job creation. It is a little bit like leaving money on a table—in this case, a lot of it on a table. 
The Federal Government shares the 
responsibility with State governments to make investments in their aging in-frastructure. As I said earlier, the Fed-eral Government—when States spend money on roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems, whether it is in New Hampshire or Delaware, roughly half of that money is coming from the Federal Government. Our States are counting on us to be a partner in funding our transportation systems that the fami-lies and businesses we represent count on every day. When a Federal policy fails to plan for the future, we leave these people in the lurch. 
The highway trust fund has several 
dedicated revenue streams in the form of various user fees, as we know. These 
fees haven’t been adjusted in over two decades. During that time, the pur-chasing power of transportation has 
nearly been cut in half. There have been increases in the price of concrete, asphalt, steel, and labor. The 18.3-cent Federal gas tax that we set up in 1993 is now worth less than a dime. The 24- cent diesel tax is worth less than 15 cents. 
The Congressional Budget Office put 
together the chart here on my left that shows the growing difference between the highway trust fund, the money we put out for transportation projects, and the money we take in from user fees. I would say we were doing reason-ably good from 1998 to 2014. Every 6 years, we see it go up and then it drops down, and then it goes up and then it drops down. That is a 6-year transpor-tation authorization bill. 
Look what happened starting this 
year. 
I might add that over the last several 
years, a lot of this money was just transferred out of the general fund, not money we actually raised. Then we borrowed most of that money from around the world. 
But we get to the year 2015, and look 
what happens. At the end of the year, every year up through 2025, this will be the shortfall. I think it adds up to about $140 billion by 2020. One does not have to be an accountant to know we have a problem when what we are spending outpaces what we collect more and more each year. 
We need to find a long-term solution 
that we can agree on to fix this prob-lem, and we need to do it this summer. We don’t need to do it this fall. We don’t need to do it next winter. We need to do it this summer. Again, I talked about kicking the can into a Presidential election year. If we don’t do it this summer, my fear is we won’t do it at all—at least not a long-term bill. 
Many of my colleagues have said we 
must wait until we can enact com-prehensive tax reform that creates rev-enues to solve this problem. As a strong supporter of tax reform, I hope we can find a way to reform our Tax Code, find a way to generate some reve-nues that can be used to invest in the country’s roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems. As I understand, this idea has support from not only Presi-dent Obama but also from the House Ways and Means Committee Chairman P
AULRYAN, and that is encouraging. 
One thing I know for sure is that this 
idea is a lot better than kicking the can down the road. Let’s be honest—we have been talking about tax reform for years. It is one of the most complicated problems Congress is facing. We can’t just wait around letting our highways and transit systems that people count on deteriorate while we negotiate the incredibly tough decisions surrounding tax reform efforts. Furthermore, tax reform only offers one-time revenues that won’t fix the long-term problem with the highway trust fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3216 May 21, 2015 
I believe we have to have a viable 
backup plan in case a bipartisan deal on tax reform continues to elude the Congress. That is why I talked to lit-erally a dozen Members of the House and the Senate from both parties and I asked them to share with me their most thoughtful ideas of what I hope could become an ‘‘all of the above’’ transportation funding proposal that we expect to unveil at the beginning of next month. I urge any of my col-leagues with serious thoughts on how to shore up the highway trust fund to bring us their ideas and join this effort because I hope to present such a plan, as I said earlier, very soon and to make sure that we don’t once again kick this can down the road. There is time to act. It is not next year. It is not around Christmastime. It is this summer. 
Gas prices this Memorial Day week-
end will be lower than any Memorial Day in recent memory and are likely to stay that way for at least a while longer. The prediction is that they are actually going to start dropping again as we move into summer. 
There is an amazing coalition of 
stakeholders from all parts of the com-munity—frankly, all parts of our coun-try geographically—and throughout the business sector and our govern-ment as well, and they support a long- term transportation bill. They are businesses, labor groups, construction companies, transits, retail businesses, manufacturing businesses, and a lot of American families. Their message to us is the same: It is time to do the right thing. It is time for us to do our jobs. It is time for us to give America the roads, the highways, the bridges, and transit systems that we can be proud of and that will help our Nation to con-tinue to grow and to be great. 
Mr. President, thank you so much. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). 
The Senator from New Hampshire. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about a very important issue to my State of New Hampshire, and that is American trade and our ability to create more jobs in New Hampshire and in the United States of America by giving our businesses the opportunity to sell to consumers around the world since our businesses are creating the very best products and technology, and their ability to sell to those around the world is going to cre-ate more jobs in New Hampshire and in this country. 
I also wish to speak about an impor-
tant financing mechanism to busi-nesses in New Hampshire and to busi-nesses in this country, and that is the Export-Import Bank. 
When traveling throughout New 
Hampshire and meeting with busi-nesses both small and large, what I hear most often is this: In Washington, please make it easier, in terms of the regulatory environment and the tax 
environment, for us to do what we do best, and that is create jobs and put people to work. I have also heard we want more opportunities to sell what we produce to other countries in the world, and we also want opportunities to make sure financing is available to increase opportunities for New Hamp-shire businesses to export to other countries around the world. 
An important tool for New Hamp-
shire businesses is the Export-Import Bank, which is set to expire next month, at the end of June, and that is why getting the bill pending on the floor is important. I fought to ensure that there is a way forward to secure a path for a vote on the Export-Import Bank reauthorization before it expires at the end of June. 
I thank our leader for committing to 
allow us an opportunity to extend this important financing mechanism to businesses in New Hampshire to ensure that mechanism is still available and that those New Hampshire jobs con-tinue and that we can continue to grow our economy. 
In New Hampshire, the Export-Im-
port Bank supports $416 million in ex-ports and has helped 36 New Hampshire businesses over the last 7 years. Its continued existence is not only impor-tant to the Granite State economy, but it translates to over 2,300 jobs that are supported by the opportunity to have financing available through the Ex-port-Import Bank to New Hampshire. 
I met with New Hampshire exporters 
from around the State who have been able to grow their businesses and cre-ate more jobs by utilizing the Ex-Im fi-nancing to export goods and services overseas. In fact, in December I hosted a roundtable in New Hampshire at the Seaport International Forest Products in Noshua. In the past, they have been able to use Export-Import financing. They were gracious enough to hold a roundtable when Fred Hopper, the head of the Export-Import Bank, came to New Hampshire and met with busi-nesses in New Hampshire to allow them to give him feedback as to how the Bank was working and how important it was to their ability to obtain this fi-nancing and expand their exports over-seas. In fact, one of the participants in that roundtable, Jerry Boyle, who is the leader of Boyle Energy and Tech-nology Services in Concord, explained how he grew his business 75 percent in the past few years because of the op-portunity to use Ex-Im financing. 
Make no mistake—failure to renew 
the Bank’s charter would cause us to lose jobs in New Hampshire and lose jobs in this country and would hurt the economy at a time when we should be focusing on making it easier for busi-nesses to create jobs and making sure our businesses have opportunity and access to markets overseas to create more American trade. 
I will continue to push this body to 
reauthorize Ex-Im so that New Hamp-shire businesses can continue to have access to this financing, can continue 
to grow their opportunities to create more jobs in New Hampshire by using this financing and to sell their goods and services overseas to create jobs. 
I want to address the critics of this 
Bank. I look at this and I wonder—we are competing in a global economy, and so many of our competitors are ac-tually offering even greater financing mechanisms for their businesses. So without this opportunity for our busi-nesses, we would be putting ourselves at a competitive disadvantage. In fact, the Ex-Im Bank actually has a lower default rate than commercial loans and returns money to the Treasury. 
If someone asked me about the Ex-Im 
Bank, I would tell them that it creates American jobs and returns money to the Treasury to help pay down our debt. If every Federal agency were asked that question, that would be an easy question to answer, wouldn’t it? We would probably be a lot farther along in dealing with our $18 trillion in debt. 
To me, this is a program that allows 
us to create more New Hampshire jobs and more American jobs. We have to get this done. I am glad we have a com-mitment to have a vote on it in this body to allow us to reauthorize it be-fore it expires. Again, it returns money to the Treasury and creates American jobs. Imagine if we could say that about every Federal program. 
I wish to talk about another issue 
that is very important to jobs in New Hampshire, and that is trade pro-motion authority, which we are cur-rently debating and which is pending on the Senate floor. This will have a real impact on New Hampshire’s econ-omy and create thousands of jobs in my State. 
In 2014, New Hampshire exported $4.4 
billion worth of goods and services and exports and supported about 23,000 good-paying New Hampshire jobs. Over the past decade, we have seen Granite State exports increase by 175 percent. As a testament to America’s entrepre-neurial spirit, almost 90 percent of New Hampshire’s exporters are small or me-dium-sized businesses. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to 
visit Mercury Systems, which designs and builds defense and commercial electronics in Hudson, NH. Since open-ing in Hudson in 2014, Mercury Systems has more than doubled its workforce from 70 employees to now 170 employ-ees—thanks in part to their oppor-tunity to export what they manufac-ture. 
In April, I visited Corfin Industries in 
Salem. Corfin provides robotic proc-essing services that are used by the de-fense, medical, and telecommunication industries. Corfin relies on exports and access to international markets, which has helped to create 22 new jobs in New Hampshire, and now they see a growing 
portion of their sales going to ex-ports—American trade creating jobs. 
There are many other important 
companies in New Hampshire that sup-port trade promotion authority, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3217 May 21, 2015 
they view this as an opportunity to 
create more Granite-State jobs, includ-ing companies such as BAE Systems in Nashua; Bosch Thermotechnology in Londonderry; Elbit Systems in Merrimack; Globe Manufacturing Com-pany in Pittsfield; General Electric in Hooksett; Goss International Americas in Durham; Intel Corporation, which also has a facility in Merrimack; Medtronic in Portsmouth; and New Hampshire Ball Bearings in Lanconia. In fact, I had a chance to visit New Hampshire Ball Bearings and to talk to them about the importance of not only Ex-Im financing—as a supplier, this is important to them—but also the im-portance, obviously, of trade. Also, Osram Sylvania in Manchester, Hills-boro, and Exeter; Polartec in Hudson; Texas Instruments has a facility in Manchester; and Velcro USA is in Man-chester. These are just a few examples of the many Granite State companies that depend on American trade and an opportunity to sell the great products they produce overseas. 
Here is what I have heard from my 
constituents in New Hampshire about the pending bill on the floor when it comes to creating good-paying jobs in New Hampshire. 
Tony Giunta, a city counselor for 
Franklin’s Ward 1, wrote to me and said: 
Our community is working diligently to 
boost its economic development. Our pri-ority is jobs and attracting new businesses to our city. It is in that regard I am writing to ask for support on the pending trade vote in the U.S. Senate . . . Our President needs the flexibility to handle the details and present a full plan to Congress for final ap-proval. 
That precise system has worked for many 
years and I believe it should be extended for another 5 years. . . . The Wall Street Jour-nal recently reported that our trade deficit rose to its highest level in nearly six and a half years and the trend line is headed in the wrong direction. We need to do all we can to boost free trade in this country. 
Our state’s economy depends on it. My 
city’s future depends on it as well. . . . Con-sidering nearly one-quarter of our workforce provides goods and services that are exported abroad means this proposal will have a tre-mendous impact on our state’s economy. 
Emily Heisig is senior vice president 
of the New England Council. This coun-cil is a very important council for em-ployers in New England and in New Hampshire. 
She wrote: 
While interstate commerce among the 
states remains a significant avenue for busi-ness prosperity, The New England Council believes that foreign markets must be cul-tivated to tap into the buying power of this vast and ever-burgeoning consumer base. In-deed, across New England, more than 24,000 companies export to foreign markets, and in 2014, that supported nearly 265,000 export-re-lated jobs for our region. The value of goods exported from New England last year was $56.5 billion. 
Jim Roche is president of the New 
Hampshire Business and Industry Asso-ciation. The New Hampshire Business and Industry Association is a very im-portant group in New Hampshire and brings New Hampshire businesses to-
gether. He wrote to me and said: 
Nearly 40 million American jobs depend on 
trade. This is especially true for New Hamp-shire where trade plays a big role in our economy. Trade supports more than 179,000 jobs in the state and our exports of goods and services last year reached nearly $7 billion. Trade is especially important for New Hamp-shire’s small businesses, more than 2,200 of which are exporters. 
Pete McNamara, president of the 
New Hampshire Automobile Dealers Association, recently visited me in Washington. He also wrote to me and said: 
The New Hampshire Auto Dealers Associa-
tion supports free trade. In this competitive world market, the U.S. needs the TPA. America drives the world economy, but out-side our borders are markets that represent 80% of the world’s purchasing power, 92% of its economic growth, and 95% of its con-sumers. 
Texas Instruments has a very good 
facility in Manchester. I had a chance to visit that facility and meet the workers in these great-paying jobs and also jobs that are very important, with expertise on technology. 
Mark Gary is the vice president and 
manager of the Manchester site. He said: 
Texas Instruments strongly supports TPA– 
2015 and urges its swift approval. Renewing TPA provides an opportunity for American companies and their workers to secure 21st century rules to govern international trade. Innovation is the Granite State’s greatest asset. New Hampshire’s high-tech companies, startups, and universities are generating breakthrough innovations and technologies. High tech companies now represent 8.6% of the state’s economy and pay 92% more than average wages. TI Manchester is the heart of the largest power management unit . . . TPA is critical for TI to secure market access, maintain a competitive global supply chain, and support our high value-added design jobs here in New Hampshire. 
I also heard from Sylvia Linares, di-
rector of engineering and New Hamp-shire site leader at Intel in Merrimack, NH, which is also very important for New Hampshire jobs. 
Passing TPA will arm U.S. trade nego-
tiators with a clear set of principles and ob-jectives that support our nation’s economic, social, and technological interests. These rules have never been more important. In Merrimack, NH we have a very specialized design team that stands to benefit from these rules—rules around intellectual prop-erty theft, forced technology transfer and compromised encryption standards. At Intel, we conduct roughly three quarters of Intel’s advanced manufacturing and R&D right in the U.S., investments which are supported by three quarters of our revenue from sales elsewhere in the world. We are proud to be part of the New Hampshire tech community by spending more than $5 million annually with approximately 50 suppliers in the state. 
With 95 percent of the world’s cus-
tomers and 80 percent of the world’s purchasing power outside of the United States, we have to do everything we can to ensure that we have more Amer-ican trade. American trade that sup-ports jobs here allows us to sell the great work we and our workers do here and the products we produce overseas. That is why the bill pending on the 
floor is so important to creating more American jobs. 
Since the 1930s, nearly every Presi-
dent has used trade promotion author-ity to negotiate foreign trade policy. This bill contains the clearest outline of trade priorities in our Nation’s his-tory. It includes almost 150 ambitious, high-standard negotiating objectives that will direct our trade negotiators to break down barriers that hurt Amer-ican businesses and will allow Amer-ican businesses to have more American trade to create jobs here. 
The bottom line is that trade pro-
motion authority will ensure that in the Granite State, New Hampshire businesses can create more jobs. In fact, the estimate in New Hampshire is that if you look at some of the agree-ments, such as the current trans-atlantic and transpacific trade negotia-tions, those could spur international investment in New Hampshire and cre-ate an estimated over 8,200 jobs in New Hampshire if the President is able to go forward and negotiate the right agreements that allow us to create American jobs. 
So there are two issues that I have 
talked about. We need to get the Ex-Im Bank reauthorized before it expires so that employers in New Hampshire that have been able to use this financing mechanism and the many suppliers that also support companies outside of New Hampshire but that create New Hampshire jobs can have an oppor-tunity to continue to use this financ-ing to put more people to work in New Hampshire. We also need to pass trade promotion authority that is pending on the floor. If you look at the list of New Hampshire businesses that will benefit from this opportunity to create more New Hampshire jobs and more Amer-ican jobs in the United States of Amer-ica, this is something we need to do to strengthen our economy in the Granite State and to strengthen our country to make sure there are more opportuni-ties for people to work in this country. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, shown 
in this picture I have in the Chamber is Christina from Stratford, CT. She is a small business owner, and she has a story that is becoming pretty familiar all across the country. She left a job a couple of years ago that provided for employer-based health care, and she wanted to start her own business in Bridgeport, CT, right next to Stratford. So she stayed insured through COBRA for a period of time until it expired, and then she had to go out into the in-dividual market. She recalls having to fill out a 15-page questionnaire when she was applying for individual cov-erage. She said it asked about ‘‘any-thing that I had even remotely dis-cussed with my doctor.’’ Unfortunately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3218 May 21, 2015 
for her, some of those things—pre-
existing conditions—meant that she was denied health care coverage. 
So she had to go into Connecticut’s 
high-risk pool, which meant she was paying $1,200 per month. Anybody who has started up a small business from scratch knows that can be pretty pro-hibitive. Her salvation came through the Affordable Care Act. When it went into effect and Connecticut’s exchange was established, she was able to find a plan that cost her $430 per month, which is frankly on the high end of plans but it was much more affordable than the one she had. 
She said: ‘‘I’m thankful that there 
was a solution for me to be able to keep my business [and] have affordable health insurance’’ that can’t be taken away. 
Similar stories can be told all over 
the country, but it is not just anec-dotes that we have to rely on any longer to talk about the success of the Affordable Care Act. 
I know that we are obsessed this 
week, appropriately so, with the PA-TRIOT Act, the transportation reau-thorization, and the free-trade agree-ment, or the fast-track agreement. But the Supreme Court is likely upon our return after the Memorial Day recess to rule on one of the most important cases that it has heard during most of our tenures, and that is the King v. Burwell case. It is important to spend some time before we break talking about the subject of that case, the Af-fordable Care Act. Christina’s story is miraculous—somebody who was able to start a business and keep that business open because of the Affordable Care Act. But she is one of 16.4 million peo-ple all across this country who now have health care because of the Afford-able Care Act—most through Federal and State exchanges but some because they were able to stay on their parents’ plan until age 26 or are able to access Medicaid. 
Last month’s Gallup poll showed that 
the uninsured rate in this country has declined by 35 percent over the course of the last year and a half, or since 2013. That is a remarkable number. We shouldn’t hesitate from noting that it is just absolutely exceptional in the history of this country to have a one- third reduction in the number of people who don’t have insurance in such a short period of time. The good news is that most of the folks who have insur-ance are satisfied, just as is Christina. Opponent after opponent of the ACA tells us this is going to be terrible health care and that there is no way the government could have anything to do with a health care plan that people want. Of course, it is not government- run health care. It is subsidized by tax credits from the government, but it is private health care insurance, with the exception of those Medicaid plans. 
J.D. Power surveyed thousands of 
ACA enrollees and found that they like their exchange plans more than people like their nonexchange plans. So health care on this exchange is more 
popular than health care off of the ex-change. 
The good news isn’t just about the 
number of people who have coverage; it is that costs are coming down. For the accountable care organizations, which are an innovation in the Affordable Care Act to try to build big integrated systems of care, the pilot program just came in with their savings numbers, and $384 million were saved just on this one innovation alone. That is $300 per patient. That is a big deal because it speaks to a larger trend line in which we are for the first time in a very long time able to control health care costs. On an annual basis, last year we saw the lowest increase in medical costs, the lowest medical inflation number in a generation. 
But costs are coming down in part 
because of things that we put into place through the Affordable Care Act. My colleague Senator B
ARRASSO was 
down here yesterday with a wonderful chart about Connecticut. I appreciate his giving Connecticut a little bit of extra publicity, but his speech really was a wonderful advertisement for the Affordable Care Act. He noted that sev-eral insurers in Connecticut just came out with rate increase requests, and he had the numbers up there. They were 8 percent and 10 percent. They were sub-stantial increases. They were not unfa-miliar, because prior to the Affordable Care Act, that is what individuals and businesses were facing every single year. They were double-digit increases. 
The rate increases that Senator B
AR-
RASSO was referring to were completely 
in line with what those same insurance plans requested last year in Con-necticut. Last year Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield requested a 12-percent rate increase. ConnectiCare requested 12 percent. Because of the Affordable Care Act, which allows States to do reviews and amendments to those rate in-creases, Anthem’s request last year went from 12 percent to 0 percent, and ConnectiCare’s request went from 12 percent to 3 percent. We had in Con-necticut one of the lowest increases in health care premiums on record be-cause of the Affordable Care Act. 
So it is right that these health insur-
ers are requesting big rate increases. But now, because of the law we passed, they don’t get those rate increases in States such as Connecticut. They actu-ally have their numbers vetted. They have their actuarial analysis reviewed, and they get a better number to the benefit of my constituents. 
But this Supreme Court case that is 
going to come up is important because it puts millions of Americans at risk for losing many of the protections that I just talked about. It basically says that the Affordable Care Act was de-signed in a way to only provide these subsidies to help people get insurance on State-based exchanges, and if they were on a Federal exchange, they, by design, weren’t supposed to get these subsidies. Well, a lot of people talk about what 
the intent of the law is, but you don’t even have to get into the intent of the law. On its face the text of the Afford-able Care Act is absolutely clear, be-cause, yes, there is a reference—one line to the fact that subsidies will flow to the State exchanges. But the plain-tiffs’ case completely ignores another section of the Affordable Care Act which gives the Secretary the power to establish exchanges in States that don’t do it themselves. That is what has happened by the substitution of Federal exchanges for State exchanges. And, of course, the text of the bill just does not work if you believe the plain-tiffs’ analysis. The plaintiffs say this is supposed to be a penalty. If you didn’t set up a State exchange, we are penal-izing your constituents by withholding subsidies. Well, there is not a single line in the Affordable Care Act that suggests that this is a penalty. And there is the fact that the Supreme Court has said that if you want to do that, you have to make it explicit and you can’t have guesswork involved as to the carrot-and-stick approach af-forded to a State. 
Doug Elmendorf, who was the head of 
CBO at the time said: 
I could remember no occasion on which 
anybody asked why we were expecting sub-sidies to be paid in all states regardless of whether they established their exchanges or not. And if people had not had this common understanding about what the law was going to do at the time, I’m sure we would have had a lot of questions about that aspect of our estimates. 
Finally, the bill doesn’t work on its 
face if you believe the plaintiffs’ argu-ment. Why? Because the insurance re-forms are national. And yet the sub-sidies, according to the plaintiffs, are 
only for States that established their own exchanges. Well, the insurance re-forms don’t work if everybody doesn’t have insurance in those States. You can’t say that folks who have pre-existing conditions can’t be discrimi-nated against if people in those States don’t all have insurance. That actuari-ally doesn’t work. So the whole bill falls apart if you believe the plaintiffs’ case. 
I am, frankly, totally confident that 
the Supreme Court is going to find in favor of the government because there is no other way to read the Affordable Care Act other than to believe that subsidies go to both State and Federal exchanges. It is plain on the face of the statute, but certainly you have to get to it in the intent as well. 
We are starting to see that Repub-
licans are thinking they are going to need to have an answer if—in the un-likely case, as I believe—the Supreme Court decides in favor of the plaintiffs. 
But this is a pretty good summary of 
what the Republicans’ plan is to re-spond to King v. Burwell. The Repub-licans’ plan, if King v. Burwell goes in favor of the plaintiffs, is essentially a shrug of the shoulders. 
The predominant bill on the Repub-
lican side is offered by my friend Sen-ator J
OHNSON from Wisconsin. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3219 May 21, 2015 
claims that this bill is going to fix the 
problems in the Affordable Care Act if the King v. Burwell decision is decided in favor of the plaintiffs. But it is noth-ing except for just another attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. It is disguised as a way to address King v. Burwell, but it is simply an effort to repeal the law. You don’t have to read too deeply in the bill to figure that out. It preserves the subsidies for about a year and a half, but after that period of time it ends subsidies in the Federal exchanges and then it also ends sub-sidies in the State exchanges. 
Let me say that again. The Johnson 
bill doesn’t just end the subsidies that the Court might rule unconstitutional; it also ends the subsidies in the ex-changes that the Court won’t rule as unconstitutional if King v. Burwell is decided in favor of the plaintiffs. Thus, it is a repeal of the bill. It goes well above and beyond what would be nec-essary to address an adverse decision. 
It then goes even further. The John-
son bill then repeals the individual mandate. It repeals the employer man-date, and when you do that, the insur-ance reforms fall apart. Even Senator C
RUZon the floor during his filibuster 
conceded that you can’t protect people with preexisting conditions unless you also require people to get insurance. 
Lastly, the Johnson bill ends the es-
sential-benefits packages. So this guar-antee, that if you buy insurance you are going to get a basic floor of serv-ices, is no longer. The Republican re-sponse to King v. Burwell is simply to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and I hope we never get to the point where we have to debate how we address an adverse decision in the King v. Burwell decision, but this is a nonstarter. Ev-eryone inside and outside of this build-ing should understand that. I don’t think it is coincidence at all that over 30 cosponsors of the Johnson bill also support repealing the Affordable Care Act. 
One cannot deny that it is working. 
From the New York Times to the Washington Post to the Wall Street Journal, people understand that the Affordable Care Act is changing peo-ple’s lives—16 million people with in-surance, health care costs stabilized for the first time in many of our lifetimes, and quality getting better. The Afford-able Care Act works, and I hope that our colleagues will come together, no matter the decision in King v. Burwell, to make sure that it continues to work for Americans all over this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 5 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO. 1243 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I want to 
talk about trade for a minute. Let me start by saying that I believe in free trade. I strongly support swift renewal of the trade promotion authority we are considering today. We all know the benefits of increased market access for U.S. goods and services are good for American consumers and businesses. 
Renewal of trade promotion author-
ity will pave the way for future free- trade agreements between the United States and many other nations. Coun-tries around the world are not standing still on trade, and we cannot afford to sit idly by while they move ahead and engage with each other. History has shown that without trade promotion authority, there is virtually no chance that the United States will success-fully reach agreement to lower trade barriers with other countries. We have to have this authority. 
I am pleased to have the opportunity 
to participate in these deliberations, with a shared goal of making sure the trade legislation we are considering today ends up on the President’s desk. Toward that goal, I want to raise an amendment I filed that is currently pending. 
The proposal we are now debating 
will renew trade promotion authority for 6 years, but it will also renew trade adjustment assistance. This program will be expanded as well. The Flake amendment No. 1243 will strike the trade adjustment assistance title, or TAA, in its entirety from this package. It is unfortunate that Congress has grown accustomed to tying legislation that expands trade opening for U.S. businesses with this costly trade ad-justment assistance. 
I reject the notion that these trade-
offs are necessary. When Congress takes steps to embrace trade liberaliza-tion, it is a responsible reflection of the changing realities in the global marketplace. Almost 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of our borders. The export of U.S. goods and services has been and will continue to be a vital part of our economy. Adjust-ing and modernizing U.S. trade prior-ities to increase economic opportunity is a realization that there is a nec-essary shift in our economy. Changing economic trends and conditions are a recurring part of our country’s history. Look no further than the emergence of digital technology to see a familiar ex-ample. But it is only in the case of trade policy changes that the Federal Government is expected to layer on ad-ditional benefits for impacts to the workforce. 
When you look at this economy and 
you look at how we have grown and if you look at the shifts in the economy from the industrial age onward, there have been shifts and there have been dislocations, but this is the only area where we say: All right, we are going to try to account for that with adjust-ment assistance beyond what we al-ready have with the Federal Govern-ment. Now taxpayers can at least breathe a 
sigh of relief that an amendment of-fered earlier this week that would have dramatically increased the program’s authorized funding, this TAA funding, was handily defeated. 
If this program is approved, we can 
expect to see $450 million a year spent on training, employment, case manage-ment services and job search and relo-cation allowances alone. In fact, all told, TAA reauthorization will likely cost the U.S. taxpayers about $1.8 bil-lion. 
TAA benefits were expanded in the 
2009 stimulus bill. Those expanded ben-efits were, for the most part, continued from 2011 through 2014. Now, this reau-thorization will restore much of that benefit expansion from the manufac-turing sector to the service sector and will cover any jobs moved overseas, not just those related to countries with which we have free-trade agreements— this is despite the application criteria for Federal adjustment assistance hav-ing been notoriously lax, most notably when employees who were laid off after the Solyndra Federal loan guarantee debacle were awarded TAA benefits. 
To be clear, it is not as if those who 
claim to need trade adjustment assist-ance are somehow turned away from existing Federal unemployment bene-fits. These trade adjustment allowance benefits provide a weekly payment to those who have already received unem-ployment insurance benefits. Including unemployment benefits, these pay-ments can last as long as 130 weeks. 
Duplication in Federal job-training 
programs has been highlighted exten-sively in the past. According to a 2011 Government Accountability Office re-port, although some of these have been repealed, 79 Federal agencies spent $18 billion to administer 47 programs in fiscal year 2009. Again, some $18 billion was spent to administer 47 programs in fiscal year 2009. 
Supporters of trade adjustment as-
sistance claim that the needs of work-ers impacted by vibrant international trade are somehow special in nature, but when the price tag for all existing and newly authorized training pro-grams and funding reaches into the bil-lions, those arguments wear a bit thin. 
There have also been persistent ques-
tions related to the program’s effec-tiveness, TAA’s effectiveness. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Re-
search Service noted that ‘‘estimating the impact of the program, for example the differences in employment out-comes of TAA beneficiaries versus oth-erwise identical workers who did not participate in TAA, is extremely dif-ficult.’’ 
A 2012 study by Mathematica Policy 
Research commissioned by the Depart-ment of Labor did a comparison of TAA beneficiaries to those who were not re-ceiving them. They found that after 3 years, TAA recipients actually had lower reemployment rates. However, after 4 years, employment rates for both groups were statistically the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3220 May 21, 2015 
same. So, overall, TAA recipients 
ended up earning less annually. 
At best, the impact of TAA is a 
multibillion-dollar question mark. At worst, research says it is ineffective and even counterproductive. 
While trade adjustment assistance is 
of dubious value, we certainly know that renewing trade promotion author-ity is an incredible opportunity for the U.S. economy. It is my fervent hope that Congress will move forward in ap-proving legislation reauthorizing TPA. It is also my hope that one day we can recognize the benefits of trade and the fact that it lifts our economy. I hope we can advance a sound trade policy without these costly adjustment assist-ance programs. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor noting that my friend and colleague from Connecticut was just on the floor talking about the President’s health care law. It is inter-esting that he would do so at a time when we are seeing headline after head-line about ObamaCare plan premiums increasing again all over the country. 
Remember what the President said. 
He said: If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. 
He said premiums would go down by 
$2,500 for a family of four. What we have seen is premiums go up across the country. Now my colleague from Con-necticut says—in spite of all the money being spent on the President’s health care law, premiums are still going up. In his home State of Connecticut, they are going up, and they are going up across the country. 
There is a headline in the Con-
necticut Mirror: ‘‘Insurers seek rate hikes for 2016 ObamaCare plans.’’ That is in Connecticut. 
You know, it is interesting. I heard 
my colleague talking about the upcom-ing Supreme Court case of King v. Burwell, the implications of that case. He said the Republicans did not have a plan. Where is the President’s plan? He is the guy who made this mess. This is the President’s law. This is the law the Democrats voted for. 
You know, there is that old sign in 
the Pottery Barn: If you break it, you bought it. The President broke the health care system in this country. If the Supreme Court rules that he has acted illegally—he is the one who made the mess; he is the one who created the problem. 
When my colleague from Connecticut 
says ‘‘Where is the Republicans’ plan?’’ I say ‘‘Where is the President’s plan?’’ It is interesting. The President does have a plan to protect the insurance companies, but he has no plans to pro-tect the American public, the Amer-ican taxpayers. He has a built-in plan for the insurance companies so that when they wrote the policies this year, 
there was a decision made by the White House that those policies could be can-celed by the insurance companies if the Supreme Court ruled that the Presi-dent acted illegally. Yet, there is no path, no safe path for those American taxpayers who thought they were obey-ing the law if the court rules the way I believe they should based on the read-ing of the law. 
So of course people around the coun-
try are very concerned when they see once again that the insurance they are mandated to buy by President Obama and the Democrats, the insurance they are mandated to buy by the health care law is going to be even more expensive next year than this year. 
In Connecticut—the first paragraph 
of this article: ‘‘Insurance companies selling health plans through the state’s health insurance exchange are seeking to raise rates next year. . . .’’ 
It goes on to say: ‘‘Despite that, the 
carriers projected increased costs, cit-ing rising claims expenses and a planned reduction in protection against high-cost claims. . . .’’ Reduc-tion in protection against high-cost claims. Why? Well, it says ‘‘from a temporary federal program intended to provide stability for insurers during the initial years of the health law.’’ This was the bailout of the insurance companies that President Obama and the Democrats built into the Presi-dent’s health care law to get them to go along. 
It says, ‘‘The rate filings are pro-
posals, not actual changes.’’ Proposals, not changes. It says, ‘‘The insurance department will now analyze the pro-posals, accept public comments. . . .’’ This is the Connecticut Insurance De-partment. Well, you know, a lot of members of the public in Connecticut filed comments. I have them to share with the Presiding Officer and with our listeners today. These are the constitu-ents of the Senator from Connecticut, who comes here to the floor and says things are working great in Con-necticut. These are his constituents who say: 
I am barely making ends meet as it is. I 
was under the understanding that this was to be AFFORDABLE— 
With all the letters of ‘‘affordable’’ in 
capital letters— 
—healthcare. So far it has been nothing but 
a burden. 
This is a constituent in Con-
necticut—‘‘nothing but a burden.’’ 
He said: 
I was happy with my previous plan. . . . 
Weren’t so many Americans happy 
with their previous plan before the President, who told them if they liked it, they could keep it—well, that is why there is so much disappointment out there. And the President’s state-ment was called ‘‘the lie of the year.’’ 
This person was happy with his pre-
vious plan, but it was eliminated as of January 1, 2015. ‘‘My health care,’’ he says, ‘‘went up $100 for less coverage.’’ People are paying more and getting 
less, and Democrats wonder why this health care law is not popular. All across the country, people are paying more, getting less, and the Democrats are clueless as to why this is so un-popular. 
‘‘Please do not allow this increase.’’ That is just one of the constituents 
who wrote to the Connecticut Insur-ance Department, a public comment. Here is another: 
Please no rate increase. I cannot afford the 
insurance now. I pay $594.00 a month for my-self, a 60 year old female in relatively good health. I have a $5,500 deductible. I cannot afford to have some testing done because I don’t have the deductible amount. 
But we heard the Senator come to 
the floor and say all of these people have insurance. This person figures— well, she has insurance, but it is of no value to her with her $5,500 deductible. She can’t afford to have testing be-cause of the deductible. She says: 
It is bad enough we have the big security 
breach and we have to worry about our per-sonal info stolen in the years to come and you now want to increase our rates. 
That is what we are seeing happening 
across the country, that is what we are seeing happening in Connecticut, and that is what the public is telling the Connecticut Insurance Department dealing with these proposed health rate increases. 
This is another: 
I am writing to you regarding the . . . rate 
increase filing in particular and the health insurance filings in general. I am an indi-vidual buyer who does not qualify for federal subsidies due to my income level. I have been buying my family plan since before the Af-fordable Care Act has been passed and imple-mented. 
They had insurance and do not qual-
ify for a subsidy. Continuing: 
Since then— 
Since the Affordable Care Act was 
passed— 
buying a family health plan in CT has be-
come almost financially impossible for me to buy as it has become a real financial burden for me. Currently, I am paying some 22% of my Federal AGI for a high deductible (family deductible of $11,000) HSA plan. 
Now, the Senator from Connecticut 
may say: Hey, great. This person has insurance, insurance they can’t afford and they cannot use because of the de-ductible. 
It says: 
As you are certainly well aware before the 
passing of the Care Act my premium for health care was much more affordable. 
Why is it? Well, it is because the 
President decided he wanted to trans-fer money from one group to another, and this individual who had insurance that he liked, the family liked, worked for them, they could afford, now can-not afford, cannot use because of the deductible. They are still insured, so I guess the Senator from Connecticut would call that a big win for one of his constituents who is clearly being hurt. 
This is another one that has come in 
from Connecticut: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3221 May 21, 2015 
Are you nuts? This cannot go on. My ‘‘af-
fordable’’ insurance has already increased $200/mo and now you want more? My income doesn’t even increase this much. 
Paying the penalty for no insurance is a 
better option than this. 
DO NOT INCREASE! Learn how to live 
within your means like the rest of us do. 
This is what we are seeing. Is this a 
surprise that this continues to be a very unpopular law. Should it surprise? 
It surprises the Democrats, obvi-
ously, when they see that in poll after poll, month after month, the health care law is more unpopular than it is popular, and the reason is people don’t see it as good deal for them. They feel, in terms of their own health, their own families, their own communities, this health care law has been a burden on them, in their lives, and has impacted them as a family. 
There is another one from Con-
necticut: 
The ACA raised our health insurance ex-
pense (both premiums and deductibles) by 67% for similar coverage! 
Sixty-seven percent for similar cov-
erage. Remember, the President told a lot of people that what they had cov-erage on wasn’t any good. It wasn’t good enough for the President—might have been good enough for that family but not good enough for the President. 
So they had to buy, for similar cov-
erage, premiums and deductibles up 67%. 
Continuing: 
Please do not approve this additional in-
crease. 
This person says they would be fine 
with their own policy, but they weren’t allowed to keep it because of the health care law. 
I could go on and on. It is astonishing 
what we are hearing from the Con-necticut Insurance Department, with a response, when they were asked, and put out the filings of the requests for higher rates. It is just interesting. 
Here is one more comment from 
Southbury, CT: 
The alleged purpose of this pool, and the 
affordable care act— 
Alleged purpose. Remember N ANCY  
PELOSI : First, you have to pass it be-
fore you get to find out what is in it. 
Continuing: 
The alleged purpose of this pool, and the 
affordable care act, was to get and keep health care costs under control. My (sub-sidized) monthly premium is more than dou-ble what I paid before being forced into this pool. . . . If the ACA is a failure, then why am I being penalized? 
People all across the country believe 
they are personally being penalized be-cause of the failure of the Obama health care plan and this administra-tion who chose to, with one party and one party alone, force a very expensive, unworkable, really unaffordable, un-manageable, unexplainable health care system down the throats of the Amer-ican public. 
So we will see what happens when 
the Supreme Court rules at the end of next month. Secretary of Health and Human Services Burwell said that the 
administration has no plan. The Presi-dent told me personally—and the White House earlier this year—he had no plan to deal with the Supreme Court ruling that says his actions were illegal, and he has no plan to deal with so many people who thought they were fol-lowing the law, who have been hurt by the law. 
But he has a plan to bail out the in-
surance companies and to protect them because we know where the President is in terms of looking at this. And his proposal, his quintessential piece of legislation—the one named after him— has clearly done a significant amount of damage to families all across the country. 
I believe it has harmed the health 
care system, which has always been the best in the world. 
We needed health care reform in the 
country. We did not need what Presi-dent Obama forced down the throats of the American people with people across the country saying no. 
People knew what they wanted in 
health care reform. What they knew they wanted was the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower cost, and they have not received that under the President’s health care law. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nomi-nations: Executive Calendar Nos. 25, 26, 74, and 107; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session; fur-ther, that all time in executive session count postcloture on the TPA bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I will not 
object. I am pleased to see some judges finally moving forward. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, we 
expect some of these votes to be by voice vote. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRADE POLICY 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I lis-
tened to some of the debate earlier this afternoon—in between the effort to make progress toward getting a fair array of amendments for both sides— about this whole question of secrecy surrounding trade policy. A number of Senators were discussing it, and so I just wanted to take a minute to be very clear that I think they have a very valid point with respect to the se-crecy that has long accompanied these trade discussions. I would like to dis-cuss how I made it my paramount re-form to make sure we would have a new era of transparency, openness, and accountability in the discussion about making trade policy. 
I have always felt that if you believe 
deeply in international trade—the way I do—and you want more of it, why in the world would you be for all this se-crecy? That just makes Americans more cynical about the whole topic and 
makes them think that in Washington, DC, there is something to hide. 
I note my friend and partner in all 
this, Chairman H
ATCH , is on the floor, 
and he will recall when we began our discussions—and they went on really for close to 7 months in our effort to forge a bipartisan package—that I wanted to take a very fresh approach with respect to transparency, and I wanted us to be able to say that for the first time in the history of debating these policies, we would no longer have the country and elected officials in the dark with respect to really what is at issue in these discussions. 
So here is a short assessment of what 
really has changed. Of course, right now we are working on the rules for fu-ture trade agreements. We are working on the trade promotion act that sets out the rules for future agreements. Obviously, the first one will involve the Trans-Pacific Partnership—what is known as TPP—and there are a variety of others that are under discussion, particularly one with Europe. 
If the Congress—the Senate and the 
other body—adopts this package that Chairman H
ATCH and I, in conjunction 
with Chairman R YAN, have put to-
gether over these many months, I think we will have achieved our goal of making sure everybody in the Congress and everybody in the United States who chooses to can have the informa-tion they need about trade agreements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3222 May 21, 2015 
before a single vote is cast on the floor 
of the Senate or on the floor of the other body. 
Here is how the reform would work: 
First, it is required by law—in other words, this isn’t something that is dis-cretionary—that these trade agree-ments, starting with the Trans-Pacific Partnership, would be made public 60 days before the President of the United States signs that agreement. That means if you want to come to a town-hall meeting in Colorado, held by the distinguished Presiding Officer of the Senate—even before the President signs it—a citizen in Colorado can come with the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship Agreement—the entire agree-ment—in their hands and ask questions of the Presiding Officer of the Senate or any one of our colleagues in the Sen-ate and the House. 
After that 60-day period of sunshine 
and exposure, the President can sign it, and then there would be close to 2 addi-tional months—2 additional months— before the voting on the floor of the Senate and the House begins. 
So when I heard my colleagues—Sen-
ators whom I respect greatly—talk ear-lier today about secrecy and that se-crecy was no good and why couldn’t this be changed and why couldn’t that be changed, it made me want to come to the floor—and I will do an overview of all of the progressive reforms that have been made to this package; re-forms I thought were important for a new era of what I call trade done right—to make sure we corrected the suggestion that somehow everybody is going to be in the dark before the Con-gress and the country saw voting begin in the Senate and the House. 
Chairman H
ATCH is here, and he re-
members all of our negotiations on this point. It is really going to mean—with the 60-day requirement for sunlight be-fore the President signs the agreement and then probably 2 more months after it has been signed, before we start vot-ing—that a citizen can come to a town-hall meeting in Colorado, Utah or any part of the country and have that Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement in their hands in order to be able to ask questions about it. 
I certainly think that puts our trade 
negotiators and everybody else kind of on their toes because they know the American people and the Congress are going to have that document. That is going to start with the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. 
Now, Chairman H
ATCH and I made a 
number of other changes. In the future, it would be possible for the discussion of negotiations—summaries of the ne-gotiations—to be made public so people would also have more information about the process as it was going for-ward. We have lifted a number of the restrictions in terms of Members hav-ing access to the materials and staff having access to the materials. 
Because the chairman is here, I want 
to express my thanks to him especially on this point. We spent a lot of time on a whole host of issues: How you could 
put the brakes on a flawed agreement. I am glad the chairman can smile about our discussions on that point today, but suffice it to say they were pretty spirited. We had discussions on a host of these topics. I am especially pleased we made these very substantial changes on the issue of sunlight, trans-parency, openness, and accountability because I think my colleagues—who discussed it on the floor and many oth-ers who have been concerned about se-crecy in the past with respect to these agreements—when they get a chance to actually see the details that are in the reforms Chairman H
ATCH , Chairman 
RYAN, and I put together, are going to 
see we have made some very dramatic changes. 
Now, I think some specific changes 
here are areas that I would like to out-line. I am going to go to the question of major changes in workers’ rights and environmental protections because I know that a number of my col-leagues, when they talked earlier, were concerned about these issues as well. 
Suffice it to say, on workers’ rights 
and environmental protections, if we go back to the 1990s, back to the NAFTA era, these vital priorities basi-cally were just shunted to the side. It would be almost inflationary to say they got short shrift. They basically got no shrift. They just got shunted to the side. They were in unenforceable side deals, which meant that the United States in effect had to take it on blind faith that our partners would live up to their commitments. It was my view that many of my colleagues, particularly on the Democratic side of the aisle, were spot-on in saying that wasn’t good enough. 
This trade package will say in clear 
terms that the United States is done allowing labor and environmental pro-tections to be pushed aside and dis-regarded. Our partners will be required to adopt and maintain core inter-national labor standards. Core inter-national labor standards are going to be required of our trading partners. They will have to adopt them, and they will have to maintain them. That is not something that is to the side and is unenforceable. That is real. It has got teeth. 
Also, our partners would be required 
to adopt what are really common mul-tilateral environmental agreements, and these would be backed by the threat of trade sanctions. So these are major changes that certainly con-tribute to what I think makes the most progressive approach with respect to trade policy in the future. 
And for the first time, the President 
is directed under this piece of legisla-tion to make sure our trading partners adopt and maintain key laws. That is why, for example, I mentioned labor standards. And here is what those are: freedom of association, the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining, the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor, the effective abolition of child labor 
and a prohibition on the worst forms of child labor, and the elimination of dis-crimination with respect to employ-ment and occupation. 
Now, those are the keys with respect 
to the labor side. 
Here are the key protections on the 
environmental side, which I have again highlighted here at the outset. The bedrock protections here are that there has to be recognition to ensure that there is compliance with the Conven-tion on International Trade and Endan-gered Species Act, the Montreal Pro-tocol on Substances that Depletes the Ozone Layer, the Protocol on Preven-tion of Pollution from Ships, the Con-vention on Wetlands, the Convention on the Conservation of Antarctic Ma-rine Resources, the Convention on Whaling, and the Tropical Tuna Con-vention. 
This, again, is not stuck in a side 
deal but is fully enforceable, and not just rearranging inadequate policies of the past, sort of rearranging sinking deck chairs. This is better than any-thing that has existed before—better than the North American Free Trade Agreement, better than the Central American Free Trade Agreement. 
With these changes, our country is 
saying that we will no longer take it on blind faith that other countries are going to adopt stronger standards for protecting workers and the environ-ment. This is the first time the United States is setting the standard and de-manding that trading partners hit that mark. That is very real progress. 
I will close with just this point. 
Many colleagues who have been skep-tical about trade agreements always raise the issue about whether trade is somehow going to be a race to the bot-tom. What I have just described is a concrete way to have a new force for raising standards up and getting the standards up, because my colleagues are right that they have been inad-equate in the past. 
So whether you are for this bill or 
not, I hope my colleagues will take a look at the new sunshine provisions, because the American people are not going to be in the dark about what is in a trade agreement before anybody votes on that agreement here in the Senate and the House. 
I hope my colleagues will especially 
look at the new provisions with respect to labor rights and environmental rights, because the day is over when those considerations are going to be shunted to the side. They are going to be front and center, and they are going to have teeth. And instead of a race to the bottom that my colleagues have been concerned about, the United States will be where it always is, where we are at our best—forcing standards up. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
personally thank the distinguished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3223 May 21, 2015 
Senator from Oregon for the work he 
has done on this bill. It couldn’t have been done without him. A number of other people on his side have been very contributory and helpful. 
We are not there yet, but we are 
going to work at it. I just have to say how much I have enjoyed working with him on the floor so far. I just hope ev-erything will go smoothly so we can get this bill up and out and get the President what he needs to conclude these negotiations and also especially for our Trade Representative. Mr. Froman has done a very good job, as far as I can see. We will have to see what the TPP is like, but we will all have a chance to look at it for a con-siderable period of time before we have to vote on anything regarding that. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF JILL N. PARRISH 
TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH 
NOMINATION OF JOSE ROLANDO 
OLVERA, JR., TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
NOMINATION OF PATRICIA D. 
CAHILL TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING 
NOMINATION OF MARK SCARANO 
TO BE FEDERAL COCHAIR-PERSON OF THE NORTHERN BOR-DER REGIONAL COMMISSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Jill N. Parrish, of Utah, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah; Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas; Patricia D. Cahill, of Missouri, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2020; and Mark Scarano, of New Hampshire, to be Fed-eral Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, we 
are finally voting on the nomination of Jill Parrish to serve as a Federal dis-trict judge in the District of Utah and Jose Olvera to serve as a Federal dis-trict judge in the Southern District of Texas. Five and a half months into this new Congress, these are just the third and fourth judicial nominees that we will vote to confirm. That is simply un-acceptable. 
Both of these individuals were nomi-
nated last September—more than 8 months ago. After receiving a hearing in January, they were voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote in February. Their nomina-tions have now been on the Executive Calendar for nearly 3 months. There is no good reason why these nominees should have waited this long for a vote. The vacancy Jose Olvera will fill in the Southern District of Texas has been designated a judicial emergency. In fact, he will fill just one of six district court emergency vacancies in the State of Texas, which currently has a total of eight district court vacancies. 
The Senate has a duty to fill judicial 
vacancies no matter which party holds the majority. When I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee during the Bush administration, I worked quickly to schedule confirmation hearings for judicial nominees and moved them through the confirmation process with-out unnecessary delay. 
In the 17 months I chaired the Senate 
Judiciary Committee during President Bush’s first 2 years in office, the Sen-ate confirmed 100 Federal circuit and district court judges. I also served as chairman during the last 2 years of the Bush administration and continued to hold regular hearings on judges. We confirmed 68 district and circuit court judges in those last 2 years. 
Now, this Republican majority has 
taken 3 months to schedule a confirma-tion vote for a single district court judge, and after today’s votes only 4 district court judges will have been confirmed this year. In contrast, when the Democrats were in an equivalent position in 2007, the seventh year of the Bush administration, we had confirmed 18 circuit and district court judges after 5 months. That’s 18 judges under a Democratic majority compared to 4 under the Republicans. 
Nevertheless, the Republican major-
ity continues to make excuses for their continued obstruction and delay on confirming judicial nominees. Their ex-cuse is that the Democratic majority was only able to confirm those 18 judges in 2007 because those nominees were held over from the previous year. What the Republicans failed to note is that half or nine of the judges con-firmed in the first 5 months of 2007, were not among those left pending on the Senate Executive Calendar at the end of 2006. 
The justifications offered by the Re-
publican majority also miss the bigger picture. The Republican majority is simply holding up judicial nominations for no good reason. Since the beginning 
of 2015, the number of circuit and dis-trict court vacancies has jumped from 40 to 51 vacancies after today’s con-firmations. The number of judicial 
emergencies has doubled, from 12 to now 24 after today’s confirmation of Judge Olvera. The Republican majority is failing to govern responsibly and to fill judicial vacancies where they are needed. 
It is unfortunate that as we head into 
Memorial Day recess the Senate Re-publicans are allowing confirmations votes on only 2 of the 10 noncontrover-sial judicial nominees pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. There is nothing keeping the Senate from con-firming all 10 nominees—nothing, ex-cept for the mindset of delay for delay’s sake, which is unfortunately the hallmark of the majority’s leader-ship on nominations. 
There are nominees that remain 
pending on the calendar that will fill a vacancy on the Federal Circuit as well as a nominee to serve in the Western District of Missouri who were first nominated last year, had a hearing more than 2 months ago, and were re-ported favorably out of committee 1 month ago by voice vote. 
In addition, there are five U.S. Court 
of Federal Claims nominees who were first nominated a year ago. These five CFC nominees had hearings 10 months ago, were favorably reported out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote last Congress, and again ear-lier this year. We have heard no opposi-tion to any of these nominees, yet they have been in limbo for months and months. The CFC is where our citizens go to seek redress against the Federal Government for monetary claims. The cases this court hears include claims of unlawful takings of private land by the U.S. Government without proper com-pensation under the 5th Amendment, claims of veterans seeking disability benefits for combat related injuries, and vaccine compensation claims. 
We are debating trade policy in the 
Senate, yet the nomination to fill one of four current vacancies on the U.S. Court of International Trade has sat idle on the Senate Executive Calendar for months. Like the CFC nominees, the CIT nominee had a hearing last year, was favorably reported out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote last Congress, and again ear-lier this year. 
I urge the Republican leadership to 
clear the Executive Calendar of the many consensus executive and judicial nominations before we break for the Memorial Day recess. Let us show re-spect for our co-equal branches of gov-ernment and put these nominees in place to get to work for the American people. 
PARRISH NOMINATION  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will soon be voting to confirm Jus-tice Jill Parrish’s nomination from the Utah Supreme Court to the U.S. Dis-trict Court for the District of Utah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3224 May 21, 2015 
Justice Parrish, who currently sits 
on the Utah Supreme Court, is extraor-dinarily well-prepared to fill this va-cancy, and I hope and expect that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support her nomination. 
Justice Parrish is a well-known and 
highly regarded leader in the Utah legal community, who has served with honor and distinction on the Supreme Court of Utah. Her sharp legal mind, breadth of experience, and impressive judicial temperament prepared her to serve on the Federal bench. I cannot think of a more qualified nominee to fill this vacancy at this time. I support Justice Parrish’s nomination in the strongest possible terms, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
As a former chairman of the Judici-
ary Committee, I have long worked to secure confirmations for the most qualified judicial nominees. In fact, I have participated in the appointment of three-quarters of the judges who have ever served on the U.S. District Court for the District Utah. That expe-rience has given me a sense, both per-sonally and professionally, of the kind of individual who will serve well on the Federal bench. That experience gives me every reason to strongly rec-ommend Justice Parrish for this ap-pointment. 
Justice Parrish is a talented jurist 
with an impressive background. After graduating from Yale Law School, she distinguished herself in private prac-tice before appointment to the Utah Supreme Court. During her 30-year service, she has established a record of excellence both before and behind the bench, in both State and Federal courts, in both the private and public sector, and in both trial and appellate courts. 
The American Bar Association gave 
Justice Parrish a ‘‘well-qualified’’ rat-ing—a distinction the organization only awards to experienced nominees with the most remarkable legal ability and the highest reputation for integ-rity. Federal nominees who receive the ‘‘well-qualified’’ rating are also known for their breadth of experience, their success in the legal community, and their capacity for judicial tempera-ment. 
Not only does Justice Parrish match 
the ABA’s requirements, but in every respect, she exceeds them. The United States has the most respected judiciary in the world, and we expect our nomi-nees to the Federal bench to have a record of accomplishment in their cho-sen area of legal expertise. Justice Par-rish is remarkable in that she has not just one but multiple areas of exper-tise, bringing keen judgment to an ap-pointment that requires a broad range of experiences. 
I have every confidence that Justice 
Parrish will serve admirably as a dis-trict judge, just as she has served hon-orably on the Utah Supreme Court. I might say, in supporting her confirma-tion, I wish to thank Senator L
EE, who 
is not only my colleague on the Judici-ary Committee but also my partner in 
representing our great State and in recommending the best candidate for judicial appointment. We agree that Justice Parrish is a well-qualified nominee, and we strongly recommend her swift and unanimous confirmation. I call on my colleagues—Republicans and Democrats alike—to support her nomination. 
I know this woman personally. I 
know her very, very well. All of the qualities I have been speaking about I have personally observed. 
I think everybody here knows how 
seriously I take appointments to the Federal bench. In this particular case, I feel very, very good about this nomi-nation. I ask my colleagues to vote for her. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, we will have 
the opportunity in a few moments to vote on a friend and colleague, Jill Par-rish, who serves currently on the Utah Supreme Court. She has been nomi-nated by President Obama to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, replacing Federal Judge Dee Benson, with whom I have clerked. 
I can think of no one better to re-
place Judge Benson than Justice Par-rish. She is a friend, she is a respected jurist, and she is a dedicated citizen. She is a friend to all who know her. 
I am honored to have the opportunity 
to vote for her today, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Jill N. Parrish, of Utah, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah? 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask for the 
yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 100, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 184 Ex.] 
YEAS—100 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly 
Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin 
Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions 
Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune 
Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren 
Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON OLVERA NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., of Texas, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Texas? 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The result was announced—yeas 100, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 185 Ex.] 
YEAS—100 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
am sure everybody is interested in the state of play. Chairman H
ATCH and 
Senator W YDEN are meeting off the 
floor to try to identify a path forward. We would like to get more amendments pending and set some votes for later this evening. 
I hope we will have an update from 
the bill managers here shortly, but I want to remind everybody, we are going to finish this bill before we leave. We are going to deal with FISA and we are going to deal with highways. There is a path forward, if people want to take it, that could complete all of this work at a reasonable time—probably sometime tomorrow—or we could make it difficult, but the end won’t change. So I would just encourage at least some level of cooperation here because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3225 May 21, 2015 
we are doing TPA and we are doing 
FISA and we are doing highways. 
I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON CAHILL NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Patricia D. Cahill, of Missouri, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expir-ing January 31, 2020? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON SCARANO NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Mark Scarano, of New Hampshire, to be Federal Cochair-person of the Northern Border Regional Commission? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, free 
trade is very important to our country and to our future economic prosperity. Anyone who does not believe that is in denial, in my opinion. We live in a global economy and we need to lead on the issue of free trade. 
We must not make excuses and cower 
away from the opportunity in front of us. 
The trade promotion authority legis-
lation we are considering is a critical tool for the advancement of our eco-nomic interest throughout the world. 
This legislation is also proof that 
Congress and the administration can work together to increase economic op-portunity for Americans across all 50 States. 
Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Mem-
ber W YDEN have worked for months to 
get us to this point. I commend them for this effort and I look forward to working with them to finish this proc-ess. 
We know that 80 percent of the pur-
chasing power in the world is located outside the United States, along with 95 percent of the world’s consumers. 
As the middle class expands in re-
gions such as Asia, we have to make sure our businesses and workers have the ability to take advantage of the op-portunity that growth presents. 
Some estimates predict the middle 
class in Asia is going to swell from half a billion people to over 3 billion people 
in just the next 15 years. Are we going to sit on the sidelines while other countries gain preferential access to those consumers? 
Governor Branstad of Iowa, recog-
nizing the benefits of trade, sent a let-ter to me this week outlining his sup-port for trade promotion authority. The letter was signed by 74 other Iowans who represent businesses and associations that also believe it is crit-ical that Congress pass TPA. 
The letter states: 
Quite simply, international trade is impor-
tant to Iowa’s businesses, workers and farm-ers. A vote for leveling the playing field in international trade is a vote for Iowa. 
I couldn’t agree more with Governor 
Branstad on that point. 
Last year, U.S. exports equaled $2.35 
trillion and supported nearly 12 million jobs. Can any of us imagine our unem-ployment rate without trade sup-porting 12 million jobs? 
In Iowa alone, 448,000 jobs are depend-
ent on trade, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. And those jobs pay 18 percent higher wages on average because they are tied to trade. 
Americans know the benefits of 
trade. And we know that American businesses and workers are some of the most efficient and productive in the world. We just need to make sure they have the opportunity to succeed. 
That is why we are considering this 
bill—to expand economic opportunities for American businesses and workers. 
Free-trade agreements that lower 
trade barriers in other countries can do an amazing thing—they can stimulate our economy through exports without requiring additional spending. 
During testimony to the Senate Fi-
nance Committee, Trade Representa-tive Froman pointed out that the U.S. is already an open marketplace with tariffs that average just 1.6 percent, some of the lowest in the world. Yet at the same time, our companies face very high tariffs in other markets. Some ag-ricultural products face tariffs up to 400 percent, machinery can be up to 50 percent. 
We cannot let the status quo on 
trade, where we have an open market-place while our businesses face ex-tremely high tariffs, continue. Trade agreements set the stage for long-term opportunity. The citizens in Iowa who may benefit the most from more trade with Pacific rim countries are probably still in school. We can help their future today. 
Iowa exported $15.1 billion in 2014. 
That represents a 135 percent increase compared to a decade earlier. $9 bil-lion, or 60 percent of the exports went to TPP countries under current trade rules. Imagine what is possible just in Iowa if we reduce barriers in that re-gion. 
Roughly, $3.6 billion worth of ma-
chinery assembled by Iowa workers alone was exported last year. The goal of the legislation before us is to in-crease that number. According to the Department of Agri-
culture, fiscal years 2010–2014 represent the strongest 5 years of agricultural exports in the history of our country. We exported $675 billion worth of agri-cultural goods during that period. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership would 
create more opportunities for our farm-ers and ranchers in a region of the world that represents 39 percent of global GDP. You heard me correctly, we have a chance to give our farmers, ranchers, and businesses better access to markets that represent over one- third of global GDP. 
And while I support and believe in 
the immense benefits of free trade, I also oppose countries tilting the field in their favor through actions like undervaluing their currency. An under-valued currency makes export goods cheaper from the country with the cheaper currency and also makes it harder for consumers in that country to purchase foreign goods, like our ag-ricultural products. 
I support addressing currency manip-
ulation in our trade agreements. I have watched administrations of both par-ties put their heads in the sand on this issue. Everyone opposes currency ma-nipulation, yet little ever gets done. 
This TPA bill represents the modern 
realties we face from the global econ-omy that need to be addressed by our trade negotiators. 
The bill includes clear negotiating 
objectives for standards on sanitary and phytosanitary regulations that must be science-based. Having science- based standards will help limit disrup-tions to U.S. agricultural exports and even open up some new markets for our producers. 
Negotiating objectives are offered re-
lated to digital trade in goods and cross-border dataflows that are new and unique issues for the time we now live in. 
Clear guidance from Congress is also 
given for localization barriers and in-tellectual property rights. More trans-parency and consultations are also re-quired of the administration. 
This is a good bill that we need to 
pass so we can finish the free trade agreements we have been working on for years. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership and 
other trade agreements like the Trans- Atlantic Trade and Investment Part-nership, known as TTIP offer tremen-dous opportunity for our country and my home State of Iowa. 
Throughout the world, there are an 
estimated 260 preferential trade agree-ments, the United States is only in-volved in 20 of them. 
We must embrace our role in the 
world as the competitive economic powerhouse that we are. America is a country that leads, we have a chance to enter into a trade agreement that will set new rules and standards for one-third of the global economy. 
Getting TPA through Congress and 
completing more free trade agreements in the future can unleash economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3226 May 21, 2015 
prosperity that leads to more jobs, 
more economic growth, and more op-portunity for our workers. 
I will end by asking what our alter-
native is for future competiveness. Other countries are working on pref-erential agreements. Are we going to sit idly while other countries enter into strategic agreements? 
Should we let China start setting the 
rules of trade throughout the world? 
Should we allow other countries to 
continue blocking our agricultural products with nonscientific excuses? 
Should we watch the growing middle 
class in Asia get their food and prod-ucts from other countries without try-ing to compete for their business? 
The status quo on trade guarantees 
us a future with less economic oppor-tunity compared to passing TPA and new trade agreements. That is why we must pass TPA and then pass new trade agreements to help ensure America has a brighter economic future. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I want to 
take a few minutes today to talk once again about Congress’s role in advanc-ing our Nation’s trade policies and spe-cifically on the increasingly important issues of digital trade and intellectual property rights. 
Let’s keep in mind that the last time 
Congress passed TPA was in 2002. We live in a very different world than we did 13 years ago. Technology is vastly different. Commerce is vastly different. For example, in 2002, less than 700 mil-lion people worldwide had access to the Internet. Last year, that figure reached nearly 3 billion—with a ‘‘b’’—3 billion people. In 2002, e-commerce platforms such as Amazon and eBay were just be-ginning to gain widespread use. Special media sites and other platforms that today drive so much Internet traffic and user-generated content—sites such as Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter— did not even exist. 
In the last 13 years, an entirely new 
economy has developed based on these online platforms. Today, Facebook has around 1.4 billion—with a ‘‘b’’—active users, with approximately 83 percent living outside of the United States of America and Canada. YouTube has more than 1 billion users, with local interfaces in 75 countries and compat-ibility with 61 different languages. 
Mobile technology has similarly been 
transformed since 2002, as the term ‘‘smart phone’’ has become part of our regular vocabulary. Mobile phones were big and clunky in 2002 and were not good for much more than making phone calls. Today, smart phones per-form a myriad of functions, including streaming video from the Internet, video calling, digital photography and 
videography, and GPS locating, just to mention a few. 
The growth of the Internet and mo-
bile technologies has transformed our economy, the products and services we buy, and how we buy them. The ad-vances have significantly reduced the cost of moving products and services across borders and boosted produc-tivity in this country and around the world. 
Digitally traded goods and services 
are growing and are expected to con-tinue to grow. According to a recent study conducted by the International Trade Commission, in 2012, U.S. digitally intensive firms sold nearly $1 trillion or nearly 6 percent of our total GDP in goods and services over the Internet. About one-quarter of those sales were small and medium-sized en-terprises. The people behind these numbers are everyday Americans just trying to compete in an increasingly competitive global marketplace. 
Fortunately, our TPA bill includes 
upgraded negotiating objectives that reflect the world in which we now live. To address this new digital economy, our bill for the first time recognizes the growing significance of the Inter-net as a trading platform in inter-national commerce. It would also ex-tensively update and expand the e-com-merce directives from the 2002 TPA bill to require U.S. negotiators to ensure that all trade agreement obligations, rules, disciplines, and commitments apply to digital trade and that digitally traded goods and services re-ceive no less favorable treatment than comparable goods and services and that they are classified to ensure the most liberal trade treatment possible. 
The free flow of data across borders 
is critical to facilitating digital trade, as it allows U.S. companies to identify market opportunities, innovate and de-velop new goods and services, maintain supply chains, and serve their cus-tomers around the world. Unfortu-nately, an increasing number of gov-ernments are considering or imposing restrictions on cross-border dataflows, including requirements that U.S. com-panies store and process data locally. Our bill directs U.S. negotiators to en-sure that our trading partners refrain from such restrictions and require-ments. 
It also includes several new and ex-
panded negotiating objectives to ad-dress common regulatory issues faced by U.S. companies in the digital econ-omy. For example, the bill directs U.S. negotiators to seek greater openness, transparency, and convergence of standards, development processes, and to encourage the use of international and interoperable standards. 
I would urge any of my colleagues 
who oppose this bill to explain how they plan to give American workers and businesses in the digital economy an opportunity to thrive in an increas-ingly competitive marketplace—global marketplace, really. They talk about wanting to preserve jobs and protect 
Americans, but existing trade rules were written for a time long since passed. 
Beyond transitioning our country 
into this increasingly competitive world of technological growth, our TPA bill also takes a bipartisanship, bicameral approach to improving intel-lectual property rights protections. Protecting intellectual property is critical to the development of the dig-ital economy, just as it is critical to overall economic growth. 
Our Founding Fathers believed intel-
lectual property to be so fundamental to America’s future prosperity that they explicitly granted Congress the congressional authority to protect it. Since Jefferson’s moldboard plow and Eli Whitney’s cotton gin, American in-tellectual property has spurred on American job growth and prosperity, creating more competitive businesses here—right here in America. Intellec-tual property, be it for mechanical products, software, or semiconductors, creates value for individuals and Amer-ican businesses. In turn, these busi-nesses create jobs, spur economic growth, and enrich our culture. 
The simply truth is, the countries 
that strengthen intellectual property rights enjoy great economic benefits. They attract more investment, tech-nology transfers, increased immigra-tion, and ultimately more prosperity for their citizens. Yet, despite these fundamental truths, intellectual prop-erty protections around the globe are often fundamentally deteriorating and continually at risk. 
Our economic and strategic competi-
tors are well aware that the United States leads the world in innovation, but all too often they fail to under-stand why. Instead of fostering policies to advance innovation, they seek shortcuts to undermine and even steal American intellectual property. The tools they employ are numerous and very sophisticated. Some of these tools include nontransparent reimbursement and licensing regimes, unfair standard setting, and burdensome regulations. 
All of these mechanisms are designed 
specifically to pry away some of the most innovative and productive parts of our economy, tearing away the com-petitive edge our American businesses have worked so hard to create and stunting what could be a much more liberal playing field. If enacted, our bill would represent a significant step for-ward in strengthening the protection and enforcement of intellectual prop-erty rights around the world. 
It calls for robust intellectual prop-
erty rules, building on the strong intel-lectual property standards found in the prior 2002 TPA law. This includes re-quiring that trade agreements meet the same high standards found in U.S. law. Our bill also requires countries to fully implement the TRIPS Agree-ment, particularly the enforcement ob-ligations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3227 May 21, 2015 
To address the challenges and oppor-
tunities created by the digital econ-omy, our bill would ensure that right holders are able to keep pace with technological developments by control-ling and preventing unauthorized use of their works online. 
A growing problem around the world 
is that foreign governments are steal-ing valuable technology from U.S. busi-nesses. This type of trade-secret theft threatens to diminish U.S. competi-tiveness around the globe. It puts American jobs at risk and poses threats to U.S. national security. To address this problem, our bill calls for an end to government involvement in intellectual property rights violations, including piracy and cyber theft of trade secrets. 
The bill also ensures that govern-
ments limit the unnecessary collection of trade-secret information and pro-tects any information they do collect from disclosure. This is the first time TPA legislation has addressed these issues—these very important issues. 
The bill also requires the elimination 
of the price controls and reference pric-ing, which are used by many countries to deny full market access to innova-tive pharmaceuticals and medical de-vices. 
The bill further includes a new provi-
sion to direct the U.S. negotiators to ensure that regulatory reimbursement regimes that make pricing and reim-bursement decisions are transparent, provide procedural fairness, are non-discriminatory, and provide full-mar-ket access for innovative pharma-ceuticals and medical devices. 
Our bill also calls for the elimination 
of measures that require U.S. compa-nies to locate their intellectual prop-erty abroad as a market access or in-vestment condition. Finally, this legis-lation includes an expanded capacity- building objective, directing the ad-ministration to work with U.S. trading partners to strengthen not only their labor laws, as was provided for in 2002, but also their intellectual property rights laws. 
Once again, we live in an economic 
and technological environment that is very different from the one that ex-isted in 2002. Advances in Internet and mobile technologies have transformed whole sectors of our economy. Our bill positions our country to take advan-tage of the opportunities and face the challenges presented by the 21st cen-tury economy, and that is one of the many reasons why it should pass. 
I urge each of my colleagues to work 
with me to help move this bill forward so we can negotiate strong trade agree-ments that serve today’s economy as well as set the stage for America’s next generation of entrepreneurs and innovators. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Nebraska. 
BUILD USA ACT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
this evening to speak about our Na-tion’s infrastructure. In just a few 
days, authorization for our Nation’s transportation programs will expire. By August, the highway trust fund will run out of money. Our States and citi-zens will face the consequences of inac-tion in Washington. 
Americans depend on our Nation’s 
roads every day as they travel to work, bring their children to school, and transport goods to consumers. Trans-portation infrastructure is an essential component of our daily lives and for the national economy. As such, it must be efficiently maintained. But today, all across America, our highways and bridges languish in disrepair. Our citi-zens are no strangers to potholes, road closures, and ‘‘expect delays’’ signs. Moreover, as America’s population con-tinues to grow, expansion projects for our crumbling highways remain caught in bureaucratic redtape. 
For decades, it has been apparent 
that excessive regulations, coupled with inadequate funding and financing, have delayed badly needed road projects. I have firsthand knowledge of the challenges facing our Nation’s transportation system. In my home State of Nebraska, roads and bridges connect vibrant, urban communities with our open country. 
Before arriving in the Senate, I 
served as chairman of the transpor-tation and telecommunications com-mittee in the Nebraska Legislature. And while there, I spearheaded a bill that eventually became law. 
What is now known as the Federal 
Funds Exchange Program provides the State of Nebraska with the ability to voluntarily exchange Federal transpor-tation funding for State transportation financing at 80 cents on the dollar. In exchange for giving up this Federal funding, counties and cities receive State transportation dollars with more reasonable regulatory requirements. 
This program has been a great suc-
cess in my State of Nebraska. For ex-ample, in Buffalo County, federally ex-changed funding made a longstanding bridge replacement possible. A major arterial street in South Sioux City is up and running because of the program. In Scottsbluff, a city in the Nebraska Panhandle, they are using our State program to conduct important mainte-nance on city streets, and the program has also enabled Adams County to con-struct several bridges and a large cul-vert project. 
Despite these accomplishments in 
Nebraska, States across the country suffer from very rigid, regulatory re-quirements and a shortage of transpor-tation funding options. Our current system is broken. States not only need more options, but they need some relief as well. 
In fact, the Congressional Research 
Service estimates that a lack of flexi-bility has caused major highway 
projects to take as many as 14 years to plan and to build. 
The time has come to bring success-
ful practices from Nebraska to Wash-ington. For this reason, I have introduced 
the Build USA Act. This bill will create a new funding structure for State transportation projects. Specifically, the Build USA Act establishes the American Infrastructure Bank. The bank will allow States to remit Federal transportation dollars. 
States would then be able to receive 
90 percent of this money back and re-tain control over the environmental, construction, and design aspects of highway projects. This new strategy will infuse more dollars into our trans-portation system, and it is going to provide States with greater flexibility so they can build and maintain their roads. 
The revenues that are generated from 
State remittance agreements with this bank would also help fund other local infrastructure projects. Currently, the Federal Government only offers large- scale financing options for States seek-ing core infrastructure funding. So, as a result, smaller communities are often ineligible to receive Federal as-sistance for their projects, while major metropolitan areas benefit from easier access to financing. 
Under the Build USA Act, bank loans 
would not be subject to a minimum project cost or size. The revenue from these loans could help local govern-ments apply for core infrastructure fi-nancing at a rate that is going to be more competitive than the private sec-tor. 
The Build USA Act provides addi-
tional funding flexibility for those im-mediate transportation needs that we see all across this country. And, what is more, it accomplishes it without raising taxes. 
Under this proposal, a voluntary 3- 
year repatriation holiday would be im-plemented to generate seed money for the bank’s revolving fund operations. Recent estimates by the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation suggest that the first 3 years of a similar repatriation plan could raise as much as $30 billion. 
Although some Members of Congress 
wish to save these revenues for an overhaul of the Tax Code, most of us do acknowledge that tax reform is un-likely to come to fruition in the near future. Meanwhile, our Nation’s trans-portation needs are immediate. We bet-ter address them now. These dollars should go toward solving problems that our citizens experience every single day. As such, revenue should help pro-vide a long-term solution to highway funding, not just a one-time jump-start or a shot in the arm, as some people have suggested. 
This proposal is a long-term solution. 
It is a solution to issues that have plagued our Nation’s roads for decades. Individual States must have the flexi-bility to address the unique needs of their local communities. 
In order to address the transpor-
tation challenges facing our Nation, we need to have more options available. Although this plan does not address the immediate challenges facing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3228 May 21, 2015 
highway trust fund, it does represent a 
way to infuse new money into our Na-tion’s transportation system, while it is offering States new solutions to get transportation projects up and run-ning. 
It looks to the future. This is a pro-
posal for the long term. It is time that we start thinking outside the box. It is time to offer Nebraska’s best practices to help the Federal Government help itself. 
Our Nation needs to get moving, so I 
encourage all of my colleagues to look at this proposal, to consider this pro-posal, because it moves us forward into the future. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we 
have been talking over the past several days about trade. I wish to add a little discussion here about some of the spe-cific amendments that may come up over the next day or two. I am hopeful that we will have a vote on some of these amendments later this evening. 
It is incredibly important for us to 
expand opportunities for our workers and our farmers by knocking down bar-riers to trade. That is why more export promotion is a good thing. These are not only more jobs for America, for my State of Ohio, for the Presiding Offi-cer’s State of Arizona, but these are better-paying jobs as well. There is no question that not having trade pro-motion authority over the last 7 years has been detrimental to us in terms of losing market share for our workers and our farmers. 
Other countries are negotiating 
agreements. In fact, there have been well over 100 agreements negotiated without the United States being a party and that cuts us out. 
But as we do that, as we expand ex-
ports—which is a good thing—we must be sure that playing field is also more level and fairer, so that our workers and our farmers, and our service pro-viders have the opportunity to com-pete. 
That is all we are asking for. There are a couple of amendments 
likely to come up again this afternoon and over the next couple of days. One is with regard to this issue of when some-body dumps a product or when a coun-try has a policy of subsidizing a prod-uct, there should be the ability for American companies to respond on be-half of their workers. 
When products are dumped or when 
there is a subsidy on an import, there is a process by which you go to the International Trade Commission and seek help, show that you were materi-ally injured, that damage was done to 
you, your company, and your workers because of these unfairly traded im-ports. You then go to the Commerce Department’s International Trade Ad-ministration and make the argument as to what the countervailing duty ought to be, what the tariff ought to be to combat this. The problem is that in that system today, it is so hard to show material injury and to get that relief that often by the time you can get that relief, it is too late. 
We certainly found this in Ohio with 
regard to many of our industries, and a lot of them, therefore, are very inter-ested in this amendment. One is steel. Right now, there is a lot of tube and pipe coming into this country from overseas. We believe some of it is being sold at below its cost here in America. That means it is being dumped. We be-lieve some is being subsidized. That means it should be subject to counter-vailing duties. Yet, by the time you can get that relief, find that remedy, often it is just too late. You have lost your market share. You have lost the American jobs. 
So this amendment, which is bipar-
tisan and which is backed by over 80 American companies and trade associa-tions and many companies in my home State of Ohio, such as U.S. Steel, Timken Steel, ArcelorMittal, is a com-monsense measure that says: Look, workers shouldn’t have to lose their jobs before they can get relief. 
Seventy-eight of our colleagues 
backed this amendment in the Customs bill last week. In fact, Senator H
ATCH , 
chairman of the committee, who has done a good job shepherding this proc-ess through, included this amendment in his mark in the Committee on Fi-nance, which demonstrates how much support it has. However, we feel it is very important that it be in this legis-lation, in the trade promotion author-ity bill, which is the bill we are now de-bating on the floor. We can’t let it get left behind. 
It is interesting because other coun-
tries do have provisions in their laws to keep our exports out if they believe they are unfairly traded or for other reasons. Let me give an example of this by going to AK Steel, which is a com-pany that is based in West Chester, OH. It has 4,000 workers in the State of Ohio. AK Steel produces a high-tech steel called grain-oriented electrical steel. It is a silicon alloy used in the power generation and transmission in-dustry and is more commonly referred to as GOES. GOES steel is a specialty steel. It is an incredibly important product for AK Steel because it is one they are able to export. They are so ef-ficient at producing it and it has such high value that they are exporting it to a number of countries around the world. They produce this steel with 250 United Auto Workers—members of the UAW—in Zanesville, OH. 
Back in 2010, China imposed anti-
dumping and countervailing duties on GOES from the United States, includ-ing this product from AK Steel made in 
Zanesville, OH. They claimed U.S. pro-ducers had received subsidies through the ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions in the stimulus bill. They didn’t, by the way, but that is what China claimed. It was really retaliation that had to do with some other products that had been coming from China to here—tubular products for the oil and gas industry— and they were retaliating. Anyway, that was China’s claim. 
So our company, AK Steel, said: 
Look, this is not accurate. But these duties were put in place anyway by China. It reduced the exports by 92 per-cent from Ohio to China. So the United States—rightfully so—took China to the World Trade Organization and won the case because the facts were on our side. We won the case, but China ap-pealed it—without removing the du-ties. 
So this all takes time. Meanwhile, 
you are losing market share. Instead of immediately removing the duties, when they lost the appeal, China chose to run out the clock, only dropping their tariff a couple weeks before the WTO forced them to do it. So Amer-ican-made GOES was kept out of China for 5 years. This process took 5 years and cost American workers millions of orders. 
Meanwhile, the U.S. domestic pro-
ducer sought relief from their govern-ment by going to the ITC as well as the ITA—the International Trade Commis-sion and the International Trade Ad-ministration—and they found the do-mestic industry was not injured in a case against producers from several countries, including Japan, Germany, China, and Poland, despite surging im-ports and dropping prices. So on the one hand, they were not able to sell in China for 5 years and lost a lot of mar-ket share and millions of dollars. On the other hand, when they went to their own government to ask for a lit-tle relief on this product coming in, they were not able to show injury de-spite surging imports and dropping prices. 
The provisions we have simply clar-
ify that when a producer—a U.S. com-pany—is injured, when it is material injury as was defined in the statute, they shouldn’t have to wait until after the factory is closed and workers are laid off for us to stand up for our work-ers. 
By the way, just last month these 
GOES producers were cut out of an-other large international market. The European Union announced it would be imposing duties on this same electrical steel from the United States, again putting millions of dollars of exports at risk. 
So our provision is an attempt to 
help level this playing field. It is WTO- consistent; in other words, it doesn’t violate our international obligations. It simply clarifies what ‘‘material in-jury’’ means. It goes back to the origi-nal statutory language and makes it easier for American companies to seek 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3229 May 21, 2015 
the relief they deserve. This is going to 
help protect millions of American jobs that otherwise could be at risk because our trade laws haven’t kept up with international commerce. 
This is an example of one of the 
amendments we would very much like to offer on the floor. I know there is discussion right now in another room in this Capitol about whether we will be able to offer this amendment. It is an amendment by Senator B
ROWN and 
me. It is an example of what—if we in-cluded it in the trade promotion au-thority legislation—would make this a bill that is truly balanced, one that ex-pands exports, which is incredibly im-portant, as I said earlier, to the people I represent—our farmers, our workers— and to our State and our economy, but that also ensures that there is a more level playing field, that there is fair-ness in this underlying legislation. 
The second amendment we hope to 
offer is with regard to currency manip-ulation. We have talked a lot about this on the floor this week, and I would just say three things. 
One, this is something a lot of Mem-
bers in this Chamber have already looked at because 60 Members of the Senate in 2013 sent a letter to the President of the United States saying that with regard to trade agreements, there should be enforceable currency manipulation prohibitions—60. Some of those Senators are still in this Cham-ber. Most of them are. I would hope we again would have a strong message from the Congress, which is what trade promotion authority is, that in the context of trade negotiating objec-tives—and there are about 20 different trade negotiating objectives in TPA— one of them should be that we have a prohibition on currency manipulation, and it should be enforceable. 
Second, there will be an alternative 
amendment offered that agrees with our amendment in terms of the defini-tion of currency manipulation. Specifi-cally, it does not affect monetary pol-icy. It does not affect what the United States has been doing with QE2, QE3, QE1. 
By the way, for those who think that 
kind of monetary policy is export-ori-ented, look at the value of the dollar. It has certainly not been effective at lowering the price of our currency. In fact, our currency has gone up in value. It is about stimulus. We can argue about the merits or demerits of that monetary policy, but it is not affected at all by this amendment, and the amendment specifically clarifies that. 
So just to be clear, No. 1, 60 Senators 
have already signed this letter; No. 2, this is consistent with the Inter-national Monetary Fund definition, which says this is not about monetary 
policy. It is about real intervention. It is about intervention in currency mar-kets to be able to affect exports, to lower the price of exports unfairly and to increase the cost of our exports to other countries unfairly. 
Finally, I would just say this is about 
the balance we talked about earlier. The American people want to know that while we are expanding exports, we are also ensuring that we get a fair shake—our farmers, our workers, our service providers. There is a quote by a former Chair-
man of the Federal Reserve, Paul Volcker, that I think is telling. As a former Chairman of the Federal Re-serve, he said that, ‘‘In five minutes, exchange rates can wipe out what it took trade negotiators ten years to ac-complish.’’ 
As a former U.S. Trade Representa-
tive, I agree with that. Currency ma-nipulation takes away so much of the value of what we are trying to do on this floor. Those who support trade should be in favor of prohibitions on currency. This is a distortion. If you are a market-oriented fiscal conserv-ative, if you are someone who believes we ought to let markets work, then you should be against currency manip-ulation because it does distort the mar-ket. If you are someone who believes we should be expanding exports but it should be fair, you should be for this prohibition on currency manipulation and making it enforceable. And we should have the courage of our convic-tions. If we really do believe that, we should be sure there is some ability to make this enforceable. 
The countries of the Pacific region 
that are currently negotiating with us on the Trans-Pacific Partnership do not currently manipulate their cur-rency, but a couple of them have in the past. Notably, Japan has over 300 times before 2012. Malaysia has. It doesn’t make sense to put in place this provi-sion to say: In the future—once we have completed this agreement with you, we have knocked down these trade barriers in the United States and in your country to enable us to have more trade—you would not be able to manip-ulate your currency under this agree-ment. 
There is some polling data out there 
that indicates 9 out of 10 Americans agree with that, by the way. And of course they do because it is just com-mon sense. All we are looking for is the ability to compete fairly. 
Wouldn’t it be great if we could do 
both of these things—expand exports but also be sure we are getting a fair shake for the people we represent, the AK Steels of the world that have their products blocked in China and their products blocked in the EU and yet can’t receive the relief here or the companies in my home State that work hard to bring some business back from China? 
In one case, there is a small manufac-
turer in Cleveland, OH, that told me about this. It is a company that makes highly valuable steel products, and these are products that help hold up speakers at major concerts. They brought some of that business back from China. 
One day I was in their shop talking 
to them, and they said: Well, we are going to lose this order. Why? Currency manipulation. That made the Chinese imports into our country less expensive because they manipulated their cur-rency and lowered their value and made it much more difficult for them, therefore, to be competitive. They were concerned that they were going to lose that order despite the fact that they had done everything to make their plant more efficient and that the work-ers had made concessions. They had 
done everything right and played by the rules. That is what we are asking, that everybody be asked to play by the rules. 
So I hope the underlying legislation 
passes, but I hope it passes with these improvements to ensure that we do have a balance here; that we are able to tell our farmers and our workers and our service providers: You are going to have the opportunity now to access 95 percent of the consumers who are out-side the borders of the United States of America. That is a good thing. It will mean more jobs and higher paying jobs, paying on average 15 to 18 percent more, and better benefits. But also, by entering into these agreements, we are going to have more fairness for you so you can get a fair shake and be able to do what you want to do, which is to be able to compete in this global market-place and be assured that competition will be fair. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of the trade promotion au-thority bill which has been debated on the Senate floor the last few days. 
I begin, though, by complimenting 
my good friend and colleague from 
Ohio—one of the most well-respected Members of this body, I think an exam-ple of a true American statesman, and certainly one of our best U.S. Trade Representatives who knows a lot about the topic that we have been debating. So I thank him for his tremendous service for the people of Ohio and of our country. 
The TPA bill we have been debating 
is going to be good for the country. It will help move our country forward, provide tremendous opportunities for growth and expansion—for our farmers, ranchers, businesses, fishermen, work-ers, and those in the high-tech sector. 
As Senator P
ORTMAN mentioned, 95 
percent of all global consumers lie out-side of the United States—95 percent. What we need to do is access those con-sumers to have more opportunity. 
Currently, it is estimated that over 
38 million jobs in the United States are tied to trade. The trade agreements we are talking about on the Senate floor that would come after TPA will create hundreds of thousands of new jobs and new opportunities for Americans. These are good jobs, and we need more jobs. 
This has been one of the weakest re-
coveries of any major recession in American history. We are barely grow-ing at 1.5 percent, 2 percent GDP growth. These are not traditional lev-els of American growth. Why? Why has our growth been so slow? 
Well, there are many reasons. But I 
think the overregulation of our econ-omy by the Federal Government clear-ly is one of the major reasons, and trade agreements are exactly the kind of boost we need. What do trade agree-ments do? They reduce regulations, they cut redtape, they reduce taxes on goods coming in to American families. We need this kind of policy, in terms of less regulation and more freedom for our domestic economy and internation-ally. That is how we are going to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3230 May 21, 2015 
moving again. That is how we are 
going to get this economy moving again. That is how we are going to get Americans working again. That is why TPA is so important to begin this proc-ess. But TPA is also about American leadership—bipartisan U.S. American leadership. 
Since the end of World War II, every 
administration—Democratic, Repub-lican, it doesn’t matter—has wanted to lead on trade, has wanted to obtain trade promotion authority, and that has been critical to American leader-ship, global leadership, and helping our businesses and workers. 
It is also critical to make sure we 
have a seat at the table, to set the rules for the global trading regime as we have traditionally done—again, bi-partisan, Democrats and Republicans for decades have been doing this—and to help make sure we are leveling the playing field for our workers. 
The American workers—the Amer-
ican fisherman, the American rancher, the American farmer—can compete against anyone in the world with a level playing field. We have done that for decades. That is the American way, but we have to be in the game. We need to be the country setting the rules. We need to be the country that lays out trade agreements that have strong in-tellectual property rights protection, that open markets, that get rid of state-owned enterprises, that have strong enforcement provisions—so when countries cheat in global trade, we have the ability to enforce rules and strike back if we need to, to protect our economy, our workers, our farm-ers, our fishermen. 
I wish to talk a little bit about free 
trade as it relates to my home State of Alaska. 
Here are some facts about trade in 
Alaska: Already, in my State of Alaska there are over 90,000 jobs tied to trade. That is more than one in five of all jobs in the Alaska economy tied to global trade, particularly trade to the Asia- Pacific region. 
We are also a huge recipient of for-
eign direct investment—foreign direct investment that employs Alaskans. These are good jobs. Fourteen thou-sand Alaskans are directly employed by foreign companies, and there are tens of thousands more who are indi-rectly benefited. So many Alaskans count on these important jobs. 
In terms of exports, of course we are 
a very large State with a relatively small population—a little over 700,000 citizens. But in 2013, the State of Alas-ka exported over $6 billion in goods and services. Per capita exports, we are a powerhouse. We are one of the strong-est exporters in the country. And in terms of fish and seafood, we are the superpower of exports—not per capita but absolute exports. In 2013, we ex-ported roughly $2.3 billion in seafood and fish. 
The fishing industry is a very impor-
tant industry for a lot of States in our country, but more than half of all sea-food harvested in America comes from 
Alaska’s waters. It is also one of the biggest employers in my State. In fact, it is the biggest employer in my State, even more than some of the resource industries. There are 78,000 Alaskans employed in this industry, and these are the epitome of small businesses. 
Every fishing vessel, when you look 
at one, is a small business. What do they do? They take risks. I am sure some have seen ‘‘The Deadliest Catch.’’ A lot of times they are family-owned. They work hard, and they produce a great product—a great product—king crab, fresh Alaska salmon—a great product. These are classic American small businesses, which brings me to my amendment. 
As my colleague from Ohio men-
tioned, there are a lot of discussions right now. We sure hope Members of this body are going to have opportuni-ties to present amendments to make the TPA bill stronger. 
The amendment I have filed, that I 
want to offer, is a simple amendment to make a principal negotiating objec-tive under TPA focusing on making sure members of the fishing commu-nity—American Fish, American Sea-foods—have opportunities for more open markets overseas. This will ben-efit the hard-working fishing families all across America. 
This amendment will ensure that of 
the many TPA objectives, this one will be in there—more access to markets, more opportunities for these great American small businesses. 
As I mentioned, not only in terms of 
Alaska is this an important industry, this is a hugely important industry for the United States. In 2013, our country exported over $5.5 billion worth of fish and seafood. The commercial fishing industry in the United States in 2013 employed over 1 million Americans, with an income of $32 billion. Let me repeat that: Over 1 million Americans in this industry nationwide and $32 bil-lion in income—and, again, most of these are classic American small busi-nesses. This is who TPA should be fo-cused on. 
As I mentioned, the current TPA bill 
has negotiating objectives for a lot of important industries in our great coun-try—textile, agriculture, services, manufactured goods. There are about 20 specific trading negotiating objec-tives that the TPA bill directs the U.S. Trade Representative to get in terms of the free-trade agreements he will try to seek once TPA has been passed, and this is the way it should be. Those are all great sectors. Agriculture is hugely important to our country. But we should also have a similar negotiating objective for another very important industry in this country—our seafood industry, the fishing industry. 
This is a simple amendment. It asks 
that the U.S. trade negotiator focus as a principal objective to make sure this industry has opportunities just like all the other industries do and, impor-tantly, particularly as we are trying to work through this bill to see what 
amendments we can get on it, this is a very bipartisan amendment. 
Senator M
ARKEY of Massachusetts, 
on the other side, has a lot of hard- working fishing families. So from Alas-ka to Massachusetts, this is a very bi-partisan bill that will help small busi-nesses, and it help coastal communities that rely so much on fishing. 
Finally, I want to talk about TPA 
and go back to the issue of American leadership. TPA, open trade, and free- trade agreements can work for Amer-ica. They can work for our workers, farmers, businesses, ranchers, fisher-men. I know. I have had the oppor-tunity of seeing this firsthand. 
I worked as an Assistant Secretary of 
State under Condoleezza Rice on eco-nomic issues, on trade issues, and a number of the free-trade agreements we currently have in force were ones I had an opportunity to work on with many members in the Federal Govern-ment. 
Let me give two examples: the free- 
trade agreement we had with Singa-pore and the free-trade agreement we had with Australia. Once these were passed and the barriers to our exports came down, American exports sky-rocketed to these countries. As I men-tioned, American workers can compete with anyone. Give us a level playing field, and we will take advantage of it. 
U.S. exports, in terms of goods to 
Australia, rose 33 percent between 2004 and 2009. U.S. goods exports to Singa-pore were up $21 billion—31 percent— from 2003 to 2009. 
I met with the Singapore Ambas-
sador today. He reminded me that we actually have a trade surplus with Singapore, as I believe we do with Aus-tralia, because of these free-trade agreements. 
So free-trade agreements are a win- 
win for our country economically, but they also importantly deepen the eco-nomic ties that bind our country and our citizens to some of our most impor-tant friends and allies—such as the country of Singapore, such as the coun-try of Australia, and that is happening. 
Finally, though, trade is also about 
American leadership, it is about Amer-ican confidence, the ability to say: Open the markets and we can compete with anyone. We need that confidence back. 
For too long under this administra-
tion we have been disengaged from the world. For too long we have allowed other countries to be in the driver’s seat globally—where we have not been driving events, we have been reacting to events internationally. For too long we have been withdrawing, for too long we have been leading from behind, and for too long we have not been showing confidence globally; we have been showing weakness. Weakness is provoc-ative, and you see that all over the world. 
Now, I have been critical of this ad-
ministration’s approach to foreign pol-icy in a whole host of areas—its foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3231 May 21, 2015 
policy of global disengagement, its 
lack of confidence, and American lead-ership in the world. But I applaud the President for what he is doing now. I applaud the President for his strategy of rebalancing the focus of military forces and trade in the Asia-Pacific. 
I applaud the President for doing the 
hard work of seeking TPA. These are never easy votes. These are never easy votes. But we should support what he is doing because it means America is back. We are engaging again. We are not leading from behind. We are lead-ing the way countless administrations in the past have done with regard to global trade. 
This will enable us to determine our 
future, to drive it, not react to it. I urge my colleagues to vote for this TPA bill because it is a vote for Amer-ican leadership. 
I also urge my colleagues to vote for 
the amendment that is going to help many small businesses throughout the United States and coastal communities and our strong fishing communities. 
My amendment will strengthen the 
TPA bill, and I encourage all my col-leagues to support that amendment as well. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with Senator H
ATCH and Senator 
WYDEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SMALL BUSINESS AND TRADE  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I appreciate the 
chairman’s leadership on the trade pro-motion authority, TPA, legislation. As he has said, this bill creates the proc-ess by which the administration can negotiate trade agreements that have the potential to enhance trade opportu-nities for American businesses. The ability to reach new markets is critical for ensuring that American businesses can compete in a global marketplace. 
Trade has become increasingly vital 
for small businesses looking to diver-sify and grow. And yet, even though 95 percent of the world’s customers live overseas, less than 1 percent of small- and medium-sized businesses in the United States sell to global markets. By comparison, over 40 percent of large businesses sell their products overseas. 
As ranking member of the Small 
Business Committee, one of my prior-ities is narrowing that gap. I believe that, as we consider expanding trade relationships, we must make sure that small businesses have a seat at the table and the support they need to reach global markets and compete internationally. 
Does the chairman agree? Mr. HATCH. I thank the Senator 
from New Hampshire. Yes, I agree wholeheartedly. Small businesses are a vital part of promoting international trade. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the chair-
man. To that end, I have filed an amendment, amendment No. 1227, that would take a number of steps to ensure that our small businesses benefit from 
international trade and potential new trade agreements. 
Although I understand that we will 
not have an opportunity to amend the TPA legislation, I hope to work with the chairman to ensure that this amendment is included in H.R. 644 or a similar bill as reported by a conference committee to reauthorize trade facili-tation and trade enforcement functions and activities. 
Mr. HATCH. The Senator has my 
commitment to work with her to do so. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the chair-
man. I appreciate his support for this amendment. 
Does the ranking member agree that 
we should ensure that small businesses are supported as part of our trade agen-da? 
Mr. WYDEN. I do, and I support the 
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire that would make sure that we engage small businesses as part of our efforts on international trade. I also look forward to working with her to do everything possible to get this amendment included in H.R. 644. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the ranking 
member. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO BOB SCHIEFFER 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
later this month, a man we have all be-come accustomed to welcoming into our living rooms will leave behind a decades-long journalistic career and embark on a new journey with his wife, Pat. 
Bob Lloyd Schieffer has been a Pen-
tagon reporter. He has served as a State Department reporter. He has cov-ered the White House. And he has roamed the halls of the Capitol as a congressional reporter. 
It is rare to see any journalist serve 
in all four of the big DC national as-signments. But Bob Schieffer has. 
Bob has interviewed every President 
since Nixon. He has moderated debates between Kerry and Bush, between Obama and McCain, and most recently between Obama and Romney. He has won just about every award possible in broadcast journalism, including a few Emmys. And he has turned out chart- topping hits, like ‘‘TV Anchorman,’’ as the front man for a honky-tonk band. 
Perhaps that is the passion Bob will 
follow in retirement. We will see. 
But here is one thing we do know: 
Bob Schieffer is one of the most famous Horned Frogs ever to graduate from his 
beloved TCU. It is no wonder Bob Schieffer’s alma mater elected to name its School of Journalism after the man who hosts CBS’ ‘‘Face the Nation’’ every Sunday. 
I have been a guest on his show many 
times. He can ask tough questions. But he is fair. 
The last time I appeared with Bob, 
we talked about the new majority’s drive to restore the Senate. He later shared his view on our efforts with his audience. 
‘‘What’s happening is by no means on 
the scale of an Old Testament mir-acle,’’ he said. 
‘‘But,’’ he noted, ‘‘Every journey be-
gins with a first step.’’ 
I agree with him. It is not like we are 
parting the Potomac. But we are get-ting the Senate moving again, debating again, amending again, and working again. I think it is good for our coun-try. 
Perhaps Bob might take some of his 
own advice as he looks to the future too. 
Because every journey does begin 
with a first step. 
So whatever it is Bob ultimately 
chooses to do in retirement, whether it is penning a memoir or cutting more honky-tonk hits, it all begins with that first step. He will take it on May 31, when he signs off for the last time. 
I am sure it will be a bittersweet mo-
ment for him. But it is a step he is likely to ultimately welcome after so many years in the spotlight. The Sen-ate wishes him all the best in retire-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING RABBI YOCHEVED 
MINTZ OF CONGREGATION P’NAI TIKVAH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
in celebration of Rabbi Yocheved Mintz’ 10th anniversary with Congrega-tion P’nai Tikvah in Las Vegas, NV. Through her dedication to serving oth-ers, Rabbi Mintz has helped further Congregation P’nai Tikvah’s commit-ment to providing an inclusive and open environment for spiritual devel-opment. I am appreciative of her tre-mendous efforts on behalf of the Jewish community and the city of Las Vegas. 
Rabbi Mintz’ many leadership roles 
demonstrate the seriousness with which she takes her duties as a spir-itual leader, as well as her compassion and willingness to devote much of her time to helping others. Within the Jew-ish community, her responsibilities in-clude president of the Mintz Family Foundation for Creative Jewish Edu-cation and serving on numerous boards, such as the Jewish Family Services Agency and Rabbis for Reli-gious Freedom and Equality in Israel. Rabbi Mintz also brings her years of experience in Jewish education to the community through her work as found-ing board chair for the Florence A. Melton School for Adult Jewish Edu-cation. As the first female president of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3232 May 21, 2015 
the Las Vegas Board of Rabbis, Rabbi 
Mintz is an inspiration to many young Jewish girls and women who aspire to become Rabbis and leaders within their communities. In line with Congrega-tion P’nai Tikvah’s commitment to fostering a welcoming environment for religious life, Rabbi Mintz is a board member of the Interfaith Council of Southern Nevada and the Clark County Ministerial Association. 
For decades, Rabbi Mintz has pro-
vided opportunities for religious edu-cation to Jews of all ages, and I am pleased to stand today in celebration of the 10 years she has devoted to Con-gregation P’nai Tikvah in Las Vegas. I congratulate Rabbi Mintz and Con-gregation P’nai Tikvah on this impor-tant anniversary. 
f 
LEGISLATION PROTECTING VIC-
TIMS OF SEXUAL VIOLENCE AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. Presudent, on the 
floor yesterday, the majority leader claimed that last Congress, Senate Democrats ‘‘failed to bring any traf-ficking legislation to the floor.’’ 
I do not normally do this, but I must 
correct the record. The facts are ex-actly the opposite, and the Senate’s history must be clear on this. 
Last Congress, despite the opposition 
of the majority of Senate Republicans, including Senators M
CCONNELL and 
CORNYN , Senate Democrats reauthor-
ized our Nation’s two cornerstone pieces of legislation that protect vic-tims of sexual violence and human trafficking—the Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, and the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act, TVPA. Combined, these two bills reauthorized nearly $1 billion a year in funding for survivors of these horrible crimes. As we updated and modernized these land-mark laws, we listened to the survivors and the advocates who work with them every day to make sure that our legis-lation responded to the real needs of real people. We were not looking for gimmicks or shortcuts. Instead, we dedicated hours of time learning about what was working and what needed to be improved in order to best meet the needs of survivors. 
The end result was two bills that did 
more to prevent sexual assault and human trafficking and to reach more victims than ever before. Because of our comprehensive and inclusive ap-proach, these bills had the strong and vocal support of more than 1,400 local, State and national organizations. 
In addition to the successful reau-
thorization of the Violence Against Women Act and the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act last Congress, I later moved a comprehensive package of legislation to address the issue of human trafficking here in the United States, which included critical support programs directed at runaway and homeless youth to prevent trafficking in the first place. Last year that pack-age, which included the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, as well as the 
Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, the Bring-ing Missing Children Home Act, and the Combat Human Trafficking Act, was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee, which I chaired. I then sought the unanimous consent of the Senate to pass that bipartisan package, and 
every single Democratic Senator agreed. But Republicans blocked it. They objected to it. Senator M
CCON-
NELL failed to mention any of this yes-
terday. 
So if such assertions are going to be 
loosely made on this floor, let the record be clear about who, in fact, stood in the way of protections for trafficking victims last year. Look to see which Members voted against the reauthorizations of the Violence Against Women Act and the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act. Those two laws were passed with the votes of every Senate Democrat. And last year, it was Republicans who obstructed pas-sage of the subsequent comprehensive domestic antitrafficking package, sup-ported by every Democrat, that in-cluded critical trafficking prevention legislation. On top of all that, under Democratic leadership of the Senate Appropriations Committee, total ap-propriations for trafficking victims’ services more than doubled in fiscal year 2015, rising from $28.1 million to $58 million. 
When we look at the facts, it is sim-
ply outrageous and laughable to sug-gest Senate Democrats did not support antitrafficking efforts last Congress. These facts matter and I cannot allow revisionist history to muddy the ac-complishments we and so many advo-cates fought for in the last Congress. 
Regrettably, the newly empowered 
Senate Republicans have not continued the same survivor-led approach we took in the last Congress to pass VAWA and the TVPA. Instead they sought to use a new antitrafficking bill, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, JVTA, to expand the reach of the Hyde amendment and its restric-tions on health care for these women who are survivors of trafficking crimes. In doing so, the same Senators who voted against VAWA and TVPA in the last Congress inserted unnecessary and destructive politics into what was oth-erwise a bipartisan antitrafficking bill. The result was to needlessly tie the Senate in knots for weeks over this legislation. More importantly, Senate Republicans’ effort to expand the Hyde amendment undermined what should be the very goal of antitrafficking leg-islation—to help return dignity and self-determination to the lives of sur-vivors of human trafficking. That was certainly the goal of our successful ef-fort to expand the scope of VAWA and TVPA to reach all victims. 
It is also the goal behind the Run-
away and Homeless Youth and Traf-ficking Prevention Act that I reintro-duced with Senator C
OLLINS this Con-
gress. This bill, which was a critical part of the debate last Congress and 
should remain a critical part of the de-bate in this Congress, aims to prevent young people from becoming victims of trafficking in the first place. We know runaway and homeless children are ex-ceptionally vulnerable to human traf-fickers. These children literally have nowhere to go. And traffickers prey on this vulnerability. That is why Senator C
OLLINS and I fought so hard to add 
this legislation to the JVTA. The run-away and homeless youth programs supported by our bill keep kids safe, save lives, and prevent human traf-ficking in the first place. 
I was very disappointed when our 
amendment failed to pass by just four votes. What was most disheartening was that the principal objection was the inclusion of an important non-discrimination provision to ensure that no child, including those who identify as LGBT, faces discrimination by serv-ice providers. But I am not giving up. I will keep fighting to see this legisla-tion passed because it is so important. As the Polaris Project, a leading antitrafficking advocacy organization, recently told the New York Times: 
Successful efforts to combat modern slav-
ery must address the root causes that make people vulnerable in the first place . . . Until critical funding is reauthorized through the Runaway and Homeless Youth [and] Traf-ficking Prevention Act to support critical services, such as shelter beds for homeless kids, this population will face increased risk. 
Senator M CCONNELL and I may differ 
in our opinions, but I think it is impor-tant to get it right when it comes to facts. To say that Senate Democrats failed to move antitrafficking legisla-tion last Congress rewrites history and does a tremendous disservice to all of those victims and advocates who so re-cently dedicated years of their lives to the successful reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, and to crafting a bipartisan package of antitrafficking legislation that was ul-timately blocked by Senate Repub-licans. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE J. WARREN 
AND LOIS M CCLURE FOUNDA-
TION ON ITS 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am hon-
ored to recognize the J. Warren and Lois McClure Foundation on the cele-bration of its 20th anniversary. For two decades, the selfless philanthropy of the McClure family has allowed scores of deserving Vermonters to pursue fi-nancial stability and academic success. 
Established in 1995, the foundation 
was built upon Lois and her late hus-band Mac’s concept of ‘‘giving with warm hands.’’ Inspired by the idea of collaborative philanthropy, the McClures set out to give with the hope it would encourage benevolence among future generations. 
For 20 years, the foundation has col-
laborated with private and public part-ners to support low-income and first- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3233 May 21, 2015 
generation students, adult learners, 
and veterans. From providing transi-tion services for homeless youth, to promoting single parents’ education programs and mental health services for veterans, there are no bounds to the McClure family’s encouragement of life-long success. 
Institutions such as the Vermont 
State Colleges, the American Red Cross of Vermont, the Vermont Department of Libraries, the Vermont Vet to Vet Program, and hundreds more have ex-panded innovative learning programs as a result of the foundation. From cancer patients to legislators, the foun-dation has touched countless lives, while inspiring those to follow their dreams. 
The foundation has also been instru-
mental in supporting historical preser-vation projects at the Leahy Center for Lake Champlain and the Lake Cham-plain Maritime Museum. The McClures’ vision to inspire a lifelong cultural and historical education for all Vermonters, meanwhile maintain-ing a commitment to environmental sustainability, has enhanced multiple facets of our State’s diverse landscape for generations to come. 
As someone who has met many lead-
ers and legends within public service, I am continually humbled by the McClure family’s boundless charity and true dedication to supporting the com-mon good. 
Marcelle and I are proud to call Lois 
our dear friend, and we were blessed and honored to know Mac. We are for-ever proud of the McClures’ undying commitment to Vermonters, and we are thrilled to congratulate the founda-tion on 20 wonderful years of extraor-dinary and selfless service. 
f 
NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in recognizing May as National Mental Health Aware-ness Month. Sadly, mental health is a subject that often does not receive the attention it deserves in our society, de-spite the fact that mental illness touches the lives of tens of millions of Americans each year. Nearly 50 percent of American adults will develop at least one mental illness in their life-times, and in a given year, one in four American adults, more than 60 million people, experiences some form of men-tal illness. Of that number, approxi-mately 5.8 percent suffer from a serious mental disorder like schizophrenia, bi-polar disorder, or major depression. 
Mental illness can have a devastating 
impact on an individual’s overall health and quality of life. Those suf-fering from serious mental illnesses are not only at increased risk for chronic medical conditions, but they also die, on average, 25 years earlier than other Americans, due in large part to treat-able medical conditions. Adults with severe mental disorders are also much more likely to be impoverished, further limiting their access to health care 
services needed to help manage their illnesses. A 2012 study published in the Journal of Mental Health Policy and Economics found that the presence of a household member with a severe men-tal illness was shown to increase the likelihood of poverty in a home by more than three times. 
Mental illness also has a significant 
impact on our country’s economy. Ac-cording to the CDC, the economic cost of mental illness in the United States was a staggering $300 billion in 2002. 
The good news is that high-quality, 
evidence-based treatment for mental illnesses can be very effective. How-ever, fewer than half of those in need receive any mental health care in the United States. This is simply unaccept-able. Stigma, cost, and other barriers, such as limited capacity in some areas to serve all those in need, prevent many individuals from receiving nec-essary mental health care. It is impera-tive that we act to improve access to high-quality, evidence-based mental health care services in our country. 
Several weeks ago, I had the oppor-
tunity to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the Mosaic Integrated Healthcare Center, a state-of-the-art facility in Baltimore that will provide essential mental health services, sub-stance abuse treatment, and primary care services to the community. Mo-saic Community Services is the largest community-based behavioral health service provider in Maryland, serving thousands of children, adolescents, and adults annually. The new Integrated Healthcare Center will allow full im-plementation of Mosaic’s integrated care model, which addresses patients’ physical and behavioral health needs in a comprehensive, coordinated, and cost-saving manner. A pilot program based on this model, supported by a 2010 grant from Maryland’s Community Health Resources Commission, resulted in an impressive 78 percent reduction in emergency room visits and urgent inpatient care. Mosaic’s innovative system is a perfect example of the ways in which integrated care can improve quality of care, result in better health outcomes, and help generate long-term cost savings. 
I am also excited to be working on an 
initiative to improve access to, and quality of, mental health care in our country by facilitating the integration of mental health care services into the primary care setting through the col-laborative care model, developed by the late Dr. Wayne Katon, at the AIMS Center at the University of Wash-ington. 
In the collaborative care model, pri-
mary care providers treat patients with common mental health disorders, such as depression or anxiety, with help from a care manager and a psy-chiatrist who acts a consultant, re-viewing patients’ progress, making treatment recommendations and shar-ing his or her expertise with the pri-mary care provider and care manager. The collaborative care model not only 
improves patient care experiences and outcomes, it has also been shown to re-duce overall health care costs. One large trial, which focused on depression care in primary care clinics in five States, found substantial reductions in overall health costs, with an overall rate of return on investment of $6 in health care costs saved for each $1 spent on depression care. 
Mental illness affects the lives of so 
many Americans. This May, in honor of National Mental Health Awareness Month, let us commit to working to-gether to improve mental health care in our country by building on the suc-cess of integrated care models like the collaborative care model and the inno-vative system at Mosaic’s Integrated Health Center. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY ARFT 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize and salute Larry Arft, the city manager for Beloit, WI, on the oc-casion of his retirement. It has been my pleasure to work closely with Larry since he started in this role in 2003. Throughout that time, he has been a tireless and effective leader of the community. He has been a model public servant, and his talent and pas-sion will be missed by all who have worked with him. 
A Missouri native, Larry served in 
the U.S. Army in Vietnam. Following his military service, he graduated magna cum laude from the University of Missouri—St. Louis. It was there that his interest in local government was sparked by an internship with a St. Louis-area municipality. Since then, Larry has served with distinction in multiple communities in three States for more than 40 years. 
As Beloit city manager, Larry Arft 
has been the driving force behind ex-tensive economic development. During his tenure, Beloit has experienced strong and sustained revitalization of its downtown, in the Gateway Business Park, and along its riverfront. He has always been an enthusiastic partner with the business community, and Larry proved that Beloit was—and con-tinues to be—a good place to do busi-ness. He also engaged other govern-ment leaders in the area, around the State, and in the Federal Government. He set an example of how things should be done and how people could come to-gether to address challenges. 
I had the privilege of working closely 
with him in efforts to secure Federal funding for the construction and im-provement of local roads and bridges, allowing for safer and more rapid transport and economic development. In addition, I had the pleasure of work-ing with him as he led efforts to create good jobs and attract visitors to the area through the development of a Be-loit casino. 
Larry’s work extended well beyond 
the city limits. He actively engaged other communities in the region and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3234 May 21, 2015 
served as the president of the Wis-
consin League of Municipalities, advo-cating for issues important to cities and villages. 
I am grateful for Larry Arft’s con-
tributions to the people of Beloit and to the people of Wisconsin, and I thank him for his service. I know his presence and personal commitment will be missed. I wish him and his wife Karen all the best in the years ahead. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
NATIONAL SEERSUCKER DAY 
∑Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I 
rise in appreciation of seersucker man-ufacturers and enthusiasts across the country. I extend a Happy Seersucker Day. This uniquely American fashion has a storied history dating back to 1909. Louisiana is proud to have played an important part in introducing the country to seersucker apparel. The first seersucker suit was designed by Joseph Haspel at his Broad Street fa-cility in New Orleans, LA. 
This lightweight cotton fabric, 
known for its signature pucker has been enjoyed by Americans from all walks of life during our hot summer months. Mr. Haspel said it best, ‘‘hot is hot, no matter what you do for a liv-ing.’’ In the 1990s, Seersucker Day was established by members of this cham-ber to honor this unique American fashion. I proudly resumed this tradi-tion last year in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives by designating Wednes-day, June 11 as National Seersucker Day. I wish to continue this tradition in U.S. Senate by designating Thurs-day, June 11 as National Seersucker Day once again. I encourage everyone to wear seersucker on this day to com-memorate this iconic American cloth-ing. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF 
THE UCI-FRED HUTCH CANCER CENTRE 
∑Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today 
I want to congratulate the Fred Hutch-inson Cancer Research Center and the Uganda Cancer Institute for officially opening the UCI-Fred Hutch Cancer Centre in Kampala, the first com-prehensive cancer center jointly con-structed by U.S. and African cancer in-stitutions in Sub-Saharan Africa. 
The 25,000-square-foot regional can-
cer center is a state-of-the-art-facility that can treat up to 20,000 patients a year and includes an adult and pedi-atric outpatient clinic, a specimen re-pository, training center, conference rooms, and a pharmacy. 
Uganda has a substantial cancer bur-
den, and 6 out of 10 of the most com-mon cancers there are caused by infec-tious diseases. To address this unique health need, Uganda has invested in cancer research, training, and clinical care. The UCI-Fred Hutch Cancer Cen-tre will significantly increase patient access to cancer diagnosis and treat-
ment while furthering study of cancers in Uganda, particularly those that are infection related. 
This alliance brings together two 
international leaders in the field of on-cology care, training, and research and is ideally positioned to provide Amer-ican and Ugandan physician scientists with indepth training in the treatment of infection-related malignancies in both the United States and Sub-Saha-ran Africa. 
The relationship between Fred Hutch 
and the UCI dates back to 2004, and the UCI/Hutchinson Center Cancer Alliance was formally established in 2008. The program was formed to support the de-velopment of a strong biomedical infra-structure in Uganda that would con-tribute to the prevention, early detec-tion, diagnosis, and treatment of can-cer and related health concerns. 
In 2008, Uganda had just one 
oncologist who treated more than 10,000 patients a year. In response, Fred Hutch spearheaded an extensive med-ical training program that has trained more than 300 Ugandans and Americans to date in the treatment of infection- related cancers, including physicians, nurses, laboratory technicians, phar-macists, data specialists, and experts in regulatory affairs and fiscal man-agement. Today, the number of prac-ticing oncologists in Uganda has in-creased twelvefold. 
The UCI-Fred Hutch Cancer Centre is 
funded in part by two grants for which I was proud to advocate totaling $1.4 million from the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (through the American Schools and Hospitals Abroad Program), as well as an $8.6 million investment from Fred Hutch. The Ugandan Government has sup-ported the collaboration through dona-tions of land, provision of funding for personnel and equipment, and tech-nical support. 
I am proud to work with Fred Hutch 
in their effort to bring cutting-edge cancer care to patients and families all around the globe. This joint venture with UCI has the potential to dras-tically improve the lives of many peo-ple, both in Uganda and worldwide. I am proud that my State of Washington is home to Fred Hutch, and I applaud them and the Uganda Cancer Institute for their cross-national effort to effect this critical change. ∑ 
f 
LEONARD SCHOOL OF MUSIC 70TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would 
like to congratulate and honor the Leonard School of Music in North Charleston, SC, for their 70th anniver-sary. In 1945, the Leonard School of Music was founded by Mr. Patrick Leonard, who became a Charlestonian early in his life. He was a tromobonist for the prestigious Armco Band and the Circus Corporation of America. After traveling to Charleston with the cir-cus, he fell in love with the city and ul-timately started the Leonard School of 
Music. Mr. Patrick Leonard eventually retired from his leadership role at the school and passed it on to his son, Dan Leonard. 
Mr. Dan Leonard is a recognized ex-
pert in the field of music education. His work has received State, national, and international acclaim. He has taught and directed bands of all levels: elementary, junior high, high school, and college. Many of Mr. Leonard’s stu-dents are accomplished musicians and teachers. His specialized rhythm ap-proach has inspired Leonard School in-structors’ teaching strategies. 
The Leonard School of Music became 
a nonprofit organization in 2010. The school’s mission is to provide solid music education for all Lowcountry youth regardless of race, creed, or fi-nancial standing. On May 23, 2015, the Leonard School of Music will celebrate 70 years of music excellence. I applaud Patrick and Dan Leonard for their ex-pertise in music education, and there-fore recognize the Leonard School of Music’s accomplishment. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SID McDONALD 
∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor the life of Sid McDonald of Arab, AL, who passed away on May 15, 2015. He will be remembered as a skilled businessman who was com-mitted to bettering his community and State through public service. 
Sid was born in Springfield, AL. He 
earned a degree from the School of Commerce and Business at the Univer-sity of Alabama in 1961. However, his time at the University of Alabama goes well beyond his days as a student. He was a member of the University of Ala-bama board of trustees from 1992 to 2008, and served as the pro tempore of the board from 1999 to 2002. 
Sid began his career in public service 
when he was named to the Alabama Commission on Higher Education in 1970, the year that it was created. He had a passion for education and was in-strumental in establishing the Arab City School system where he became the first board chairman. Sid served the people of Marshall County in the Alabama House of Representatives for two terms and also served in the Ala-bama Senate from 1975 to 1979. He later served as Alabama’s finance director under Governor Fob James from 1980 to 1982. 
After graduating from the University 
of Alabama, Sid began his successful business career. He became president of Brindlee Mountain Telephone Com-pany, which he managed until it was sold in 2000. In 1983, he founded DeltaCom, a statewide long-distance telephone company, serving as its chairman until it was sold in 1996. He was one of the first outside members of the board of directors of Intergraph Corporation from 1997 until 2006. Most recently, he led the start-up of CBX Holding, LLC (Cold Box), an Arab pro-ducer and marketer of temperature 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3235 May 21, 2015 
controlled cargo containers. In addi-
tion to his many business adventures, he was very active in commercial and residential real estate development. 
Sid’s accomplishments and contribu-
tions to the State of Alabama have not gone unnoticed. He was elected in 2001 to the Alabama Academy of Honor’s One Hundred Living Alabamians and was elected to the Alabama Business Hall of Fame in 2010. The University of Alabama also dedicated a facility on campus in his honor, Sid McDonald Hall. 
I offer my deepest condolences to 
Sid’s wife Jane Plunkett McDonald, and to all of their loved ones as they celebrate his many life accomplish-ments and mourn this great loss. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DOWNS 
ENTERPRISE, LLC 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in order 
to pursue the American dream in to-day’s regulatory climate, small busi-nesses owners and entrepreneurs re-quire a variety of administrative and support services. Often, they are able to offer a helping hand to each other, building important relationships and creating economic opportunity across the board. Small Business of the Week, Downs Enterprise of Bastrop, LA, is providing these crucial services to fel-low small businesses, entrepreneurs, and veterans throughout northeast Louisiana. 
Troy Downs, founder of Downs Enter-
prise, LLC, has been assisting small business owners in northeast Louisiana for nearly 14 years. In 2001 Downs opened his namesake consulting busi-ness, focusing on managing, con-sulting, and developing local small businesses through financial, real es-tate, and logistical services. After nearly 10 years of success, Downs vis-ited the Louisiana Small Business De-velopment Center, LSBDC, at the Uni-versity of Louisiana-Monroe, located in Monroe, LA, with a financial manage-ment and business development and ex-pansion plan. Downs took advantage of all the LSBDC had to offer, attending every seminar and networking event available to him, even if not directly related to his business. Downs believed that just his being there would put him in a position to learn, and it worked— a sentiment that he now passes along to the businesses he consults. Through Downs Enterprise, LLC, Troy and his team have assisted in starting and managing over 25 successful businesses, created 50 jobs, and counseled over 100 individuals in the process of starting and maintaining a healthy business. 
After years of successfully guiding 
individuals through the hoops of start-ing and maintaining a business, Downs, a 25-year serviceman of the U.S. Army, saw the need for such a consulting service geared towards our Nation’s brave servicemen and women. After ex-periencing the difficulties servicemen and women have in adjusting back to a civilian lifestyle, the Downs Founda-tion was born. Today, the Downs Foun-
dation continues their original goal of assisting veterans in small business de-velopment, while also providing serv-ices in credit restoration, preparation for jobs, and counseling services. Down’s work in northeast Louisiana has earned him the distinguished honor of being recognized as the 2015 Veteran Small Business Champion by Louisiana Economic Development and the U.S. Small Business Administration. 
Congratulations again to Downs En-
terprise for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your continued commitment not only to your community, but also to your fellow brothers and sisters of the mili-tary. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:15 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 880. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit. 
H.R. 1806. An act to provide for techno-
logical innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fun-damental scientific discovery, and develop-ment to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 202(a) of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing individuals on the part of the House of Representatives to the Com-mission on Care: Mr. David P. Blom of Columbus, Ohio, Mr. Darin Selnick of Oceanside, California, and Dr. Toby Cosgrove of Cleveland, Ohio. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Ms. L
INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. P OLIS of Colorado, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEEof Texas, and Mrs. 
TORRES of California. The message also announced that 
pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 4412, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker reappoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trust-ees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 1:05 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:36 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2496. An act to extend the authoriza-
tion for the replacement of the existing De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to make certain im-provements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
At 6:28 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1735. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1806. An act to provide for techno-
logical innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fun-damental scientific discovery, and develop-ment to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2353. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 1735. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3236 May 21, 2015 
military construction, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, May 21, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the 
Legislative Activities of the Senate Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation During the 113th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114–50). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: 
S. 143. A bill to allow for improvements to 
the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 51). 
S. 808. A bill to establish the Surface 
Transportation Board as an independent es-tablishment, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–52). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 615. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to require the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–53). 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Appropriations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 2028. A bill making appropriations for 
energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–54). 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to 
Subcommittees of Budget Totals from the Concurrent Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (Rept. No. 114–55). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 335. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans (Rept. No. 114–56). 
By Mr. KIRK, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute: 
H.R. 2029. A bill making appropriations for 
military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–57). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 87. A resolution to express the sense 
of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Sem-itism in Europe and to encourage greater co-operation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 
preventing and responding to anti-Semitism. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 802. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with-out amendment: 
S. 1417. An original bill to reauthorize the 
United States Grain Standards Act, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mali. 
Nominee: Paul A. Folmsbee. Post: Mali. The following is a list of all members of 
my Immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. 
Contributions; amount; date; and donee: Self: 0. Spouse: 0. Children and Spouses names: 0. Parents Names: 0. Grandparents Names: 0. Brothers and Spouses Names: 0. Sisters and Spouses Names: 0. 
*Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Commonwealth of The Baha-mas. 
Nominee: Cassandra Q. Butts. Post: The Bahamas (Commonwealth). The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. 
Contributions; amount; date; and donee: 1. Self: $250.00; 2004; Barack Obama (Sen-
ate); $250.00; 2006; DCCC. 
2. Spouse: N/A. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Mae A. Karim: $500.00; 2008; 
Barack Obama (President). 
5. Grandparents: N/A. 6. Brothers and Spouses: N/A. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Deidra & Frank Ab-
bott: $200.00; 2008; Barack Obama (President). 
*Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jersey, 
to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Costa Rica. 
Nominee: Stafford Fitzgerald Haney. Post: U.S. Ambassador to Republic of 
Costa Rica. 
The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-
formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. 
Contributions, Amount, Date, and Donee: 
1. Self: $5,200, 2014, Kaine for Virginia; 
$10,000, 2014, Democratic National Com-mittee; $2,600, 2014, Menendez for New Jer-sey; $49,000, 2013, Presidential Inaugural. 
Committee 2013: $2,000, 2012, Democratic 
Party of Virginia; $1,104, 2012, Democratic Party of Wisconsin; $644, 2012, Colorado Democratic Party; $1,380, 2012, Democratic Executive. 
Committee of Florida: $920, 2012, Iowa 
Democratic Party; $920, 2012, Nevada State Democratic Party; $276, 2012, New Hampshire Democratic. 
Party: $2,208, 2012, Ohio Democratic Party; 
$276, 2012, Pennsylvania Democratic Party; $40,000, 2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012; $30,800, 2012, Democratic National Com-mittee; $644, 2012, N Carolina Democratic Party; $2,500, 2012, Menendez for Senate; $5,000, 2011, Obama for America; $35,800, 2011, Obama Victory Fund 2012; $30,800, 2011, Democratic National Committee; $5,000, 2011, Gillibrand for Senate; $5,000, 2011, Kaine for Virginia; $2,500, 2011, Menendez for Senate; $30,400, 2010, Democratic National Com-mittee; $500, 2010, Ben Chandler for Congress. 
2. Spouse: Andrea R Haney: $5,000, 2011, 
Kaine for Virginia; $30,400, 2010, Democratic National Committee. 
3. Children and Spouses: Asher D. Haney— 
none; Nava S. Haney—none; Eden N. Haney— none; Shaia A. Haney—none. 
4. Parents: Sandra Haney Hogan—deceased; 
William Chester Haney—deceased. 
5. Grandparents: Della Mae Scott—de-
ceased; James D Brabson—deceased; Oliver Joseph Haney—deceased; Grace Tuggelle— deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Joseph M. 
Haney—deceased. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be 
Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Finland. 
Nominee: Charies C. Adams, Jr. Post: Ambassador to the Republic of Fin-
land. 
(The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to Inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $32500, 2009, Democratic Nat’l Com-
mittee; $1000, 2009, Evan Bayh Committee; $500, 2009, Eric Massa for Congress; $30400, 2010, Democratic Nat’l Committee; $1000, 2010, Bennet for Colorado; $2400, 2010, Friends for Harry Reid; $30800, 2011, Democratic Nat’l Committee; $5000, 2011, Obama for America; $9200, 2011, Swing State Victory Fund; $5000, 2011, Kaine for Virginia; $2500, 2011, Akin Gump PAC; $30800, 2012, Obama Victory Fund; $1000, 2012, Gillibrand for Senate; $600, 2012, Clyde Williams for Congress; $5000, 2012, Akin Gump PAC; $1000, 2012, DSCC; $1000, 2012, Andrei Cherny for Arizona; $1000, 2014, Mark Warner for Virginia; $2000, 2014, Com-mon Ground PAC; $500, 2014, Nunn for Geor-gia; $2600, 2014, Friends of Don Beyer; $1000, 2014, Democrats Abroad; $1000, 2014, DSCC; $5000, 2014, Akin Gump PAC. 
2. Spouse: Vera Risteski-Adams: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Matthew Andrew 
Adams: $5000, 2011, Kaine for Virginia; $1000, 2011, Obama for America; $9000 2012 DNC; $13000, 2012, Obama Victory Fund; Maya Adrian Adams, None. 
4. Parents: Charles C. Adams: Deceased. 
Florence Adams: Deceased. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3237 May 21, 2015 
5. Grandparents: Charles C. Adams: De-
ceased. Nellie M. Adams: Deceased. David Schneider: Deceased. Mary Schneider, De-ceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Andrew M. 
Adams: Deceased. Kenneth A. Adams: None. Joanne K. Adams: None. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Adrian Adams Sow: 
Deceased. Diabe ´Sow: None. Christine 
Adams: None. Peter De Bolla: None. 
*Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of South Sudan. 
(The financial disclosure information 
for Mary Catherine Phee may be found on page S3309 of the May 22, 2015, Con-gressional Record.) 
*Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of 
Columbia, to be United States Executive Di-rector of the International Bank for Recon-struction and Development for a term of two years. 
*Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nomination of Douglas A. 
Koneff. 
Foreign Service nomination of Judy R. 
Reinke. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Brian C. Brisson and ending with Cath-erine M. Werner, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 4, 2015. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Peter J. Olson and ending with Nicolas Rubio, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 15, 2015. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Craig A. Anderson and ending with Henry Kaminski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 15, 2015. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Anthony S. Amatos and ending with Elena Zlatnik, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 15, 2015. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 1409. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to require States to sus-pend, rather than terminate, an individual’s eligibility for medical assistance under the State Medicaid plan while such individual is an inmate of a public institution; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1410. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide grants to improve the treatment of substance use disorders; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, 
and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 1411. A bill to amend the Act of August 
25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. C OLLINS , 
and Mr. K ING): 
S. 1412. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to qualify homeless youth and veterans who are full-time students for purposes of the low income housing tax cred-it; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. 
H
ATCH ): 
S. 1413. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve compliance in higher education tax benefits; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1414. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Ste-
vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to add Rhode Island to the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1415. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of large employer for purposes of applying the employer mandate; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. L EE, and Mr. H ATCH ): 
S. 1416. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to limit the authority to re-serve water rights in designating a national monument; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ROBERTS: 
S. 1417. An original bill to reauthorize the 
United States Grain Standards Act, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: 
S. 1418. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to provide an Inspector General for the judicial branch, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , 
and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 1419. A bill to promote the academic 
achievement of American Indian, Alaska Na-tive, and Native Hawaiian children with the establishment of a Native American lan-guage grant program; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1420. A bill to amend the Department of 
Energy Organization Act to provide for the collection of information on critical energy supplies, to establish a Working Group on Energy Markets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1421. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize a 6- month extension of certain exclusivity peri-ods in the case of approved drugs that are 
subsequently approved for a new indication to prevent, diagnose, or treat a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. 1422. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a comprehensive pro-gram to improve education and training for energy- and manufacturing-related jobs to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufac-turing-related fields, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 1423. A bill to designate certain Federal 
lands in California as wilderness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. K IRK, 
and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 1424. A bill to prohibit the sale or dis-
tribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. CAPITO: 
S. 1425. A bill to promote new manufac-
turing in the United States by providing for greater transparency and timeliness in ob-taining necessary permits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 1426. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the participation of physical therapists in the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. STABENOW: 
S. 1427. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to facilitate increased coordination and alignment between the public and private sector with respect to quality and efficiency measures; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARKEY , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. H EIN-
RICH): 
S. 1428. A bill to amend the USEC Privat-
ization Act to require the Secretary of En-ergy to issue a long-term Federal excess ura-nium inventory management plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): 
S. 1429. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the deduct-ibility of charitable contributions to agricul-tural research organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
M
ARKEY ): 
S. 1430. A bill to improve the ability of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, the Coast Guard, and coastal States to sustain healthy ocean and coastal eco-systems by maintaining and sustaining their capabilities relating to oil spill prepared-ness, prevention, response, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. 
K
ING, and Mrs. C APITO ): 
S. 1431. A bill to provide for increased Fed-
eral oversight of prescription opioid treat-ment and assistance to States in reducing opioid abuse, diversion, and deaths; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 01, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3238 May 21, 2015 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1432. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to conduct a study on the tech-nology, potential lifecycle energy savings, and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
H
OEVEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 1433. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to improve highway safety and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 1434. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish an energy storage portfolio standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 1435. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to promote awareness of organ donation and the need to increase the pool of available organs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ): 
S. 1436. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take land into trust for cer-tain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. E NZI, and Mr. B URR): 
S. 1437. A bill to amend title 32, United 
States Code, to authorize and provide flexi-bility for the use of the National Guard for support of civilian firefighting activities; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. H ELL-
ER): 
S. 1438. A bill to allow women greater ac-
cess to safe and effective contraception; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. R
EED): 
S. 1439. A bill to amend part E of title IV 
of the Social Security Act to allow States that provide foster care for children up to age 21 to serve former foster youths through age 23 under the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1440. A bill to amend the Federal Credit 
Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1441. A bill to prevent the militarization 
of Federal, State, and local law enforcement by Federal excess property transfers and grant programs; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. 1442. A bill to amend the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act to strike a provision relating to the budget neutrality of any renegotiated Standard Reinsurance Agreement; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 1443. A bill to amend the Indian Employ-
ment, Training and Related Services Dem-onstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the abil-ity of Indian tribes to integrate the employ-ment, training, and related services from di-verse Federal sources, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1444. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax re-garding the taxation of distilled spirits; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Ms. 
C
ANTWELL ): 
S. 1445. A bill to improve the Microloan 
Program of the Small Business Administra-tion; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 1446. A bill to establish the Stop, Ob-
serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 1447. A bill to provide for the implemen-
tation of a Sustainable Chemistry Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 1448. A bill to designate the Frank 
Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. P
ETERS ): 
S. 1449. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 to add cer-tain medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles to the advanced technology vehicles manu-facturing incentive program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1450. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to modify the hours of employ-ment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a full-time basis by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1451. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adjudicate and pay sur-vivor’s benefits without requiring the filing of a formal claim, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1452. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand eligibility for reim-bursements for emergency medical treat-ment and to require that the Department of Veterans Affairs be treated as a partici-pating provider for the recovery of the costs of certain medical care, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1453. A bill to amend part B of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to apply 
deemed enrollment to residents of Puerto Rico and to provide a special enrollment pe-riod and a reduction in the late enrollment penalties for certain residents of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. 
B
LUNT ): 
S. 1454. A bill to enhance interstate com-
merce by creating a National Hiring Stand-ard for Motor Carriers; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. Res. 183. A resolution calling for suspen-
sion of construction of artificial land forma-tions on islands, reefs, shoals, and other fea-tures of the Spratly Islands and for a peace-ful and multilateral resolution to the South China Sea territorial dispute; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. 
WARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
CARDIN , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 184. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that conversion therapy, including efforts by mental health practi-tioners to change the sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression of an individual, is dangerous and harmful and should be prohibited from being practiced on minors; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. H ELLER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ): 
S. Res. 185. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of May 2015 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. 
B
OXER ): 
S. Res. 186. A resolution designating the 
week of May 17 through May 23, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Public Works Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
I
SAKSON , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. Res. 187. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the month of May 2015, as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 171 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
171, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of the Department of Veterans Affairs of certain disabled veterans for travel in connection with certain special disabil-ities rehabilitation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 197 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 197, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to im-prove delivery of high-quality assess-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 241 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
241, a bill to amend title 38, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3239 May 21, 2015 
States Code, to provide for the pay-
ment of temporary compensation to a surviving spouse of a veteran upon the death of the veteran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordi-nation of the Federal permitting proc-ess through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 293 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
293, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to establish a proce-dure for approval of certain settle-ments. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 423 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach- Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written privacy notice re-quirement. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 441, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 453 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 453, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State require-ments and procedures for veterans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians. 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other purposes. 
S. 626 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) and the Senator from Ha-
waii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Partnership Program. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1183 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1183, a bill to increase the participation of women, girls, and underrepresented minorities in STEM fields, to encourage and support stu-dents from all economic backgrounds to pursue STEM career opportunities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1188 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1188, a bill to provide for a temporary, emergency authorization of defense ar-ticles, defense services, and related training directly to the Kurdistan Re-gional Government, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1214, a bill to pre-vent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1252, a bill to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition se-curity, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, im-prove nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1381 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1381, a bill to require the President to make the text of trade agreements 
available to the public in order for those agreements to receive expedited consideration from Congress. 
S. 1382 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1382, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual ori-entation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation 
or gender identity of the child in-volved. 
S. 1389 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1389, a bill to authorize exportation of consumer communica-tions devices to Cuba and the provision of telecommunications services to Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 1393 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1393, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in each regulatory impact analysis for a proposed or final rule an analysis that does not include any other proposed or unimplemented rule. 
S. 1400 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1400, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Devel-opment to provide access to and man-age the distribution of excess or sur-plus property to veteran-owned small businesses. 
S. CON. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 17, a concurrent resolution establishing a joint select committee to address regulatory re-form. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 143, a resolution supporting efforts to ensure that students have access to debt-free higher education. 
S. RES. 176 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 176, a resolution des-ignating September 2015 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1246 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1246 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3240 May 21, 2015 
bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1273 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1273 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1299 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1343 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the 
Senator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1343 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organiza-tions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1371 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1371 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
At the request of Ms. W
ARREN , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1371 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1314, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1387 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1387 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1414. A bill to amend the Magnu-
son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to add Rhode Island to the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Manage-ment Council; to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today, 
along with my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE , I am introducing the 
Rhode Island Fishermen’s Fairness Act of 2015. 
This legislation seeks to extend sim-
ple fairness to our State’s fishermen by giving Rhode Island voting representa-tion on the Mid-Atlantic Fishery-Man-agement Council MAFMC. The council manages stocks, like squid, which are critically important to the fishing in-dustry in my State. Rhode Island’s commercial fishing industry depends more on MAFMC-managed stocks than those managed by the New England Fisheries Management Council, where Rhode Island is a member. More than that, Rhode Island has a larger stake in the Mid-Atlantic fishery than many of the states that currently hold seats on the MAFMC. 
This is not a new proposal, nor is it 
unprecedented. North Carolina was added to the MAFMC through an amendment to the Sustainable Fish-eries Act in 1996. In addition, the last reauthorization of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act required a report on this issue. Now it is time to make this change. 
I was pleased in the last Congress 
that this legislation was included in the Commerce Committee’s discussion draft for the reauthorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Act, as well as in the reauthorization bill introduced by then-Oceans Subcommittee Chairman Mark Begich at the end of last year. I hope that in this Congress we can take this commonsense step to bring fair-ness to Rhode Island’s fishermen. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: 
S. 1418. A bill to amend title 28, 
United States Code, to provide an In-spector General for the judicial branch, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today I am reintroducing the Judicial Transparency and Ethics Enhancement Act, a bill that would establish within the judicial branch an Office of Inspec-tor General to assist the Judiciary with its ethical obligations as well as to ensure taxpayer dollars are not lost to waste, fraud, or abuse. This bill will help ensure that our Federal judicial system remains free of corruption, bias, and hypocrisy. 
The facts demonstrate that the insti-
tution of the Inspector General has been crucial in detecting, exposing and deterring problems within our govern-ment. The job of the Inspector General is to be the first line of defense against fraud, waste and abuse. In collabora-tion with whistleblowers, Inspectors General have been extremely effective in their efforts to expose and help cor-rect these wrongs. 
That is why, during my many years 
in Congress, I have worked hard to strengthen the oversight role of Inspec-
tors General throughout the Federal government. I have come to rely on IGs and whistleblowers, to ensure that our tax dollars are spent according to the letter and spirit of the law. When that doesn’t happen, we in Congress need to know about it and take corrective ac-tion. 
During the past fiscal year, Congress 
appropriated nearly $7 billion in tax-payer money to the Federal judiciary. To put this in context, the Small Busi-ness Administration and the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice each received a similar or less amount than the judiciary. Yet both of these entities have an Office of Inspec-tor General. If we in Congress believed that these entities could use an Inspec-tor General, I cannot see why the Judi-ciary wouldn’t deserve the same assist-ance. 
But there is an additional reason why 
the Judiciary needs an Inspector Gen-eral. The fact remains that the current practice of self-regulation of judges with respect to ethics and the judicial code of conduct has time and time again proven inadequate. I would point out to my colleagues two recent events here in the Senate that support this conclusion. 
In the past 6 years, the Senate re-
ceived articles of impeachment for not one but two Federal judges. In the first case, former Judge Samuel B. Kent, al-though charged with multiple counts of sexual assault, pled guilty to obstruc-tion of justice. Who did he obstruct? Who did he lie to? He did this to his fel-low judges, who were assembled to in-vestigate the allegations of his obscene and criminal behavior. But it took a criminal investigation by the Depart-ment of Justice to uncover his false statements to his colleagues as well as substantiate the horrendous claims made against him. 
In the second case, the Senate found 
former Judge G. Thomas Porteous, Jr. guilty on multiple articles of impeach-ment, including accepting money from attorneys who had a case pending be-fore him in his court and committing perjury by falsifying his name on bank-ruptcy filings. Once again, this Judge’s misbehavior came to light through a Federal criminal investigation, after which another judicial committee had to be organized to investigate their fel-low judge. 
What’s more, in each case the dis-
graced judge tried to game the system in order to retain his $174,000 salary. Rather than resign their commissions, each first tried to claim disability sta-tus that would allow each to continue to receive payment, even if in prison. Then both played chicken with Con-gress daring us to strip them of their pay by impeaching and convicting them. I am pleased that we put our foot down and said ‘‘No.’’ 
This bill would establish an Office of 
Inspector General for the judicial branch. The IG’s responsibilities would include conducting investigations of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3241 May 21, 2015 
possible judicial misconduct, inves-
tigating waste fraud and abuse, and recommending changes in laws and reg-ulations governing the federal judici-ary. The bill would require the IG to provide the Chief Justice and Congress with an annual report on its activities, as well as refer matters that may con-stitute a criminal violation to the De-partment of Justice. In addition, the bill establishes whistleblower protec-tions for judicial branch employees. 
Ensuring a fair and independent judi-
ciary is critical to our Constitutional checks and balances. Judges are sup-posed to maintain impartiality. They are supposed to be free from conflicts of interest. An independent watchdog for the federal judiciary will help its members comply with the ethics rules and promote credibility within the ju-dicial branch of government. Whistle-blower protections for judiciary branch employees will help keep the judiciary accountable. The Judicial Trans-parency and Ethics Enhancement Act will not only help ensure continued public confidence in our Federal courts and keep them beyond reproach, it will strengthen our judicial branch. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1418 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Judicial 
Transparency and Ethics Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE JUDICIAL 
BRANCH. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND DUTIES .—Part III 
of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 60—INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR 
THE JUDICIAL BRANCH 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘1021. Establishment. ‘‘1022. Appointment, term, and removal of In-
spector General. 
‘‘1023. Duties. ‘‘1024. Powers. 
‘‘1025. Reports. ‘‘1026. Whistleblower protection. 
‘‘§ 1021. Establishment 
‘‘There is established for the judicial 
branch of the Government the Office of In-spector General for the Judicial Branch (in this chapter referred to as the ‘Office’). 
‘‘§ 1022. Appointment, term, and removal of 
Inspector General 
‘‘(a) A
PPOINTMENT .—The head of the Office 
shall be the Inspector General, who shall be appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States after consultation with the majority and minority leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(b) T
ERM.—The Inspector General shall 
serve for a term of 4 years and may be re-appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States for any number of additional terms. 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—The Inspector General may 
be removed from office by the Chief Justice of the United States. The Chief Justice shall communicate the reasons for any such re-moval to both Houses of Congress. ‘‘§ 1023. Duties 
‘‘With respect to the judicial branch, the 
Office shall— 
‘‘(1) conduct investigations of alleged mis-
conduct in the judicial branch (other than the United States Supreme Court) under chapter 16 that may require oversight or other action within the judicial branch or by Congress; 
‘‘(2) conduct investigations of alleged mis-
conduct in the United States Supreme Court that may require oversight or other action within the judicial branch or by Congress; 
‘‘(3) conduct and supervise audits and in-
vestigations; 
‘‘(4) prevent and detect waste, fraud, and 
abuse; and 
‘‘(5) recommend changes in laws or regula-
tions governing the judicial branch. 
‘‘§ 1024. Powers 
‘‘(a) P
OWERS .—In carrying out the duties of 
the Office, the Inspector General shall have the power to— 
‘‘(1) make investigations and reports; ‘‘(2) obtain information or assistance from 
any Federal, State, or local governmental agency, or other entity, or unit thereof, in-cluding all information kept in the course of business by the Judicial Conference of the United States, the judicial councils of cir-cuits, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, and the United States Sentencing Commission; 
‘‘(3) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the 
attendance and testimony of such witnesses, and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents, which subpoena, in the case of contumacy or refusal to obey, shall be en-forceable by civil action; 
‘‘(4) administer to or take from any person 
an oath, affirmation, or affidavit; 
‘‘(5) employ such officers and employees, 
subject to the provisions of title 5, governing appointments in the competitive service, and the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to clas-sification and General Schedule pay rates; 
‘‘(6) obtain services as authorized by sec-
tion 3109 of title 5 at daily rates not to ex-ceed the equivalent rate for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5315 of such title; and 
‘‘(7) the extent and in such amounts as 
may be provided in advance by appropria-tions Acts, to enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, and to make such pay-ments as may be necessary to carry out the duties of the Office. 
‘‘(b) C
HAPTER 16 M ATTERS .—The Inspector 
General shall not commence an investiga-tion under section 1023(1) until the denial of a petition for review by the judicial council of the circuit under section 352(c) of this title or upon referral or certification to the Judicial Conference of the United States of any matter under section 354(b) of this title. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The Inspector General 
shall not have the authority to— 
‘‘(1) investigate or review any matter that 
is directly related to the merits of a decision or procedural ruling by any judge, justice, or court; or 
‘‘(2) punish or discipline any judge, justice, 
or court. 
‘‘§ 1025. Reports 
‘‘(a) W
HEN TOBEMADE.—The Inspector 
General shall— 
‘‘(1) make an annual report to the Chief 
Justice and to Congress relating to the ac-tivities of the Office; and 
‘‘(2) make prompt reports to the Chief Jus-
tice and to Congress on matters that may re-quire action by the Chief Justice or Con-gress. ‘‘(b) S
ENSITIVE MATTER .—If a report con-
tains sensitive matter, the Inspector General may so indicate and Congress may receive that report in closed session. 
‘‘(c) D
UTY TOINFORM ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—In carrying out the duties of the Of-
fice, the Inspector General shall report expe-ditiously to the Attorney General whenever the Inspector General has reasonable grounds to believe there has been a violation of Federal criminal law. 
‘‘§ 1026. Whistleblower protection 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No officer, employee, 
agent, contractor, or subcontractor in the judicial branch may discharge, demote, threaten, suspend, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against an employee in the terms and conditions of employment be-cause of any lawful act done by the employee to provide information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist in an inves-tigation regarding any possible violation of Federal law or regulation, or misconduct, by a judge, justice, or any other employee in the judicial branch, which may assist the In-spector General in the performance of duties under this chapter. 
‘‘(b) C
IVIL ACTION .—An employee injured 
by a violation of subsection (a) may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part III of 
title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘60. Inspector General for the judi-
cial branch ................................... 1021’’. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1430. A bill to improve the ability 
of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the Coast Guard, and costal States to sustain healthy ocean and coastal ecosystems by maintaining and sustaining their capabilities relating to oil spill pre-paredness, prevention, response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, today 
the U.S. Coast Guard and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion are responding to yet another oil-spill in the water. In a moment, I will bring out a photograph which shows the fresh crude oil on the beach of Refugio State Park in California. This oilspill brings back the images from 5 years ago of the oil-coated pelicans and tar-stained beaches, which were once sugar white, covered with gooey mats of oil from the Deepwater Horizon oil-spill. Although the spill happened in 2010, a lot of that oil is still sloshing around out there in the gulf. 
Last week, the Department of the In-
terior told us that the oil leaking in the gulf since 2004 from Taylor Energy wells could continue for a century or more ‘‘if left unchecked.’’ 
This is the oilspill that just happened 
in the last few days. It is fresh crude, and it is on the beach in California. Of course, when I see this kind of picture, it brings me back to that experience all of us on the gulf coast had 5 years ago, and we wouldn’t wish that upon any-body. Remember, to begin with, they said, Oh, it is just a few hundred bar-rels of oil, even though it was ruptured 1 mile beneath the surface of the water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3242 May 21, 2015 
Then we got the streaming video. We 
actually put that video on my Web site. The chairman of the environment committee, Senator B
OXER , put it up 
on her committee Web site. Once sci-entists could see how much was flow-ing, they could calculate, and then they saw that it wasn’t going to be a few hundred or even a thousand barrels of oil a day; it was approaching some-thing like 50 times that. 
We know what, in fact, happened. Al-
most 5 million barrels of oil was spilled. The court in Louisiana—the Federal court that is hearing this case against BP—indeed has concluded that those who are going to be held respon-sible under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 will be responsible for somewhere around 4 million barrels. That is court- decided. 
A lot of that oil is still out there. 
Yet, appallingly, today the economy and the environment of the State of Florida are again under attack. I have just been informed that Senators from 
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas are seeking to invite oil rigs within 50 miles of Florida’s coastline. 
Now, of course, that goes against all 
logic. It is certainly not what the peo-ple of Florida want and it is not what the Department of the Interior has said is appropriate or necessary under the next 5-year leasing plan. 
Florida is a unique State. This is a 
photo of a dead dolphin covered with oil that is just another casualty of what we are seeing that is happening this week. 
The reason I am here today with 
these Senators who are threatening Florida is because in 2006, in a bipar-tisan way, the other Senator from Florida, Mr. Martinez, a Republican, and I, a Democrat, joined together to put in law that the Outer Continental Shelf off Florida is off-limits to oil drilling. We were successful in doing that, even though no other Outer Con-tinental Shelf off the United States is off-limits. In the administration’s 5- year plans, they have complied with that because the off-limits to oil drill-ing is until the year 2022. Therefore, in the next 5-year plan, from 2017 to 2022, the administration honored that. It is, after all, the law. 
But why is Florida different than 
others? Well, in the first place, there is no oil off of Florida. People think of where the oil is. It is off of Louisiana. The sediment came down the Mis-sissippi River for millions of years and was compacted by the Earth’s crust, and that formed these oil deposits. There is a lot of oil in the central Gulf of Mexico and, indeed, that is what is happening. A lot of oil is being pro-duced there. That is the first reason. There is not oil off of Florida. 
But there are other reasons, not the 
least of which is of all the Gulf Coast States, Florida has the most beaches and, therefore, the economy is directly charged with the fact of having those pristine, sugary white beaches as such an attraction for our guests to come to Florida and enjoy nature’s seaside. Well, we found out, as a result of the 
gulf oilspill, that even though just a little oil reached Florida—Pensacola Beach was blackened, tar mats came into Pensacola Bay, Destin got oil on the beach, and some tar balls got as far east as Panama City Beach. So people saw those pictures of oil covering the beach and they thought that was the entire State of Florida and they didn’t come. For a whole season, the guests, the visitors, the tourists did not come. So the motels were not filled and the restaurants were not filled and the dry-cleaners, and all the ancillary busi-nesses associated with a tourism econ-omy on the coast, they did not come. 
Now, there is also, obviously, the en-
vironmental interests because we do have a lot of the bays and estuaries and marsh grasses where critters spawn so much of the marine life in the Gulf of Mexico, and it starts in these bays and estuaries. That is obviously a reason as well. But there is a special reason why we have kept oil off our shores. Bottlenose dolphins in the gulf have been dying at unprecedented rates over the last 5 years. This is one of those sick dolphins. So from the BP spill, science is showing, in fact, what we in-tuitively knew. And just yesterday, a team of scientists confirmed the Deep-water Horizon oilspill contributed to the highest number of dead bottlenose dolphin strandings on record in the northern Gulf of Mexico. 
So it certainly makes little sense 
that we would seek more drilling in even riskier areas when we are still picking up the pieces from the last major oilspill. 
Today, I am introducing legislation 
that implements many of the hard les-sons learned in the wake of the Deep-water Horizon BP oilspill. This legisla-tion is going to make sure that NOAA and the Coast Guard have the tools to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to marine oilspills. 
The bill is going to give gulf coast 
communities a seat at the table in the decisions about oil drilling that affects their way of life. It will strengthen State-level planning for oilspills or seismic exploration. But, most impor-tantly, the bill will protect Florida from Big Oil’s reach by keeping the eastern Gulf of Mexico off-limits be-yond 2022 and in statute until 2027. 
Back in 2006, we passed the bipar-
tisan Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act. In that act, that is what we did in establishing this off-limits in law. But now, some of our neighboring States, at the behest of Big Oil, are trying to drill again and to drill off of Florida. 
We are going to do everything we can 
to make sure we don’t lose another tourism season. We are going to do ev-erything we can to make sure we don’t lose an entire year for our recreational fishermen, charter boat fishermen, as well as the commercial fishermen. Drilling off the coast is not what the people of Florida want. We want fish-ing vessels hauling in prize catches, not Coast Guard vessels skimming oil. We want dolphins rolling in the waves, 
not washing ashore, and we want sun-bathers on the beaches, not HAZMAT workers. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
HELLER ): 
S. 1436. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1436 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nevada Na-
tive Nations Land Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BE HELD IN 
TRUST FOR CERTAIN INDIAN TRIBES. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE FORTMCDERMITT PAIUTE AND  
SHOSHONE TRIBE.— 
(1) D EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Fort McDermitt Indian Reservation Expan-sion Act’’, dated February 21, 2013, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 19,094 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as gen-erally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Lands’’. 
(b) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE SHOSHONE PAIUTE TRIBES .— 
(1) D EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Mountain City Administrative Site Pro-posed Acquisition’’, dated July 29, 2013, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Forest Service. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Shoshone Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Shoshone Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 82 acres of land administered by the Forest Service as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Proposed Acquisition Site’’. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE SUMMIT LAKEPAIUTE TRIBE.— 
(1) D EFINITION OF MAP .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Sum-mit Lake Indian Reservation Conveyance’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3243 May 21, 2015 
dated February 28, 2013, and on file and avail-
able for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Summit Lake Paiute Tribe; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Summit Lake Paiute Tribe. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 941 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally de-picted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Convey-ance Lands’’. 
(d) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE RENO-SPARKS INDIAN COL-
ONY.— 
(1) D EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Reno-Sparks Indian Colony Expansion’’, dated June 11, 2014, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Reno-Sparks Indian Col-ony; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Reno-Sparks Indian Colony. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 13,434 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as gen-erally depicted on the map as ‘‘RSIC Amend-ed Boundary’’. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE PYRAMID LAKE PAIUTE  
TRIBE.— 
(1) M AP.—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation Expansion’’, dated April 13, 2015, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 6,357 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as gen-erally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Lands’’. 
(f) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  
TRUST FOR THE DUCKWATER SHOSHONE  
TRIBE.— 
(1) M AP.—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Duckwater Reservation Expansion’’, dated January 12, 2015, and on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Bu-reau of Land Management. 
(2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid 
existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land de-scribed in paragraph (3)— 
(A) is held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe; and 
(B) shall be part of the reservation of the 
Duckwater Shoshone Tribe. 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-
ferred to in paragraph (2) is the approxi-mately 31,269 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as gen-erally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation 
Expansion Lands’’. 
SEC. 4. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) S URVEY .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust for each Indian tribe under section 3. 
(b) U
SE OF TRUST LAND.— 
(1) G AMING .—Land taken into trust under 
section 3 shall not be eligible, or considered to have been taken into trust, for class II gaming or class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)). 
(2) T
HINNING ; LANDSCAPE RESTORATION .— 
With respect to the land taken into trust under section 3, the Secretary, in consulta-tion and coordination with the applicable In-dian tribe, may carry out any fuel reduction and other landscape restoration activities, including restoration of sage grouse habitat, on the land that is beneficial to the Indian tribe and the Bureau of Land Management. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1440. A bill to amend the Federal 
Credit Union Act to exclude a loan se-cured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4- family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, most of 
us have heard the metaphor that small businesses are the engines that power our economy. What we don’t hear peo-ple talk about as much is the fuel that feeds the engines: capital. Without cap-ital, entrepreneurs cannot see their ideas to fruition, successful business owners cannot expand to meet the needs of the market, and eager job seekers must take their skills else-where. Without capital, Main Street falters. 
Today, more than 7 years after the 
start of the Great Recession and many policy reforms later, access to capital remains a challenge that stands in the way of small business growth, eco-nomic development and job creation in Oregon and across the country. Despite this, government regulation continues to tie the hands of many potential lenders; namely, credit unions. Accord-ing to some estimates, credit unions could lend an additional $16 billion to small businesses, helping them create nearly 150,000 new jobs in just 1 year if Congress loosened restraints on credit union business lending. 
With this in mind, I am pleased to in-
troduce today the Credit Union Resi-dential Loan Parity Act, which would increase access to capital by exempting certain loans from the member busi-ness lending cap imposed on credit unions. Currently, loans made for one- to four-person, non-owner occupied housing are treated as business loans when they are made by credit unions. As such, these types of loans count against a credit union’s business lend-ing cap, and thereby limit a credit union’s ability to provide loans to small businesses. My legislation would address this issue by allowing credit unions to treat these types of loans as residential loans—as they are when they are made by other financial insti-
tutions—therefore exempting these loans from the business lending cap. In doing so, this legislation would in-crease the availability of business cap-ital, providing greater opportunities for small businesses to receive credit union loans to help them continue to grow and expand, create jobs and sup-port our local economies. 
I am hopeful that this legislation will 
be received by colleagues for what it is: a simple step to help ensure America’s small businesses have access to the fuel they need to power our economy. It is my hope that the Senate will pass this legislation swiftly. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1440 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Credit Union 
Residential Loan Parity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF A NON-OWNER OCCUPIED 
1- TO 4-FAMILY DWELLING. 
(a) R EMOVAL FROMMEMBER BUSINESS LOAN 
LIMITATION .—Section 107A(c)(1)(B)(i) of the 
Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757a(c)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘that is the primary residence of a member’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act or the amendment made by this Act shall preclude the National Credit Union Ad-ministration from treating an extension of credit that is fully secured by a lien on a 1- to 4-family dwelling that is not the primary residence of a member as a member business loan for purposes other than the member business loan limitation requirements under section 107A of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757a). 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1448. A bill to designate the Frank 
Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing a bill to honor my friend Frank Moore, an Oregonian, World War II veteran, husband to Jeanne, father, avid fly fisherman, and tireless conservationist. 
Frank Moore can be found standing 
in the North Umpqua River in Oregon, wearing waders and casting his fly fish-ing reel, for hours. He is a legendary presence on the River, even at 91 years young. A pastime he picked up from his father, fly fishing has been a business and a hobby for Frank for nearly his entire life. Not only has he enjoyed the fishing and scenery on Oregon’s rivers for decades, Frank’s love of Oregon and his tireless work to conserve our state’s fish habitats and rivers adds up to a rich legacy that sets the standard for generations to come. Frank served on the State of Oregon Fish and Wild-life Commission and has received the National Wildlife Federation Conserva-tionist of the Year award and the Wild 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3244 May 21, 2015 
Steelhead Coalition Conservation 
Award. 
Frank’s commitment to the health 
and vitality of Oregon’s rivers and fish habitat over the years is inspiring and he deserves countless thanks for his work and dedication. The Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary will serve as a tribute to the many outstanding ac-complishments of Frank, both on and off the river. 
It is my honor to introduce this bill 
today with my colleague from Oregon Senator M
ERKLEY on behalf of this ex-
traordinary Oregonian. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1448 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank 
Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary Designa-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) Frank Moore has committed his life to 
family, friends, his country, and fly fishing; 
(2) Frank Moore is a World War II veteran 
who stormed the beaches of Normandy along with 150,000 troops during the D-Day Allied invasion and was awarded the Chevalier of the French Legion of Honor for his bravery; 
(3) Frank Moore returned home after the 
war, started a family, and pursued his pas-sion of fishing on the winding rivers in Or-egon; 
(4) as the proprietor of the Steamboat Inn 
along the North Umpqua River in Oregon for nearly 20 years, Frank Moore, along with his wife Jeanne, shared his love of fishing, the flowing river, and the great outdoors, with visitors from all over the United States and the world; 
(5) Frank Moore has spent most of his life 
fishing the vast rivers of Oregon, during which time he has contributed significantly to efforts to conserve fish habitats and pro-tect river health, including serving on the State of Oregon Fish and Wildlife Commis-sion; 
(6) Frank Moore has been recognized for 
his conservation work with the National Wildlife Federation Conservationist of the Year award, the Wild Steelhead Coalition Conservation Award, and his 2010 induction into the Fresh Water Fishing Hall of Fame; and 
(7) in honor of the many accomplishments 
of Frank Moore, both on and off the river, approximately 104,000 acres of Forest Service land in Oregon should be designated as the ‘‘Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map 
entitled ‘‘O&C Land Grant Act of 2014: Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary’’ and dated November 3, 2014. 
(2) S
ANCTUARY .—The term ‘‘Sanctuary’’ 
means the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary designated by section 4(a). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. 
(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Oregon. SEC. 4. FRANK MOORE WILD STEELHEAD SANC-
TUARY, OREGON. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The approximately 
104,000 acres of Forest Service land in the State, as generally depicted on the Map, is designated as the ‘‘Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary’’. 
(b) M
AP; LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prepare a map and legal de-scription of the Sanctuary. 
(2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The map and legal de-
scription prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct clerical and typographical errors in the map and legal description. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-
scription prepared under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Forest Serv-ice. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Subject to valid ex-
isting rights, the Sanctuary shall be admin-istered by the Secretary— 
(1) in accordance with all laws (including 
regulations) applicable to the National For-est System; and 
(2) in a manner that— (A) protects, preserves, and enhances the 
natural character, scientific use, and the bo-tanical, recreational, ecological, fish and wildlife, scenic, drinking water, and cultural values of the Sanctuary; 
(B) protects and seeks to enhance the wild 
salmonid resources of the Sanctuary; 
(C) maintains or enhances the watershed as 
a thermal refuge for wild salmonids; and 
(D) preserves opportunities for primitive 
recreation. 
(d) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this 
section affects the jurisdiction or respon-sibilities of the State with respect to fish and wildlife in the State. 
(e) A
DJACENT MANAGEMENT .—Nothing in 
this section creates any protective perimeter or buffer zone around the Sanctuary. 
(f) P
ROTECTION OF TRIBAL RIGHTS .—Nothing 
in this section diminishes any treaty rights of an Indian tribe. 
(g) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, the Federal land within the bound-aries of the Sanctuary river segments des-ignated by subsection (a) is withdrawn from all forms of— 
(1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under 
the public land laws; 
(2) location, entry, and patent under the 
mining laws; and 
(3) disposition under all laws relating to 
mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
(h) U
SES.—The Secretary shall only allow 
uses of the Sanctuary that are consistent with the purposes and values for which the Sanctuary is established. 
(i) U
SE OF MOTORIZED VEHICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the use of motorized vehicles within the Sanctuary shall be limited to roads allowed by the Secretary for the use of motorized vehicles. 
(2) O
FF-ROAD VEHICLE USE .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), the Secretary may allow off-road vehicle use in designated por-tions of the Sanctuary if the use is con-sistent with the purposes and values for which the Sanctuary was designated. 
(j) R
OADS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, to the 
maximum extent practicable, shall decrease the total mileage of system roads that are operational in the Sanctuary to a quantity less than the quantity of mileage in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall 
prioritize decreasing the mileage of the road network in the Sanctuary to reduce impacts 
to water quality from sediment delivered to streams by forest roads. 
(3) T
EMPORARY ROADS .—If the Secretary 
constructs a temporary road as part of a vegetation management project, the Sec-retary shall close and decommission the temporary road not later than the earlier of— 
(A) the date that is 2 years after the date 
on which the activity for which the tem-porary road was constructed is completed; and 
(B) the date that is 1 year after the date on 
which the vegetation management project is completed. 
(4) N
O NEW ROADS .—The Secretary shall 
prohibit— 
(A) any new system or nonsystem road 
within the Sanctuary and key watersheds under the plan entitled ‘‘Northwest Forest Plan 1994 Record of Decision for Amend-ments to Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management Planning Documents Within the Range of the Northern Spotted Owl’’ after the date of enactment of this Act, ex-cept as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary, if the Secretary determines that no practicable alternative exists, and subject to the availability of appropriations; and 
(B) the construction of any new road in 
any roadless area in the Sanctuary. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 183—CALL-
ING FOR SUSPENSION OF CON-STRUCTION OF ARTIFICIAL LAND FORMATIONS ON ISLANDS, REEFS, SHOALS, AND OTHER FEATURES OF THE SPRATLY IS-LANDS AND FOR A PEACEFUL AND MULTILATERAL RESOLU-TION TO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA TERRITORIAL DISPUTE 
Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 183 
Whereas the United States Government 
strongly supports the peaceful resolution of territorial, sovereignty, and jurisdictional disputes in the South China Sea; 
Whereas the South China Sea includes crit-
ical sea lines of communication and com-merce between the Pacific and Indian oceans; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has a national interest in freedom of naviga-tion and overflight in the South China Sea, as provided for by customary principles of international law; 
Whereas the United States Government is 
also committed to upholding internationally lawful uses of the high seas and the Exclu-sive Economic Zones as well as to the related rights and freedoms in other maritime zones, including the rights of innocent passage, transit passage, and archipelagic sea lanes passage consistent with customary inter-national law; 
Whereas the United States has an interest 
in encouraging and supporting the nations of the region to work collaboratively and dip-lomatically to resolve disputes without coer-cion, intimidation, threats, or the use of force; 
Whereas the United States further sup-
ports the efforts of states to resolve their disputes in accordance with international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3245 May 21, 2015 
law, including through internationally rec-
ognized legal dispute settlement mecha-nisms, and urges the full implementation of any decisions rendered by the relevant courts and tribunals which are binding on them; 
Whereas the South China Sea potentially 
contains great natural resources, and their stewardship and responsible use offers im-mense potential benefit for generations to come; 
Whereas Brunei, Malaysia, China, Taiwan, 
Vietnam, and the Philippines have overlap-ping territorial, sovereignty, and jurisdic-tional claim to all or some of the Spratly Is-lands; 
Whereas, on January 23, 2013, the Phil-
ippines launched an arbitration process under an existing international mechanism challenging China’s claim of a ‘nine dash line’ around the South China Sea; 
Whereas, although the United States does 
not take a position on competing territorial claims over land features and maritime boundaries of the Spratly Islands, it does have a strong and long-standing interest in the manner in which disputes in the South China Sea are addressed and in the conduct of the parties; 
Whereas, even while the Government of the 
People’s Republic of China has refused to participate in formal arbitration with the Government of the Philippines, it should comply with any international ruling on competing territorial claims with the Phil-ippines in the South China Sea; 
Whereas, in recent years, the Government 
of the People’s Republic of China has en-gaged in unilateral land reclamation and construction activities in the Spratly Islands that undermines regional stability and is counter to multilateral efforts for peaceful resolution of territorial, sovereignty, and ju-risdictional disputes in the South China Sea; 
Whereas, although other claimants to the 
Spratly Islands have built small outposts and have engaged in minor maintenance on features they already occupy, in less than one year the Government of the People’s Re-public of China has rapidly exceeded all pre-ceding activities and acted on a much larger scale; 
Whereas, on November 4, 2002, the govern-
ments of the member states of the Associa-tion of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and the Government of the People’s Republic of China signed a Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea that, among other things, declared, ‘‘The Parties undertake to exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities that would complicate 
or escalate disputes and affect peace and sta-bility including, among others, refraining from action of inhabiting on the presently uninhabited islands, reefs, shoals, cays, and other features and to handle their differences in a constructive manner.’’; 
Whereas China’s land reclamation is esti-
mated to cost the region’s littoral states $100,000,000 a year due to damage to the eco-system and the degradation of fish stocks; 
Whereas, on March 23, 2015, satellite im-
agery showed the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China building a concrete runway on the Fiery Cross Reef that is ex-pected to be 10,000 feet long and give the Chi-nese military the capability to land fighter jets and surveillance jets, which is desta-bilizing to regional peace and stability; 
Whereas satellite imagery also showed the 
Government of the People’s Republic of China unilaterally constructing island terri-tory on Subi Reef that, if connected, would support an additional airstrip; 
Whereas satellite imagery also showed 
that Woody Island and Duncan Island have grown significantly due to Chinese land rec-lamation activities; Whereas, a March 16, 2015, image published 
by the Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies showed that the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China con-structed a chain of artificial land forma-tions, new structures, fortified sea walls, and construction equipment along Mischief Reef, an area claimed by the Philippines and with-in its Exclusive Economic Zone; 
Whereas, in April 2015, the United States 
Office of Naval Intelligence published a re-port on the Chinese People’s Liberation Army Navy showing that the Government of the People’s Republic of China has reclaimed hundreds of acres of land at the seven fea-tures it occupies in the Spratly Islands throughout 2014 and stated that China ‘‘ap-pears to be building much larger facilities that could support naval operations.’’; 
Whereas, on April 6, 2015, Secretary of De-
fense Ash Carter noted deep concerns regard-ing some of the activities of the Government of the People’s Republic of China, including ‘‘its behavior in places like the East and South China Seas.’’; 
Whereas, on April 9, 2015, President Barack 
Obama stated, ‘‘Where [the United States gets] concerned with China is where it is not necessarily abiding by international norms and rules, and is using its size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions. And that’s the concern we have around mari-time issues.’’; 
Whereas, on April 16, 2015, the Commander 
of United States Pacific Command, Admiral Locklear, stated that Chinese land reclama-tion activities in the South China Sea ‘‘would give them de facto control in peace-time of much of the world’s most important waterways’’; that China could place ‘‘long- range detection radars’’ on the outposts in order to place more warships there; and that Southeast Asian nations are increasingly worried that China’s new capabilities will allow it take de facto control of the sur-rounding waters; 
Whereas adding a military dimension to 
the territorial dispute exacerbates the risks of misperceptions, accidents, and other dan-gerous incidents in the Spratly Islands; 
Whereas, on April 9, 2015, Chinese Foreign 
Ministry spokeswoman, Hua Chunying, was quoted as saying, ‘‘After the construction, 
the islands and reefs will be able to provide all-round and comprehensive services to meet various civilian demands besides satis-fying the need of necessary military de-fense.’’; 
Whereas ASEAN has promoted multilat-
eral talks on disputed areas without settling the issue of sovereignty, and committed with China in the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea to ‘‘reaf-firm their respect for and commitment to the freedom of navigation in and over flight above the South China Sea as provided for by the universally recognized principles of international law’’ and to ‘‘resolve their ter-ritorial and jurisdictional disputes by peace-ful means, without resorting to the threat or use of force’’; 
Whereas the reclamation activities of the 
Government of the People’s Republic of China threaten ASEAN unity and its multi-lateral efforts to promote peaceful reconcili-ation of territorial, sovereignty, and juris-dictional disputes in the Spratly Islands and the broader South China Sea; and 
Whereas, on January 28, 2015, Philippine 
Foreign Secretary Alberto del Rosario urged ASEAN ‘‘to consider reaching out to the international community to say to China that what it is doing is wrong—that it must stop its reclamation activities at once’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the Government of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China’s unilateral construc-tion of artificial land formations in the dis-
puted Spratly Islands; 
(2) strongly urges all parties to maritime 
and territorial disputes in the region to re-spect the status quo, exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities that would un-dermine stability or complicate or escalate disputes, refrain from inhabiting or garri-soning presently uninhabited islands, reefs, shoals, and other features, and refrain from unilateral actions that cause permanent physical change to the marine environment in areas pending final delimitation; 
(3) urges the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China to clarify the meaning of its ‘‘nine dash line’’ claim and the maritime areas it claims within that space; 
(4) further urges the Government of the 
People’s Republic of China to clarify its in-tentions with respect to establishing ‘‘nec-essary military defense’’ on reclaimed fea-tures and condemns the militarization of dis-puted features; 
(5) supports efforts by parties to maritime 
and territorial disputes to handle their dif-ferences in a constructive manner and pur-sue their claims through peaceful, diplo-matic, and legitimate regional and inter-national arbitration mechanisms; 
(6) reaffirms the strong support of the 
United States for the member states of ASEAN as they seek to develop a code of conduct of parties in the South China Sea with the People’s Republic of China, and urges China to enter into such negotiations in a serious manner; 
(7) supports efforts to strengthen regional 
maritime domain awareness; 
(8) supports efforts to strengthen maritime 
partner capacity, including through the sale and transfer of technology that promotes maritime domain awareness; and 
(9) supports the continuation of operations 
by the United States Armed Forces in sup-port of freedom of navigation rights in inter-national waters and air space in the South China Sea. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 184—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CONVERSION THERAPY, INCLUDING EFFORTS BY MENTAL HEALTH PRACTI-TIONERS TO CHANGE THE SEX-UAL ORIENTATION, GENDER IDENTITY, OR GENDER EXPRES-SION OF AN INDIVIDUAL, IS DANGEROUS AND HARMFUL AND SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BEING PRACTICED ON MINORS 
Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W AR-
REN, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. U DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. 
DURBIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 184 
Whereas being lesbian, gay, bisexual, 
transgender, or gender nonconforming is not a disorder, disease, illness, deficiency, or shortcoming; 
Whereas the development of all children 
and adolescents into healthy and productive adults is a priority of the United States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3246 May 21, 2015 
ending prejudice and injustice based on sex-
ual orientation, gender identity, and gender nonconformity is a human rights issue; 
Whereas the American Academy of Pediat-
rics, the American Counseling Association, the American Psychiatric Association, the American Psychological Association, the American School Counselor Association, the National Association of School Psycholo-gists, and the National Association of Social Workers, together representing more than 480,000 health and mental health profes-sionals, have all taken the position that ho-mosexuality is not a mental disorder and thus is not something that needs to be or can be ‘‘cured’’; 
Whereas the American Psychological Asso-
ciation, the American Psychiatric Associa-tion, the National Association of Social Workers, the American Counseling Associa-tion Governing Council, and the American Psychoanalytic Association have not found conversion therapy to be safe or effective; 
Whereas several States have enacted or are 
considering legislation and other measures to prohibit conversion therapy in children and adolescents; and 
Whereas enacted State legislation to pro-
hibit conversion therapy in children and ado-lescents has been upheld as constitutional: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Stop 
Harming Our Kids Resolution of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING CON-
VERSION THERAPY DIRECTED AT MINORS. 
(a) C ONVERSION THERAPY DEFINED .—In this 
resolution, the term ‘‘conversion therapy’’— 
(1) means any practice by a licensed, cer-
tified, or registered mental health provider, health care provider, or counselor that seeks or purports to impose change of the sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender ex-pression of an individual, including reducing or eliminating sexual or romantic attrac-tions or feelings toward an individual of the same gender and efforts to change behaviors, gender identity, or gender expression; and 
(2) does not include counseling— (A) that— (i) provides acceptance, support, and un-
derstanding of an individual; 
(ii) facilitates the coping, social support, 
and identity exploration and development of an individual; 
(iii) provides developmentally appropriate 
counseling for an individual undergoing gen-der transition; or 
(iv) provides sexual orientation- and gen-
der identity-neutral interventions to prevent or address unlawful conduct or unsafe sexual practices; and 
(B) that does not seek to change sexual ori-
entation, gender identity, or gender expres-sion. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that conversion therapy di-rected at minors is discredited and ineffec-tive, has no legitimate therapeutic purpose, and is dangerous and harmful. 
(c) S
TATE ENCOURAGEMENT .—The Senate 
encourages each State to take steps to pro-tect minors from efforts that promote or promise to change sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression based on the premise that being lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, or gender nonconforming is a mental illness or developmental disorder that can or should be cured. SENATE RESOLUTION 185—RECOG-
NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF MAY 2015 AS ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND AS AN IMPORTANT TIME TO CELEBRATE THE SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTIONS OF ASIAN AMERICANS AND PACIFIC IS-LANDERS TO THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES 
Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EIDof 
Nevada, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 185 
Whereas the people of the United States 
join together each May to pay tribute to the contributions of generations of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders who have enriched the history of the United States; 
Whereas the history of Asian Americans 
and Pacific Islanders in the United States is inextricably tied to the story of the United States; 
Whereas the Asian American and Pacific 
Islander community is an inherently diverse population, comprised of more than 45 dis-tinct ethnicities and more than 100 language dialects; 
Whereas, according to the Bureau of the 
Census, the Asian American population grew at a faster rate than any other racial or eth-nic group in the United States during the last decade, surging nearly 46 percent be-tween 2000 and 2010, a growth rate that is 4 times the rate of the total population of the United States; 
Whereas, according to the 2010 decennial 
census, there are approximately 17,300,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Asian and approximately 1,200,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, making up approxi-mately 5.5 percent and 0.4 percent, respec-tively, of the total population of the United States; 
Whereas the month of May was selected for 
Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month be-cause the first immigrants from Japan ar-rived in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the first transcontinental railroad was completed on May 10, 1869, with substantial contributions from immigrants from China; 
Whereas section 102 of title 36, United 
States Code, officially designates May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and requests that the President issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month with appropriate pro-grams, ceremonies, and activities; 
Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-
landers, such as Daniel K. Inouye, a Medal of Honor and Presidential Medal of Freedom re-cipient who as President Pro Tempore of the Senate was the highest-ranking Asian Amer-ican government official in United States history, Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American Congressman, Patsy T. Mink, the first woman of color and the first Asian American woman to be elected to Congress, Hiram L. Fong, the first Asian American Senator, Daniel K. Akaka, the first Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry, Norman Y. Mi-neta, the first Asian American member of a presidential cabinet, Elaine L. Chao, the first Asian American woman member of a presidential cabinet, and others have made 
significant contributions in both the Govern-ment and military of the United States; 
Whereas the year 2015 marks several im-
portant milestones for the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, including the— 
(1) 50th anniversary of the passage of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 (Public Law 89-236), landmark legislation that reversed restrictive immigration poli-cies against immigrants from Asia; 
(2) 40th anniversary of the end of the Viet-
nam War; 
(3) 40th anniversary of the Southeast Asian 
diasporic communities in the United States; 
(4) 30th anniversary of the mission aboard 
the Space Shuttle Discovery of Ellison Shoji Onizuka, the first Asian American in space; and 
(5) 25th anniversary of the date of enact-
ment of Public Law 105-225, signed by Presi-dent George H. W. Bush, designating May to be Asian Pacific American Heritage Month; 
Whereas the actions of the Hmong in Laos 
in support of the United States during the Vietnam War saved the lives of countless people of the United States; 
Whereas as a result of Hmong support of 
the United States, the Hmong were forced to leave Laos when the new communist regime seized control of Laos; 
Whereas May 14, 2015, marks the 40th anni-
versary of the forced exit from Laos of Hmong people, many of whom later resettled in the United States, following the with-drawal of United States troops from Viet-nam; 
Whereas, in 2015, the Congressional Asian 
Pacific American Caucus, a bicameral cau-cus of Members of Congress advocating on behalf of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers, is composed of 48 Members, includ-ing 13 Members of Asian or Pacific Islander descent; 
Whereas in 2015, Asian Americans and Pa-
cific Islanders are serving in State and terri-torial legislatures across the United States in record numbers, including the States of Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Con-necticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Vir-ginia, Washington, West Virginia, and the territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; 
Whereas the number of Federal judges who 
are Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders doubled between 2001 and 2008 and more than tripled between 2009 and 2015, reflecting a commitment to diversity in the Federal judi-ciary that has resulted in the confirmations of high-caliber Asian American and Pacific Islander judicial nominees; 
Whereas there remains much to be done to 
ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to resources and a voice in the Government of the United States and continue to advance in the political land-scape of the United States; and 
Whereas celebrating Asian/Pacific Amer-
ican Heritage Month provides the people of the United States with an opportunity to recognize the achievements, contributions, and history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, and to appreciate the challenges faced by Asian Americans and Pacific Island-ers: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the significance of May 2015 
as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3247 May 21, 2015 
(2) recognizes that the Asian American and 
Pacific Islander community enhances the rich diversity of and strengthens the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 186—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 17 THROUGH MAY 23, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL PUBLIC WORKS WEEK’’ 
Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. 
B
OXER ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 186 
Whereas public works infrastructure, fa-
cilities, and services are of vital importance to the health, safety, and well-being of the people of the United States; 
Whereas the public works infrastructure, 
facilities, and services could not be provided without the dedicated efforts of public works professionals, including engineers and ad-ministrators, who represent State and local governments throughout the United States; 
Whereas public works professionals design, 
build, operate, and maintain the transpor-tation systems, water infrastructure, sewage and refuse disposal systems, public buildings, and other structures and facilities that are vital to the people and communities of the United States; and 
Whereas understanding the role that public 
infrastructure plays in protecting the envi-ronment, improving public health and safe-ty, contributing to economic vitality, and enhancing the quality of life of every com-munity of the United States is in the inter-est of the people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of May 17 through 
May 23, 2015, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’; 
(2) recognizes and celebrates the important 
contributions that public works profes-sionals make every day to improve— 
(A) the public infrastructure of the United 
States; and 
(B) the communities that public works pro-
fessionals serve; and 
(3) urges individuals and communities 
throughout the United States to join with representatives of the Federal Government and the American Public Works Association in activities and ceremonies that are de-signed— 
(A) to pay tribute to the public works pro-
fessionals of the United States; and 
(B) to recognize the substantial contribu-
tions that public works professionals make to the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 187—EX-
PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE MONTH OF MAY 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL BLAD-DER CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
I
SAKSON , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 187 
Whereas 500,000 families in the United 
States live with bladder cancer; 
Whereas more than 74,000 people are ex-
pected to be diagnosed with bladder cancer and 16,000 will die due to the disease in 2015 alone; 
Whereas bladder cancer affects people of 
all ages and backgrounds and is among the top 10 cancers with the highest incidence 
rates in the United States; 
Whereas bladder cancer is known as one of 
the most expensive cancers to treat on a per patient basis with a recurrence rate of ap-proximately 50 to 80 percent, requiring life-long surveillance; 
Whereas bladder cancer symptoms, such as 
blood in the urine, are easily recognized, however, many are unaware of the threat of bladder cancer, often prolonging the time to diagnosis; 
Whereas if diagnosed early, bladder cancer 
is treatable; 
Whereas military veterans are twice as 
likely as nonveterans to be diagnosed with bladder cancer; 
Whereas women are often diagnosed at a 
later stage in the development of bladder cancer, and when diagnosed at the same stage as men, women have a worse prognosis; 
Whereas if diagnosis and treatment are de-
layed, the life expectancy of an individual with bladder cancer decreases; 
Whereas the quality of life of a person with 
bladder cancer will depend on future treat-ment and diagnosis developments, which will rely on research advancements; 
Whereas there have been no new treat-
ments approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for bladder cancer in over 10 years; 
Whereas research advancements for blad-
der cancer are limited by lack of awareness about the disease within the medical com-munity and general public; 
Whereas increased awareness will promote 
early diagnosis and increase the chances of survival; 
Whereas increased awareness will bolster 
public support of the disease and thus in-crease funding for innovative research and the development of new treatment options and diagnostic tools; 
Whereas traditionally on the first Satur-
day in May each year, survivors, caregivers, and loved ones walk together throughout the United States to raise awareness of bladder cancer; 
Whereas the Bladder Cancer Advocacy Net-
work and its community of patients, care-givers, and specialists seek— 
(1) to foster a community of hope and sup-
port; 
(2) to fund and conduct research for inno-
vative treatments and diagnostic tools; and 
(3) to increase public awareness and under-
standing of bladder cancer; and 
Whereas May would be an appropriate 
month to designate as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of May 2015, as 
‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’; 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Bladder Cancer Awareness Month; and 
(3) calls on the people of the United States, 
interested groups, and affected persons— 
(A) to promote awareness of bladder cancer 
and to foster understanding of the impact of the disease on patients and their families and caregivers; 
(B) to take an active role in the fight to 
end bladder cancer; and 
(C) to observe National Bladder Cancer 
Awareness Month with appropriate cere-monies and activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1436. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
MURPHY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for a right to an administrative ap-peal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1437. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) pro-
posed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 109, acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain ju-risdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific led to World War II. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1436. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, line 9, insert before the end pe-
riod the following: ‘‘, and does not violate the requirements of chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Buy American Act’) or section 313 of title 23, United States Code, or weaken or undermine those requirements by allowing for waivers that would cause the closure of a domestic manufacturer’’. 
SA 1437. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. 
SCHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 109, acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equatorial islands as pro-longed conflict in the Pacific led to World War II; as follows: 
The preamble is amended— 
(1) in the 10th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘March 30, 1935’’ and inserting ‘‘March 20, 1935’’; 
(2) in the 13th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘proclaimed’’ and inserting ‘‘established’’; 
(3) in the 25th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘distracted by’’ and inserting ‘‘otherwise fo-cused on’’; and 
(4) in the 27th whereas clause— (A) by striking ‘‘Jarvis and Enderbury’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Enderbury and Jarvis’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘on February 9’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘ from February 7 to 9’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room 328A of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3248 May 21, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Financial Regu-latory Improvement Act of 2015.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 9:15 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding America’s Long-Term Fiscal Picture.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 21, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in the President’s Room of the Capitol. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my counsel detailee, Samantha Chaifetz, be grant-ed floor privileges for the remainder of this session of Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Amanda Clin-ton, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the calendar year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 115 through 122, and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tions, and the Senate then resume leg-islative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (1h) John D. Alexander 
Rear Adm. (1h) Ronald A. Boxall Rear Adm. (1h) Robert P. Burke Rear Adm. (1h) Matthew J. Carter Rear Adm. (1h) Christopher W. Grady Rear Adm. (1h) Michael E. Jabaley, Jr. Rear Adm. (1h) Colin J. Kilrain Rear Adm. (1h) Andrew L. Lewis Rear Adm. (1h) DeWolfe H. Miller Rear Adm. (1h) John P. Neagley Rear Adm. (1h) Patrick A. Piercey Rear Adm. (1h) Charles A. Richard Rear Adm. (1h) Hugh D. Wetherald Rear Adm. (1h) Ricky L. Williamson 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Eugene H. Black, III 
Capt. Dell D. Bull Capt. William D. Byrne, Jr. Capt. Edward B. Cashman Capt. Moises Deltoro, III Capt. Stephen C. Evans Capt. Gregory J. Fenton Capt. John V. Fuller Capt. Michael P. Holland Capt. Hugh W. Howard, III Capt. Jeffrey W. Hughes Capt. Thomas E. Ishee Capt. Stephen T. Koehler Capt. Yancy B. Lindsey Capt. Francis D. Morley 
Capt. Cathal S. O’Connor Capt. Jeffrey E. Trussler Capt. William W. Wheeler, III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Jeffrey G. Lofgren 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Michael G. Dana 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Matthew P. Beevers 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. John N. Christenson 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Shoshana S. Chatfield 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Judge Advocate General of the Navy and for appointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while serving as the Judge Advocate General under title 10, U.S.C., section 5148: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. James W. Crawford, III 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN95–2 AIR FORCE nomination of RHYS 
WILLIAM HUNT, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN248 AIR FORCE nominations (5) begin-
ning JAMES D. BRANTINGHAM, and ending GEORGE T. YOUSTRA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 4, 2015. 
PN249 AIR FORCE nominations (429) begin-
ning RANDALL E. ACKERMAN, and ending CLINTON R. ZUMBRUNNEN, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 4, 2015. 
PN426 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-
ning JOSHUA D. BURGESS, and ending JAMES R. CANTU, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN427 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael 
I. Etan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN428 ARMY nomination of Erik D. 
Masick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3249 May 21, 2015 
PN429 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
MUHAMMAD R. KHAWAJA, and ending NIKALESH REDDY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN80 MARINE CORPS nomination of 
Henry C. Bodden, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN82 MARINE CORPS nomination of Wil-
liam E Lanham, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN115 MARINE CORPS nomination of Re-
becca L. Wilkinson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN122 MARINE CORPS nominations (42) 
beginning MATTHEW F. AMIDON, and end-ing JOHN A. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN151 MARINE CORPS nominations (6) be-
ginning MICHAEL J. CORRADO, and ending CRAIG C. ULLMAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN152 MARINE CORPS nominations (211) 
beginning RORY L. ALDRIDGE, and ending MARK D. ZIMMER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN110 NAVY nomination of Miriam 
Behpour, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN111 NAVY nomination of Thomas P. 
Murphy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN147 NAVY nomination of Todd S. Le-
vant, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 29, 2015. 
PN148 NAVY nomination of Jennifer L. 
Borstelmann, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN150 NAVY nomination of Robert S. 
Thompson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN181 NAVY nomination of Melissa C. 
Austin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2015. 
PN438 NAVY nominations (50) beginning 
ANTHONY S. ARDITO, and ending ROD-ERICK D. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN443 NAVY nomination of Garrett T. 
Pankow, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN444 NAVY nomination of William M. 
Walker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN445 NAVY nomination of Christopher C. 
Meyer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN446 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
JEFFREY G. BENTSON, and ending PAUL N. PORENSKY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN447 NAVY nomination of Kevin D. 
Clarida, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN448 NAVY nomination of Brianna E. 
Jackson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. PN449 NAVY nomination of Jared M. 
Spilka, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN450 NAVY nomination of Francine 
Segovia, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
PN451 NAVY nomination of Todd W. Mal-
lory, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 30, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
COURTHOUSE NAMING BILLS 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1690 and the Senate proceed to its consideration and the consideration of Calendar No. 64, S. 261, and Calendar No. 65, S. 612, en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. PERDUE. I further ask unani-
mous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JOSEPH F. WEIS JR. UNITED 
STATES COURTHOUSE 
The bill (H.R. 1690) to designate the 
United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
WILLIAM J. HOLLOWAY, JR. 
UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
The bill (S. 261) to designate the 
United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 261 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WILLIAM J. HOLLOWAY, JR. UNITED 
STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States court-
house located at 200 NW 4th Street in Okla-homa City, Oklahoma, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL 
BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
The bill (S. 612) to designate the Fed-
eral building and United States court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse,’’ was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 612 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILD-
ING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building 
and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. 
f 
NEW MEXICO NAVAJO WATER SET-
TLEMENT TECHNICAL CORREC-TIONS ACT 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 81, S. 501. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 501) to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 501) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 501 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘New Mexico 
Navajo Water Settlement Technical Correc-tions Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NAVAJO WATER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 10302 of the Om-
nibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407 note; Public Law 111–11) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘Arrellano’’ and inserting ‘‘Arellano’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘75–185’’ 
and inserting ‘‘75–184’’. 
(b) D
ELIVERY AND USE OF NAVAJO -GALLUP  
WATER SUPPLY PROJECT WATER .—Section 
10603(c)(2)(A) of the Omnibus Public Land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3250 May 21, 2015 
Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 
123 Stat. 1385) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Article III(c)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Articles III(c)’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘Article 
III(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘Articles III(c)’’. 
(c) P ROJECT CONTRACTS .—Section 10604(f)(1) 
of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1391) is amended by inserting ‘‘Project’’ before ‘‘water’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 10609 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1395) is amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection 
(b), by striking ‘‘construction or rehabilita-tion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘planning, design, construction, rehabilita-tion,’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘2 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘4 percent’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘4 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’. 
(e) A
GREEMENT .—Section 10701(e) of the 
Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1400) is amended in paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (3)(A) by striking ‘‘and Contract’’ each place it appears. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FOSTER 
CARE MONTH AS AN OPPOR-TUNITY TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT THE CHALLENGES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER CARE SYSTEM 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 168. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 168) recognizing Na-
tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 168) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of May 5, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING AND HONORING 
BRAVE YOUNG MEN FROM HAWAII 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 109 and the Senate proceed to its consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 109) acknowledging 
and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equa-torial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pa-cific led to World War II. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; the Schatz amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the pre-amble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 109) was 
agreed to. 
The amendment (No. 1437) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) 
The preamble is amended— 
(1) in the 10th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘March 30, 1935’’ and inserting ‘‘March 20, 1935’’; 
(2) in the 13th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘proclaimed’’ and inserting ‘‘established’’; 
(3) in the 25th whereas clause, by striking 
‘‘distracted by’’ and inserting ‘‘otherwise fo-cused on’’; and 
(4) in the 27th whereas clause— (A) by striking ‘‘Jarvis and Enderbury’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Enderbury and Jarvis’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘on February 9’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘ from February 7 to 9’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The resolution, with its preamble, as 
amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 109 
Whereas in the mid-19th century, the 
Guano Islands Act (48 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.) en-abled companies from the United States to mine guano from a number of islands in the Equatorial Pacific; 
Whereas after several decades, when the 
guano was depleted, the companies aban-doned mining activities, and the control of the islands by the United States diminished and left the islands vulnerable to exploi-tation by other nations; 
Whereas the Far East during the late 19th 
century and early 20th century was charac-terized by colonial conflicts and Japanese expansionism; 
Whereas the 1930s marked the apex of the 
sphere of influence of Imperial Japan in the Far East; 
Whereas military and commercial interest 
in Central Pacific air routes between Aus-tralia and California led to a desire by the United States to claim the islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis, although the ownership of the islands was unclear; 
Whereas in 1935, a secret Department of 
Commerce colonization plan was instituted, aimed at placing citizens of the United States as colonists on the remote islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis; 
Whereas to avoid conflicts with inter-
national law, which prevented colonization by active military personnel, the United States sought the participation of fur-loughed military personnel and Native Ha-waiian civilians in the colonization project; Whereas William T. Miller, Superintendent 
of Airways at the Department of Commerce, was appointed to lead the colonization project, traveled to Hawaii in February 1935, met with Albert F. Judd, Trustee of Kameha-meha Schools and the Bishop Museum, and agreed that recent graduates and students of the Kamehameha School for Boys would make ideal colonists for the project; 
Whereas the ideal Hawaiian candidates 
were candidates who could ‘‘fish in the na-tive manner, swim excellently, handle a boat, be disciplined, friendly, and unat-tached’’; 
Whereas on March 20, 1935, the United 
States Coast Guard Cutter Itasca departed from Honolulu Harbor in great secrecy with 6 young Hawaiian men aboard, all recent graduates of Kamehameha Schools, and 12 furloughed Army personnel, whose purpose was to occupy the barren islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis in teams of 5 for 3 months; 
Whereas in June 1935, after a successful 
first tour, the furloughed Army personnel were ordered off the islands and replaced with additional Kamehameha Schools alum-ni, thus leaving the islands under the exclu-sive occupation of the 4 Native Hawaiians on each island; 
Whereas the duties of the colonists while 
on the island were to record weather condi-tions, cultivate plants, maintain a daily log, record the types of fish that were caught, ob-serve bird life, and collect specimens for the Bishop Museum; 
Whereas the successful year-long occupa-
tion by the colonists directly enabled Presi-dent Franklin D. Roosevelt to issue Execu-tive Order 7368 on May 13, 1936, which estab-lished that the islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis were under the jurisdiction of the United States; 
Whereas multiple Federal agencies vied for 
the right to administer the colonization project, including the Department of Com-merce, the Department of the Interior, and the Navy Department, but jurisdiction was ultimately granted to the Department of the Interior; 
Whereas under the Department of the Inte-
rior, the colonization project emphasized weather data and radio communication, which brought about the recruitment of a number of Asian radiomen and aerologists; 
Whereas under the Department of the Inte-
rior, the colonization project also expanded beyond the Kamehameha Schools to include Hawaiians and non-Hawaiians from other schools in Hawaii; 
Whereas in March of 1938 the United States 
also claimed and colonized the islands of 
Canton and Enderbury, maintaining that the colonization was in furtherance of commer-cial aviation and not for military purposes; 
Whereas the risk of living on the remote 
islands meant that emergency medical care was not less than 5 days away, and the dis-tance proved fatal for Carl Kahalewai, who died on October 8, 1938, en route to Honolulu after his appendix ruptured on Jarvis island; 
Whereas other life-threatening injuries oc-
curred, including in 1939, when Manuel Pires had appendicitis, and in 1941, when an explo-sion severely burned Henry Knell and Dominic Zagara; 
Whereas in 1940, when the issue of dis-
continuing the colonization project was raised, the Navy acknowledged that the is-lands were ‘‘probably worthless to commer-cial aviation’’ but advocated for ‘‘continued occupation’’ because the islands could serve as ‘‘bases from a military standpoint’’; 
Whereas although military interests justi-
fied continued occupation of the islands, the colonists were never informed of the true na-ture of the project, nor were the colonists provided with weapons or any other means of self-defense; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3251 May 21, 2015 
Whereas in June of 1941, when much of Eu-
rope was engaged in World War II and Impe-rial Japan was establishing itself in the Pa-cific, the Commandant of the 14th Naval Dis-trict recognized the ‘‘tension in the Western Pacific’’ and recommended the evacuation of the colonists, but his request was denied; 
Whereas on December 8, 1941, Howland Is-
land was attacked by a fleet of Japanese twin-engine bombers, and the attack killed Hawaiian colonists Joseph Keliihananui and Richard Whaley; 
Whereas in the ensuing weeks, Japanese 
submarine and military aircraft continued to target the islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis, jeopardizing the lives of the remain-ing colonists; 
Whereas the United States Government 
was unaware of the attacks on the islands, and was otherwise focused on the entry of the United States into World War II; 
Whereas the colonists demonstrated great 
valor while awaiting retrieval; 
Whereas the 4 colonists from Baker and 
the 2 remaining colonists from Howland were rescued on January 31, 1942, and the 8 colo-nists from Enderbury and Jarvis were res-cued on February 7 to 9, 1942, 2 months after the initial attacks on Howland Island; 
Whereas on March 20, 1942, Harold L. Ickes, 
Secretary of the Interior, sent letters of con-dolence to the Keliihananui and Whaley fam-ilies stating that ‘‘[i]n your bereavement it must be considerable satisfaction to know that your brother died in the service of his country’’; 
Whereas during the 7 years of colonization, 
more than 130 young men participated in the project, the majority of whom were Hawai-ian, and all of whom made numerous sac-rifices, endured hardships, and risked their lives to secure and maintain the islands of Howland, Baker, Jarvis, Canton, and Enderbury on behalf of the United States, and 3 young Hawaiian men made the ulti-mate sacrifice; 
Whereas none of the islands, except for 
Canton, were ever used for commercial avia-tion, but the islands were used for military purposes; 
Whereas in July 1943, a military base was 
established on Baker Island, and its forces, which numbered over 2,000 members, partici-
pated in the Tarawa-Makin operation; 
Whereas in 1956, participants of the col-
onization project established an organization called ‘‘Hui Panala’au’’, which was estab-lished to preserve the fellowship of the group, to provide scholarship assistance, and ‘‘to honor and esteem those who died as colo-nists of the Equatorial Islands’’; 
Whereas in 1979, Canton and Enderbury be-
came part of the Republic of Kiribati, but the islands of Jarvis, Howland, and Baker re-main possessions of the United States, hav-ing been designated as National Wildlife Ref-uges in 1974; 
Whereas the islands of Jarvis, Howland, 
and Baker are now part of the Pacific Re-mote Islands Marine National Monument; 
Whereas May 13, 2015, marks the 79th anni-
versary of the issuance of the Executive order of President Franklin D. Roosevelt proclaiming United States jurisdiction over the islands of Howland, Baker, and Jarvis, is-lands that remain possessions of the United States; and 
Whereas the Federal Government has 
never fully recognized the contributions and sacrifices of the colonists, less than a hand-ful of whom are still alive today: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) acknowledges the accomplishments and 
commends the service of the Hui Panala’au colonists; 
(2) acknowledges the local, national, and 
international significance of the 7-year col-onization project, which resulted in the 
United States extending sovereignty into the Equatorial Pacific; 
(3) recognizes the dedication to the United 
States and self-reliance demonstrated by the young men, the majority of whom were Na-tive Hawaiian, who left their homes and fam-ilies in Hawaii to participate in the Equa-torial Pacific colonization project; 
(4) extends condolences on behalf of the 
United States to the families of Carl Kahalewai, Joseph Keliihananui, and Rich-ard Whaley for the loss of their loved ones in the service of the United States; 
(5) honors the young men whose actions, 
sacrifices, and valor helped secure and main-tain the jurisdiction of the United States over equatorial islands in the Pacific Ocean during the years leading up to and the months immediately following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and the entry of the United States into World War II; and 
(6) extends to all of the colonists, and to 
the families of these exceptional young men, the deep appreciation of the people of the United States. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 185, S. Res. 186, and S. Res. 187. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amend-ed by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, and upon the recommendation of the chair-man of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Acad-emy: the Honorable R
OGER WICKER of 
Mississippi and the Honorable D AN 
SULLIVAN of Alaska. 
The Chair, on behalf of the majority 
leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 113–146, appoints the fol-lowing individuals to serve as members of the Commission on Care: the Honor-able Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Stuart Hickey of Pennsylvania, and Thomas Harvey of New York. 
The Chair, on behalf of the majority 
leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appoints the following in-dividual to the Congressional Award Board: Chiling Tong of Maryland. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appoints the following Senator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: the Honorable J
ONIERNST of 
Iowa (designee of the chairman of the Committee on Armed Services). 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to the provisions of 20 U.S.C., sections 42 and 43, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion: the Honorable J
OHN BOOZMAN of 
Arkansas and the Honorable D AVID 
PERDUE of Georgia. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appoints the following Senator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: the Honorable C
ORY GARD-
NERof Colorado (designee of the chair-
man of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices). 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appoints the following Senator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: the Honorable D
ANSULLIVAN  
of Alaska (designee of the chairman of the Committee on Armed Services). 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2015 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Friday, May 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 1314; finally, that all time dur-ing the adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. PERDUE. If there is no further 
business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:16 p.m., adjourned until Friday, May 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STEPHEN C. HEDGER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ELIZABETH LEE KING, RESIGNED. 
INTER –AMERICAN FOUNDATION  
LUIS A. VIADA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE INTER–AMERICAN FOUN-DATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 20, 2018, VICE JOHN P. SALAZAR, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
AKHIL REED AMAR, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE JAMSHEED K. CHOKSY, TERM EXPIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3252 May 21, 2015 
ROBERT P. ZIMMERMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2018, VICE MANFREDI PICCOLOMINI, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
JESSICA ROSENWORCEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICA-TIONS COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2015. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
W. THOMAS REEDER, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIREC-
TOR OF THE PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORA-TION, VICE JOSHUA GOTBAUM, RESIGNED. 
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
DENISE TURNER ROTH, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE 
ADMINISTRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES, VICE DANIEL M. TANGHERLINI, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
EDWARD L. STANTON III, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE SAMUEL H. MAYS, JR., RETIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ERIC STEVEN MILLER, OF VERMONT, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF VERMONT FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE TRISTRAM J. COFFIN, RESIGNED. 
MICHAEL C. MCGOWAN, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOSEPH ANTHONY PAPILI, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 154: 
To be general 
GEN. PAUL J. SELVA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CLIFFORD B. CHICK 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 152 AND 601: 
To be general 
GEN. JOSEPH F. DUNFORD, JR. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL A. LAPOSTOLE 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS OF THE UNITED 
STATES COAST GUARD FOR APPOINTMENT AS MEMBERS OF THE PERMANENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 188: 
To be commander 
ANNA W. HICKEY 
To be lieutenant 
KIMBERLY C. YOUNG-MCLEAR 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate May 21, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JILL N. PARRISH, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES DIS-
TRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH. JOSE ROLANDO OLVERA, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  
PATRICIA D. CAHILL, OF MISSOURI, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EXPIRING JAN-UARY 31, 2020. 
NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  
MARK SCARANO, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE FEDERAL 
COCHAIRPERSON OF THE NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN D. ALEXANDER REAR ADM. (LH) RONALD A. BOXALL REAR ADM. (LH) ROBERT P. BURKE REAR ADM. (LH) MATTHEW J. CARTER REAR ADM. (LH) CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL E. JABALEY, JR. REAR ADM. (LH) COLIN J. KILRAIN REAR ADM. (LH) ANDREW L. LEWIS REAR ADM. (LH) DEWOLFE H. MILLER REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN P. NEAGLEY REAR ADM. (LH) PATRICK A. PIERCEY REAR ADM. (LH) CHARLES A. RICHARD REAR ADM. (LH) HUGH D. WETHERALD REAR ADM. (LH) RICKY L. WILLIAMSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EUGENE H. BLACK III CAPT. DELL D. BULL CAPT. WILLIAM D. BYRNE, JR. CAPT. EDWARD B. CASHMAN CAPT. MOISES DELTORO III CAPT. STEPHEN C. EVANS CAPT. GREGORY J. FENTON CAPT. JOHN V. FULLER CAPT. MICHAEL P. HOLLAND CAPT. HUGH W. HOWARD III CAPT. JEFFREY W. HUGHES CAPT. THOMAS E. ISHEE CAPT. STEPHEN T. KOEHLER CAPT. YANCY B. LINDSEY CAPT. FRANCIS D. MORLEY CAPT. CATHAL S. O’CONNOR CAPT. JEFFREY E. TRUSSLER CAPT. WILLIAM W. WHEELER III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFREY G. LOFGREN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL G. DANA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW P. BEEVERS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOHN N. CHRISTENSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. SHOSHANA S. CHATFIELD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5148: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JAMES W. CRAWFORD III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RHYS WILLIAM HUNT, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES D. 
BRANTINGHAM AND ENDING WITH GEORGE T. YOUSTRA, 
WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 4, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RANDALL 
E. ACKERMAN AND ENDING WITH CLINTON R. ZUMBRUNNEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 4, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSHUA D. 
BURGESS AND ENDING WITH JAMES R. CANTU, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL I. ETAN, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIK D. MASICK, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MUHAMMAD R. 
KHAWAJA AND ENDING WITH NIKALESH REDDY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF HENRY C. BODDEN, TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF WILLIAM E. LANHAM, 
TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF REBECCA L. 
WILKINSON, TO BE MAJOR. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MAT-
THEW F. AMIDON AND ENDING WITH JOHN A. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MI-
CHAEL J. CORRADO AND ENDING WITH CRAIG C. ULLMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 29, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RORY 
L. ALDRIDGE AND ENDING WITH MARK D. ZIMMER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 29, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF MIRIAM BEHPOUR, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF THOMAS P. MURPHY, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF TODD S. LEVANT, TO BE COM-
MANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JENNIFER L. BORSTELMANN, TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF ROBERT S. THOMPSON, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MELISSA C. AUSTIN, TO BE COM-
MANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANTHONY S. 
ARDITO AND ENDING WITH RODERICK D. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF GARRETT T. PANKOW, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF WILLIAM M. WALKER, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER C. MEYER, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER . 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY G. 
BENTSON AND ENDING WITH PAUL N. PORENSKY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 30, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF KEVIN D. CLARIDA, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIANNA E. JACKSON, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JARED M. SPILKA, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF FRANCINE SEGOVIA, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF TODD W. MALLORY, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:07 May 26, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S21MY5.REC S21MY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E769 May 21, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE 90TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE TOWN AND COUN-TY CLUB 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the 90th anniversary of the Town and County Club in Hartford, Con-necticut. This club was originally founded on May 21, 1925 as a private women’s club and has continually flourished into an esteemed lo-cation for members to enjoy organized social, intellectual, and artistic gatherings. 
The first President of the club was Miss 
Anne Eliot Trumbull, and on the day of the first meeting of her Board, the Club had been incorporated with the assistance of attorney Barclay Robinson, under the name of ‘The Town and County Club, Incorporated’. The Ar-ticles of Association state the purposes for which the corporation was formed, and signed by the 16 subscribers present at the meeting. The Articles state: ‘For creating an organized center for women’s work, thought and action; advancing the interests of women; promoting science, literature, and art; providing an ac-cessible place of meeting for its members; promoting social intercourse by such means as the members of the corporation shall deem expedient and proper for that purpose, and for acquiring and maintaining and club house and grounds.’ 
In a time when the most private club mem-
berships were restricted to men, these women represented the voice and action for change by creating one of their own. In just five years after women’s suffrage in 1920, women in the Hartford County area chose to congregate and soon created this popular club that would con-tinue on and today, celebrate its 90th anniver-sary. It is my honor to congratulate the Town and County Club in Hartford, Connecticut. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 2015 GRAD-
UATES OF LEADERSHIP ROWAN 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the graduates of the Leadership Rowan class of 2015. These graduates rep-resent a cross-section of leaders in Rowan County, North Carolina, who are dedicated to making their county and local communities a better place. 
Leadership Rowan is a nine month program 
designed to teach existing leaders and com-munity volunteers about important local issues, introduce them to new means of in-volvement, and connect them with other lead-ers in the community. For 23 years under the sponsorship of the Rowan County Chamber of Commerce, Leadership Rowan has graduated 
over 500 emerging leaders. 
As a graduate of Leadership Cabarrus and 
Leadership Montgomery, which are similar programs in other North Carolina counties, I understand the level of commitment necessary to complete this program. I commend each graduate for taking the time to learn more about the political, cultural, social, economic, and educational issues in Rowan County in order to better understand and improve our community. These 25 graduates completed courses in History and Power; Business and the Economy; Public Education; Human Needs; Government; Criminal Justice; Com-munications; and Quality of Life. 
Participants in this year’s Leadership Rowan 
class include: Keri Allman, D.J. Barksdale, Gary Blabon, Keith Bowersox, Wendy Brindle, Mary Burridge, Thomas Cobb, Heather Crawford, Victoria Curran, Teresa Dakins, Addison Davis, Benjamin Davis, Michelle Fish-er, Jon Folstad, Rori Godsey, Ashlee Hawkins, Deborah Johnson, Heather King, Glenwood Oats Jr., Ann Pressly, Laurie Ritchie, Janet Spriggs, Shane Valley, Curtis Walker, and Jeanette West. 
It is an honor today to congratulate the 
graduates of Leadership Rowan for completing this program and for their dedication to serving our community and the State of North Caro-lina. 
f 
HONORING RABBI ANCHELLE PERL 
AND THE WINNERS OF THE GOOD DEED AWARDS FOR LONG ISLAND TEENAGERS 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the outstanding work of Rabbi Anchelle Perl of Chabad of Mineola and the winners of the prestigious Good Deed Awards for Long Island Teenagers. 
For over two decades, the National Com-
mittee for the Furtherance of Jewish Education (NCFJE) has worked tirelessly to showcase and celebrate the tremendous achievements and service of our youth and to help our great-er community appreciate their work. 
The Good Deed Awards have helped pro-
vide so many young men and women with the recognition, confidence and encouragement they need to continue on a path of public serv-ice and become the leaders of tomorrow. This organization instills in them a sense of pur-pose and pride and demonstrates the potential that our nation’s youth have for creating posi-tive change in their communities and improv-ing the lives of others. 
That is why I want to begin by congratu-
lating this year’s winners. These 31 incredible young men and women come from over a dozen different high schools, represent a di-verse set of backgrounds and cultures, and were nominated by a variety of distinguished 
community members, including educators, reli-gious and community leaders, elected officials, and members of the local business commu-nity. Brought together by their commitment to public service and the desire to help others, this year’s winners truly embody the very best that our community has to offer. 
I also want to acknowledge Rabbi Anchelle 
Perl of Chabad of Mineola, who has graciously hosted the Good Deed Awards for the past 22 years. Having had the honor of attending this event in the past, I know the crucial role that Rabbi Perl plays in guiding and encouraging these incredible young men and women, and in promoting community support for their work. Rabbi Perl has devoted his life to serving this community and I am truly proud to be his rep-resentative in Congress. 
f 
HELEN GORDON DAVIS 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to recognize the outstanding work of a trailblazing public servant and one of the champions of the Florida equal rights and civil rights movements, the late Florida State Sen-ator Helen Gordon Davis, who represented the Tampa Bay area in the Florida Legislature from 1974 until 1992. 
Senator Davis devoted her public service 
career to confronting and changing the in-equalities in economic, legal and social status for women and African Americans. She was a true pioneer for pay equity for women. In 1980, Mrs. Davis was presented with the Flor-ida ACLU Bill of Rights Award as a testament to her dedication for civil liberties for all. 
Senator Davis was elected to the Florida 
State House of Representatives in 1974 as the first woman from Hillsborough County to be elected to the Florida Legislature. She was subsequently re-elected six times. In 1988, Senator Davis successfully ran for the state Senate where she fought for economic equal-ity for women, and sponsored the first legisla-tion on sexual harassment. Among her many achievements, Mrs. Davis created the Mar-riage License Trust fund for Spouse Abuse Centers, Court Depositories for Child Support Payments, the Displaced Homemakers for Di-vorced Women Act, and doubled the penalties for hate crimes. 
With passion and courage, Mrs. Davis 
paved the way for future generations of Hillsborough County women in politics. 
Before her time as an influential legislator, 
Mrs. Davis was president of the League of Women Voters of Hillsborough County from 1966–1969. In 1971, Mrs. Davis founded Flor-ida’s first women’s center which sought to help women succeed in the workplace and helped many gain tangible professional and life skills. Mrs. Davis was the first recipient of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.001 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E770 May 21, 2015 
League of Women Voters of Hillsborough 
County’s Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Mrs. Davis was born on Christmas Day, 
1926 in Brooklyn, New York. Originally a stage actress, Mrs. Davis moved to Tampa in 1948 with husband Gene Davis, where she was a high school drama teacher and regular fixture in the community theater. 
Although Mrs. Davis passed away on May 
18, 2015, her legacy will continue through her broad-based legislative accomplishments, the Women’s Centre in the Hyde Park community of Tampa, and the women she championed both professionally and personally. Mrs. Davis is survived by her daughters Stephanie and Karen, her son Gordon, her sister Jeanne, and her two grandchildren. On behalf of the Tampa community, I am proud to recognize Helen Gordon Davis for her dedication to Hillsborough County, the State of Florida, and to women everywhere. 
f 
AMERICAN RESEARCH AND 
COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 880—another unpaid-for permanent extension of an expired tax provision offered by the Ma-jority. 
I am privileged to represent many of our 
country’s leading research institutions and in-novative researchers and entrepreneurs in New York’s 12th District. Like many of my col-leagues, I believe that a permanent R&D cred-it will support critical research and create high- skilled, high-paying jobs throughout the coun-try. This bill makes important improvements to the credit, and I hope to work with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to provide incentives for businesses to invest in research and development. 
However, I cannot support policies that ex-
tend certain tax provisions while other critical tax credits, like those for higher education and the Earned Income Tax Credit, face an uncer-tain future. All told, the Majority’s slate of un-paid-for permanent tax extensions would in-crease the deficit by nearly $600 billion, all while its budget proposes severe cuts to edu-cation, transportation, and critical safety net programs in the name of deficit reduction. Americans are not fooled by this double stand-ard, and Congress should reject this disingen-uous approach to tax policy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-
CATED SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BELOVED JIM BRUCE GRANT, JR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and dedicated service of Northwest Florida’s beloved Jim Bruce Grant, Jr. Jim was a loving husband, father, grand-father, patriot, and friend, and his loss will be 
mourned by all those who knew him. 
A native of Gulf Breeze, Florida, Jim 
showed tremendous leadership and service qualities, earning Eagle Scout honors during high school, and he built on this success when he answered the call of duty, joining the Flor-ida Army National Guard in 1982. Jim also continued his education, earning multiple col-lege and post-graduate degrees including both a Bachelor’s of Science and an LL.M degree from the University of Florida, as well as a JD from the University of Alabama. 
After a civilian break in service, Jim rejoined 
the Alabama Army National Guard in 2004, serving as a Staff Judge Advocate with 62nd Troop Command, Montgomery, Alabama. Dur-
ing Jim’s time in the Alabama Army National Guard, he served three tours of duty in sup-port of Operation Enduring Freedom and Op-eration Iraqi Freedom. During his first two tours, in 2006 and 2010, Jim was assigned as a Military Intelligence Advisor in Afghanistan, while his final tour was served supporting Spe-cial Forces in Iraq as part of 1st Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group, Huntsville, Ala-bama. In total, Jim served our Nation for more than 16 years with honor and distinction, earn-ing numerous awards including: two Meri-torious Service Medals, two Army Commenda-tion Medals, Army Combat Action Badge, Af-ghan Campaign Medal with the number 2, and the Iraq Campaign Medal. 
In addition to his meritorious service as part 
of our Nation’s Armed Forces, Jim also had a successful career as an attorney in the firm of Capell and Howard in Montgomery, Alabama, and he was a loving and devoted family man. 
To some Jim Grant will be remembered as 
a patriot and veteran, to others as a first-class attorney committed to our constitutional justice system, to his family and friends he will be for-ever be remembered as a husband, father and grandfather. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am privileged to recognize the life of Jim Bruce Grant, Jr. My wife Vicki and I ex-tend our heartfelt prayers and condolences to his wife, Jennifer; daughters, Amanda and Alicen; grandson, George; sisters, Janie and Diane; and the entire Grant family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DELBERT STEVENS 
FOR HIS HEROIC ACTIONS IN DE-FENSE OF HIS COUNTRY DURING WORLD WAR II 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Delbert Stevens, a native of Al-toona, for his heroic efforts and selfless serv-ice to his country in World War II. Mr. Ste-vens, who grew up in Huntingdon County, will be deservingly honored at the upcoming Al-toona Memorial Day Parade. He joined the Marines in 1943 when he was 23. He fought for our nation at Iwo Jima, where American forces undertook a historically difficult mission to advance our position in the war. Though nearly 7,000 Americans perished and 20,000 more were wounded in the siege, Mr. Stevens survived the long battle. 
Among the soldiers called upon to secure 
the island, Mr. Stevens, serving as a corporal in the 28th Marine Regiment, overcame some 
of the grisliest experiences of combat. In un-wavering service to his country and fellow Ma-rines, he contributed to a decisive victory that ultimately helped enable American victory in the Pacific in World War II. 
It is my honor to recognize him, one of our 
nation’s many heroes, for his courageous service to our country. I would also like to thank all the other men and women like him who unselfishly promote and defend the Amer-ican cause so that the world may be a better place. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MACEDONIA 
MINISTRY BAPTIST CHURCH ON ITS 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church on the occasion of their 80th anniver-sary. 
Macedonia Ministry Baptist Church has 
been described as being unique in the sense that many of the descendants of the founders and early leaders of the church are still active members today. 
On May 9, 1935, a council of 16 men and 
women came together to organize a new Mis-sionary Baptist church in the City of Flint. The first pastor was Rev. Joseph Mack. In the 1940’s, Rev. Ira Watkins led the congregation into a building fund campaign for the building of a new church. In 1953, they moved from their original storefront dwelling to their new building at 1116 Hickory Street. Rev. Watkins passed away in October of 1960, after serving 20 years as pastor. 
In December of 1960, the congregation 
elected Dr. J.C. Curry as its third pastor. Dr. J.C. Curry would become the church’s longest serving pastor and was one of the original or-ganizers of the Church-Security-in-Ministry ini-tiative. After 41 years, Dr. Curry retired in 2001. 
The fourth pastor was Rev. Alfred L. Harris 
who led the congregation from 2002 to 2011. In June 2012, Bishop Neal Roberson was named as the new pastor. Pastor Roberson was honored to accept the assignment, stating he was grateful for the opportunity. 
For eight decades, the Macedonia Mis-
sionary Baptist Church has worked tirelessly to help those in the community most in need. Residents of the area have come to rely on the Macedonia Ministry Baptist Church for such blessings as food baskets given to the impoverished during the holidays, ministerial services offered to inmates of the Genesee County Jail, and the annual Free Food Give- Away. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the tenacity of the 
Macedonia Ministry Baptist Church and thank them for the service they have provided to the City of Flint and surrounding communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.004 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E771 May 21, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF MR. FRED CURLS 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and to remember the late Mr. Fred Curls, a pioneer for civil and political rights and a resident of the Fifth District of Missouri, which I am honored to represent. On Friday, May 15, 2015, Mr. Curls passed away, after an incredible and inspiring ninety-six years of life. 
The silhouette of Mr. Curls now joins the al-
ways growing shadow of little-celebrated Kan-sas Citians whose work will make a difference for generations as yet unborn. Young African- American elected officials may not realize that the very office they hold—or aspire to hold— is, in no small part, related to the political pio-neering of Mr. Curls. 
Mr. Curls was one of the original founders 
of Freedom Incorporated, an African-American political organization which at one time could generate nearly 70,000 votes and remains in-fluential to this day. The organization was at the forefront in serving as a catalyst for change in civil rights, public accommodations, and the election of candidates at all levels of government. Freedom Inc.’s office has been visited by City Councilpersons, Jackson Coun-ty Executives, Mayors, Missouri State Sen-ators and Representatives, Governors, Congresspersons, Senators, Presidents, and those who have Presidential aspirations. 
For more than fifty years, Mr. Curls dedi-
cated his life to the Greater Kansas City com-munity, promoting and improving political em-powerment and the civil rights of people of color. The ripples of his efforts are felt in our community and around the country. His chil-dren, grandchildren, and great grandchildren have followed in his footsteps in acknowl-edging their responsibility of giving back to the community. His son, State Senator Phil B. Curls, Sr. was the President of Freedom Inc. during a period when it was recognized as one of the most potent political organizations in the United States and brought about the election of the first African-American Con-gressman from the Fifth District of Missouri, U.S. Representative Alan Wheat. 
Since the mid-1950s, Fred Curls was in-
volved in real estate sales and appraisals, most notably in the African-American commu-nity of Kansas City. He fought against ‘‘restric-tive covenants’’ whereby residential homes could not be sold in certain areas to minori-ties. He was part of a class action lawsuit which resulted in the United States Supreme Court outlawing such covenants. 
In all of his activities, Mr. Curls dem-
onstrated his dedication and commitment to the greater good of others. He was actively in-volved with his high school graduating class, the Class of 1937, which remained close even in recent years. He was honored by Jackson County, Missouri, as one of its ‘‘Legacy Awardees’’ for its 175th anniversary as a polit-ical subdivision. He was also honored by fel-low Missourian, U.S. Representative W
ILLIAM  
LACY CLAY of St. Louis and myself as an 
awardee of the ‘‘Missouri Walk of Fame’’ des-ignation, as one of the pioneers of Kansas 
City’s African-American political struggle. 
Throughout his life, he believed in the say-
ing ‘‘make it happen.’’ He put his principles into practice, and the results of his efforts ‘‘made it happen’’ throughout the Kansas City metropolitan area. 
For those reasons and more, it is indeed an 
honor and a privilege to honor and remember the life of Mr. Fred Curls. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing our sympathies to the family of Mr. Fred Curls, and our gratitude for his endless commitment to serving the resi-dents of Kansas City and the State of Mis-souri. Whatever we, as African-Americans, may attain in the political arena, Fred Curls and those who labored to act on our behalf as political pioneers have helped to change the course of history. He was a true role model not just to the African-American community in Missouri, but to the entire community at large. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JEFF 
HERMANSEN FOR HIS BRAVE ACT OF HEROISM ON THE JOB 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Jeff Hermansen for his heroic ac-tions on May 5, 2015. Mr. Hermansen self-lessly put himself in harm’s way in order to save the life of another. 
Jeff Hermansen, a UPS delivery driver, was 
following his usual route across the East State Street Bridge in Rockford, Illinois on Tuesday, May 5th when he noticed a man struggling in the Rock River. Without hesitating, Hermansen removed his shoes, swam into the unpredictable Rock River, and brought the stranger to safety. 
Mr. Hermansen’s selfless heroics are made 
even more impressive by his excellent char-acter. Following the incident, he declined any special treatment and went about his delivery route. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hermansen’s harrowing 
actions and admirable display of character are the true embodiment of a hero. 
f 
PATRICK MADDEN 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Patrick Madden as a member of the United States Air Force Academy Class of 2015. 
Patrick will graduate from the U.S. Air Force 
Academy as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force on May 28, 2015. 
His career in the service has just begun, but 
it is a testament to Patrick’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The chal-lenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. The challenge for this young man will be to 
retain as much as possible, pass on what he learns to others, and live life for every mo-ment. 
South Mississippi is proud of Patrick and his 
accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Air Force officer. 
As Patrick embarks on a new chapter in life, 
it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Air Force Academy. 
I would like to send Patrick my best wishes 
for continued success in his future endeavors, thank him for his service, and congratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GREG COL-
LINS, RECIPIENT OF THE GREAT-ER WILKES-BARRE SALVATION ARMY COMMUNITY SERVICE AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Greg Collins, who is receiving the Community Service Award from the Great-er Wilkes-Barre Salvation Army. 
Mr. Collins is the Area President for Wells 
Fargo’s Northeast Pennsylvania market, which serves nine counties in northeast Pennsyl-vania. Prior to joining Wells Fargo in 1992, Mr. Collins was marketing manager for Bridon American Corporation. 
A native of northeastern Pennsylvania, Mr. 
Collins’ leadership and influence extends far beyond the workplace. He serves as a board member for several area organizations, includ-ing Misericordia University, the Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Business and Indus-try, Leadership Wilkes-Barre, and the North-eastern Pennsylvania Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Collins is a Scranton Plan committee member as well as Chairman of the 2015 American Heart Association Gala for Northeastern Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Collins is a 2010 graduate of Leadership 
Wilkes-Barre’s Executive Leadership Program, as well as a 4th degree member of the Knights of Columbus. Earlier this year, he re-ceived the 2015 North Star Award from the Northeastern Pennsylvania Council of the Boy Scouts of America. This community service award recognizes individuals for their contribu-tions and dedication on behalf of humanity and the promotion of health and wellness for all. 
It is a distinct honor to honor Greg Collins 
on receiving the Greater Wilkes-Barre Salva-tion Army Community Service Award, and I commend him for the many years of dedicated service he provided to our local community. His work on behalf of others serves as an in-spiration for all of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.009 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E772 May 21, 2015 
RECOGNIZING HUNTINGTON HIGH 
SCHOOL AND HUNTINGTON MID-DLE SCHOOL STUDENTS FOR REPRESENTING WEST VIRGINIA IN THE 2015 SCIENCE OLYMPIAD NATIONAL TOURNAMENT 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize a team of talented students from Huntington High School and Huntington Middle School in Huntington, West Virginia, for their participation in the 2015 Science Olym-piad National Tournament at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln May 15–16. Their participa-tion is a first for any school from West Virginia and is testament to the great accomplishments of West Virginia students in the subject areas of science, technology, engineering and math. 
It is these students that are our future engi-
neers, mathematicians, physicians, and if the results from this competition are any indica-tion, our future is in great hands. I also want to recognize the teachers and other volunteers that made this event possible to attend for the students. The knowledge and passion they convey to the students is certainly reflected in the impressive work that they do. 
In closing, I would like to list the names of 
those who represented the great state of West Virginia at the 2015 Science Olympiad Na-tional Tournament: 
Science Olympiad team members from Hun-
tington Middle School include: Team Coach Leann Haines, Tess Anderson, Beth Bell, Khaled El-Shazly, Allyson Ey, Elena Ferguson, Shylah Johnson, Phillip Murphy, Kayla Patrick, Rankin Payne, Sam Pittman, Clara Poling, Perin Schray, Isaac Sutherland, Megan Wolf, Demetrios Svingos, Cassidy Woodrum. 
Science Olympiad team members from Hun-
tington High School include: Team Coach Wil-liam Strait, Adam Cordingley, Sarah Cordingley, Denise Dawley, Omar Salem, Abdullah Hijazi, Alicia Bird, Zach Perry, Triston Poston, Will Frazier, Kyle Grimes, John Hol-brook, Phillip Murphy, Thad Taylor, Steven Richbart, Yazan Khader and Levi Parett. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE HONORABLE 
WILLIAM HUFF III 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected public servant and outstanding citizen, the Honorable William Huff III, Tax Commissioner of Talbot County, Georgia. Sadly, Mr. Huff passed away on Thursday, May 14, 2015. Fu-neral services to celebrate his life will be held on Tuesday, May 19, 2015 at 4:00 p.m. at the Central High School Gym in Talbotton, Geor-gia. 
A life-long resident of Talbot County, Geor-
gia, William Huff was born on November 11, 1945, the youngest of six children. After grad-uating from Ruth Carter High School in Talbotton in 1963, he enrolled in Fort Valley State University in Fort Valley, Georgia, where 
he became a member of Omega Psi Phi Fra-ternity, Inc. and was recognized in Who’s Who Among Colleges and Universities in 1966. He earned a Bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences and a Master’s degree in Guidance and Coun-seling. 
Upon graduation, Mr. Huff returned to Talbot 
County and taught at Ruth Carter High School from 1968–1970. During this time, he also was a part-time car salesman at Meadows Motors in Manchester, Georgia. 
In 1971, Mr. Huff was elected to the Talbot 
County Commission at the young age of 26, launching a career in public service that would span more than 40 years. Moreover, Mr. Huff’s election to the Talbot County Commis-sion earned him a place in history as the first African American elected to office in Talbot County as well as the youngest African-Amer-ican County Commissioner in the state of Georgia. In 1988, he became the first African- American Tax Commissioner in Talbot County. Not one to rest on his laurels, Mr. Huff also was a trailblazer in the business community, 
becoming the first African-American Ford deal-er in the state of Georgia in 1975. 
Further demonstrating his enduring commit-
ment to his community, Mr. Huff served on nu-merous boards, including the Talbot County Planning Commission; Upson Technical Col-lege; the Independent Farming Association; and the Ford Motor Association. He was ap-pointed to the United States Selective Service System Board in 1998 and was also appointed to the Governor’s Council on Aging by former Georgia Governor George Busbee. 
Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul 
serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ William Huff is one such great soul, who served humanity in a special way. He devoted nearly four decades of dedicated service to the people of Talbot County through his meaningful contribution of energy, skill, and genuine passion. He was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. His impression on this earth extends beyond himself to the very wellbeing of Talbot County, and for it he will be remem-bered by the community for time to come. 
On a personal note, Mr. Huff was a dear 
friend of longstanding. I have truly been blessed by his friendship, counsel and inspira-tion throughout the years. 
William Huff is survived by his wife, Emma 
Jean; children, William Vincent, Reginald, and Jamie; eight wonderful grandchildren; and a host of other family members and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District salute Commis-sioner William Huff for his dedicated service and exceptional impact on Talbot County, Georgia. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Mr. Huff’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, if I was present 
during the end of yesterday’s vote series, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 259 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 260. 
f 
HONORING LAURA ELIZABETH 
ALLIAH PERKINS FOR ACHIEV-ING PERFECT ATTENDANCE WHILE ENROLLED IN THE BROWARD COUNTY SCHOOL SYS-TEM FROM KINDERGARTEN THROUGH HER SENIOR YEAR 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today to recognize Ms. Laura Elizabeth Alliah Perkins, a recent graduate of Mcfatter Technical High School. Laura was honored at the Broward County Public Schools fourth an-nual Best-in-Class and Perfect Attendance Awards ceremony on Thursday, May 7, 2015, and again on Tuesday, May 19, 2015 at the Broward County School Board Meeting. 
The Best-in-Class Award is an accolade 
presented to students who have been continu-ously enrolled in Broward County Public Schools from kindergarten through 12th grade, who have perfect attendance. This is a re-markable achievement and it is an immense honor of mine to recognize Laura for her un-wavering devotion to education. 
Having never missed a single day of school 
for a total of 2,340 days is no small feat. Fur-thermore, in a show of appreciation, various community and business partners have joined together to provide Laura and fellow honorees with an assortment of gifts and supplies that will assist them as they continue their journey towards higher education. 
Mr. Speaker. I once again want to commend 
Ms. Laura Elizabeth Alliah Perkins for her dedication and commitment to education. She is a shining example of student success. I wish her all the very best as she begins study-ing at the University of South Florida this fall, and know that she will make her community and the state of Florida proud. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RACHEL JACOBS 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
deep sadness to pay tribute to a remarkable person, Rachel Jacobs, who was among those who tragically lost their lives in the Amtrak ac-cident in Philadelphia last week. Rachel was the eldest daughter of my close friends, Gilda and John Jacobs, was the wife of Todd Waldman, and a loving mother to her young son, Jacob. 
The accident has been devastating for those 
who knew and loved Rachel Jacobs, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.003 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E773 May 21, 2015 
the families of the other people who were 
killed or injured. Those families deserve to know exactly how this horrific accident hap-pened and to have confidence that it will never be repeated. They also deserve to know that those who bear responsibility for this tragedy are also held accountable. I will insist on an-swers, solutions, and accountability, and I trust that my colleagues will join me. 
At her funeral service in Michigan on Mon-
day, I and others had a chance to hear first-hand just how deeply Rachel had touched the lives of so many. There were common themes among those who spoke at the service and in several of the stories written about her in the media since the accident. She was a dedi-cated friend, always going out of her way to be there for those she was close to. At the service we heard about how during Hurricane Sandy, when Rachel was 40 weeks pregnant and coping without electrical power, she went to the hospital to support a friend who was giving birth. Rachel took great joy in her fam-ily, as a wife and partner to Todd and as a mother to Jacob. She was a leader and a team builder who inspired her colleagues at ApprenNet, the education technology startup 
where she served as CEO. And she was in-credibly smart, passionate and committed to social justice. As one of her friends told the Detroit Jewish News, ‘‘. . . she lit so many sparks. She was a visionary and a mobilizer. I’m amazed at how much she managed to fit into her 39 years.’’ 
Rachel was known not only for her vision, 
but as the speakers at the service stressed, for her willingness to do the hard work nec-essary to bring her ideas to life. Detroit Nation might be the most vivid example of this. Ra-chel and friends in New York who had grown up in the Detroit area talked about creating a way for Detroit area natives who now live elsewhere to stay connected to their home-town and to participate in its revitalization. Ra-chel took this idea, sparked by a discussion among friends at a Passover Seder, and founded Detroit Nation—a nonprofit organiza-tion which now has more than 7,000 members in Metro Detroit and throughout the country. Detroit Nation creates connections between former Detroiters with expertise in a variety of areas and entrepreneurs and nonprofit organi-zations in Detroit who can benefit from that expertise, while also promoting the energy and innovation taking place in Detroit to people in cities throughout the country. 
Mr. Speaker, Rachel Jacobs’ mother, Gilda, 
perfectly described Rachel’s most vital trait when she told the Detroit Jewish News that her daughter ‘‘. . . connected with the world.’’ This ability—to connect with the world and to create connections between other people to work together for a common good—has made a difference in the lives of many. May we all be inspired by Rachel, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in extending the deepest condolences to Rachel’s husband, Todd Waldman and their son Jacob; to her parents, Gilda and John Jacobs; to her sister Jessica Steinhardt; and to all of Rachel’s family, friends, and colleagues. IN HONOR OF MURRAY J. PEN-
DLETON, CHIEF OF POLICE OF WATERFORD, CT POLICE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Chief Murray J. Pendleton of Wa-terford, Connecticut upon his retirement from the Waterford Police Department. 
For 48 years, Mr. Pendleton has been a 
committed and active officer of the Waterford Police Department, serving for the past 23 as Chief of Police. Chief Pendleton has stead-fastly focused on the security of citizens in Waterford, and he is known in particular for his devotion to improving traffic safety pro-grams. Thanks to his tenacity and devotion, his tenure as Chief in Waterford has been rec-ognized nationally and has left a lasting im-pact on the community. 
Chief Pendleton’s impressive law enforce-
ment career started in the United States Air Force as an Air Force Police Officer in 1962. In 1967, he joined the Waterford Police De-partment, serving in multiple specialized roles until his promotion to Deputy Chief in 1984, and Chief in 1991. 
Chief Pendleton has served as a valued re-
source to my office throughout my time in Congress, and his absence will be felt in east-ern Connecticut. Chief Pendleton was not just a leader in Waterford and its outstanding de-partment, but in the entire state, advocating for safe roads and highways, regionalizing first responders and resources, and making police and fire communications interoperable. Any time I had a question, he always made himself available in person or on the phone and his responses were always direct and honest with no sugarcoating. 
Please join me in congratulating Chief Mur-
ray Pendleton on a lifetime of service to his community, and wishing him a rewarding, and well-deserved retirement. 
f 
DEDICATION OF THE LGBT MONU-
MENT IN ABRAHAM LINCOLN NA-TIONAL CEMETERY 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Chicago Chapter of American Veterans for Equal Rights, which will dedicate a monument for LGBT Veterans in Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elmwood, IL on May 25, 2015. This is an historic day, as this is the first federally-approved monument hon-oring LGBT veterans to be dedicated in a Na-tional Cemetery in the United States. 
It is fitting that this monument is located in 
the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery. President Lincoln was not only our 16th Presi-dent and from the great state of Illinois, but he was also the founder of the National Cemetery system. His Gettysburg Address of 1863 be-came a model of the principles of nationalism, republicanism, equal rights, liberty, and de-mocracy. I am grateful for the efforts of the American 
Veterans for Equal Rights (AVER) and their continued commitment and dedication to equal rights and equitable treatment for all present and former members of the United States Armed Forces. 
Thanks to Stanley J. Jenczyk and his col-
leagues with the Chicago Chapter of AVER, the LGBT veteran community will have a last-ing tribute honoring their achievements and sacrifices. This monument recognizes the in-numerable accomplishments of our military and forever commemorates their endeavors as servants of our great nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating this significant dedication with the Chicago Chapter of American Veterans for Equal Rights. I am honored to have such an exceptional organization in my district. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MILLEDGE- 
VILLE’S TRIUMPH AEROSTRUCTURES-VOUGH AIR-CRAFT DIVISION 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to applaud Milledgeville’s Triumph Aerostructures-Vought Aircraft Division, an ex-ceptional manufacturer located in Baldwin County, Georgia that was recognized as the 2015 ‘‘Large Manufacturer of the Year’’ by the Georgia Department of Economic Develop-ment. 
Today, I praise Triumph for their global vi-
sion, their commitment to job creation, and for their extensive economic contribution through-out Middle Georgia. In my opinion, Mr. Speak-er, Triumph is more than a manufacturing company but also a place of business integrity and workforce excellence. And I am honored to have a business like Triumph in my home district. 
Mr. Speaker, Triumph is not only dedicated 
to business excellence but also determined to building a network of community leaders throughout their organization. Triumph’s man-agement established a tuition reimbursement program for its employees looking to further their education while dedicating countless vol-unteer hours to United Way, Relay For Life, and the American Red Cross. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I con-
gratulate Triumph on their outstanding eco-nomic and leadership achievements, and I look forward to their future endeavors in the 10th district of Georgia. 
f 
HONORING MARTHA HERM FOR 
HER WORK WITH THE CENTER FOR PREVENTION OF ABUSE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Martha Herm for the more than two decades she spent as the Executive Director of the Center for Prevention of Abuse in Peo-ria, Illinois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.007 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E774 May 21, 2015 
Annually, the Center provides assistance to 
more than 5,000 victims of domestic, sexual and elder abuse in addition to providing pre-vention education to children, teens and adults across Central Illinois. 
On top of her decades of leadership with 
the Center, Martha has served her community through other leadership roles with the Coali-tion Against Domestic Violence and the Illinois Certified Domestic Violence Professionals Board. As so many can attest to, Martha has been a true asset to the Peoria area. 
Mr. Speaker, Martha has spent her life dedi-
cated to serving her community and the state of Illinois, and we are very gracious for all she has done. I wish her all the best going for-ward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOLY CROSS LU-
THERAN CHURCH ON ITS 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Holy Cross Lutheran Church of St. Cloud, Minnesota, for their 125th anniversary. 
In 1890, Holy Cross Lutheran Church 
opened its doors. The congregation wor-shipped near the St. Cloud State University campus until they outgrew their facilities and in 1996 relocated to Clearwater Road. 
For 125 years, generations of central Min-
nesotans have gathered together to worship under this church’s roof. Today, more than 1,000 people celebrate their faith and love of Christ in this vibrant and growing faith commu-nity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that this body join me in 
congratulating Holy Cross Lutheran Church on their anniversary. May they have many more fruitful years to come. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF PROJECT HEAD START 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the 
author of H. Res. 92 and the Co-Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, it is with great pride and deep appreciation for the op-portunities this great nation affords to its citi-zens that I rise to commemorate the 50th an-niversary of Project Head Start, one of the sig-nal achievements of the Great Society and boldest initiatives launched by the nation in the War on Poverty. 
Launched in the White House Rose Garden 
on May 18, 1965, by President Lyndon Baines Johnson, the aim of Project Head Start was bold and audacious in its scope and design. 
As President Johnson stated in announcing 
the opening of a new front in the War on Pov-erty with the launch of Project Head Start: 
‘‘We set out to make certain that poverty’s 
children would not be forevermore poverty’s captives. . . . ‘‘This means that nearly half the preschool 
children of poverty will get a head start on their future. . . . 
‘‘These children will receive preschool train-
ing to prepare them for regular school in Sep-tember. . . . 
‘‘They will get medical and dental attention 
that they badly need, and parents will receive counseling on improving the home environ-ment.’’ 
Conceived as an eight-week summer pro-
gram designed to provide pre-school training not just to prepare 5 and 6 year-olds to enter regular school the following September, but also to give nearly half the preschool children living in poverty ‘‘a head start on their future.’’ 
At its launch, the Head Start Program, ad-
ministered by the Office of Economic Oppor-tunity and wonderfully and skillfully led by its Director, Sargent Shriver, consisted of 2,500 projects, covering 11,000 Child Development Centers, serving about 530,000 poor children in every state of the Union. 
Mr. Speaker, President Johnson recognized 
that the bleak future waiting for children trapped in poverty was not a phenomenon concentrated in the inner-cities of the large urban cities of the North but could be found in every region in every state in the nation. 
That is why the Head Start Program was 
launched not as a mere demonstration project limited to a handful of counties, but as a pro-gram national in scope serving every city, sub-urb, and rural area in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, the Head Start Program pro-
vided pre-school training to prepare poor chil-dren to enter regular school and help put them on an even footing with their classmates as they entered school. 
But it also had an even higher aim and 
loftier purpose, and that was to assist children prepare for the challenges they will face in life and to combat poverty’s great weapons—hun-ger and malnutrition; illness and poor health; ignorance and cultural deprivation. 
Project Head Start was from the start a na-
tional undertaking, utilizing the services of 41,000 professionals, including teachers, doc-tors, dentists, nurses, nutritionists, employing more than 47,000 persons, who were assisted by more than 500,000 volunteers. 
Based on its initial success as a summer 
program, the following year, in 1966, Head Start was funded as a primarily part day, 9 month program, largely through existing com-munity action programs. 
In later years, the Head Start Program 
would be expanded to serve children with dis-abilities, Native Americans, homeless children, and to provide bilingual and bicultural migrant and seasonal programs serving 6,000 children in 21 states. 
Today, the Head Start Program serves 
nearly a million poor children, including: 160,829 enrolled in Early Head Start for 3- year olds; 910,833 enrolled in Head Start; 20,627 American Indian/Alaska Native children enrolled in Head Start; 4,722 American Indian/ Alaska Native children enrolled in Early Head Start; 32,082 children of migrant or seasonal workers enrolled in Head Start; and 40,853 homeless children enrolled in Head Start. 
Additionally, the Head Start Program serves 
136,120 children with disabilities, 15,632 preg-nant women, and provides services to 771,840 families. 
In my home state of Texas, the Head Start 
Program serves 661,000 poor children under the age of 5, including 2,471 homeless chil-
dren, 8,370 children with disabilities, and pro-vides services to 53,333 families. 
And in my home city of Houston, a remark-
able organization called AVANCE has been serving the needs of low-income children and families since its founding in 1973. 
AVANCE offers Head Start, Early Head 
Start, Parenting, Healthy Marriage, Father-hood, and other programs designed to prepare and help low-income children, students, and families reach their potential. 
Mr. Speaker, not only has the Head Start 
Program been a great benefit to its direct beneficiaries, it has provided substantial eco-nomic and social benefits to the nation as a whole. 
Research studies have shown that for each 
dollar invested, the Head Start program yields a rate of return on investment (ROI) of 7–9 percent and the program is responsible for the direct creation of 236,591 jobs, with an aver-age annual salary of about $31,000 for Head Start teachers with baccalaureate degrees. 
Mr. Speaker, another societal benefit of the 
Head Start Program is the improved health of the children and families it serves. 
Research has shown that the mortality rates 
for 5–9 year-old children who had attended Head Start are 33–50% lower than the rates for comparable children not enrolled in Head Start. 
Moreover, Head Start children are less likely 
to fall victim to childhood obesity and are at least 8% more likely to have had their immuni-zations than children who did not attend pre-school. 
Mr. Speaker, the Head Start Program has 
been an unqualified success for the more than 31 million children and parents it has served since its inception in 1965. 
And so it is that we can look back with pride 
on the 50 year record of this bold and innova-tive program. 
But we cannot yet be satisfied because our 
work is not done and will not be done until every eligible child is afforded the opportunity to get a head start in life the program pro-vides. 
Today, only 42 percent of eligible low-in-
come preschoolers are actually served by Head Start and less than 4 percent are in Early Head Start. 
But we should not let the fact that we have 
more work to do to strengthen the Head Start Program detract from the joy and happiness we are justified in deriving from its half century of success and its vindication of our optimistic belief in the capacity of Americans to solve pressing national problems when people of goodwill work together in the spirit of coopera-tion rather than conflict. 
The record of the Head Start Program 
shows that it can be done and that President Johnson was right—the Head Start Program was and is ‘‘one of the most constructive, and one of the most sensible, and also one of the most exciting programs that this Nation has ever undertaken.’’ 
And its reward for this bold act is the collec-
tive service and contributions to the better-ment of society made by the 31 million chil-dren that have been served by the program over the past 50 years. 
I thank the 100 colleagues who co-spon-
sored H. Res. 92, and especially the 65 mem-bers who joined me as original cosponsors of the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.011 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E775 May 21, 2015 
I also wish to express my thanks and appre-
ciation to Chelsea Ukoha and Gregory Berry of my staff for their exceptional efforts and work on this wonderful tribute to a program that has contributed so much to the richness and vitality of our country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I was unable to vote on H.R. 1191 (Roll Call Vote 118), the Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act of 2015 on May 15, 2015. I would like to reflect that if I had the oppor-tunity to vote on H.R. 1191, I would have voted Aye. 
I strongly support the Iran Nuclear Agree-
ment Review Act of 2015 and I believe we are at a critical point where Congress must be af-forded the opportunity to review any deal with Iran. Although I support the ongoing negotia-tions of the Iran Nuclear Framework, I strongly believe the United States must ensure Iran is denied any opportunities to further pursue its nuclear ambitions. It is critical that the final deal require a comprehensive inspection and verification vehicle, including the right to ‘‘any-time, anywhere’’ inspections. Iran must also remove all its enriched uranium and comply with six United Nations Security Council reso-lutions to reveal the extent of its prior nuclear work. Most importantly, I believe we must ex-ercise extreme caution before lifting any exist-ing sanctions. Iran must demonstrate compli-ance with the deal before any sanctions are lifted. Furthermore, the United States must have a structure in place to immediately re-im-pose these sanctions if Iran is found violating any terms of the agreement. 
Iran’s nuclear program remains a threat to 
the international community. A nuclear-armed Iran would pose enormous challenges to the national security of the United States and our allies including Israel. Signing a final deal will only be the first step—the United States and the international community must continue to work together to provide the necessary over-sight in order to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF FIREARM RISK 
PROTECTION ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Fire-arm Risk Protection Act, innovative legislation to promote safe gun ownership. 
Too often, our communities are left looking 
for answers after horrific tragedies inflicted with dangerous firearms. A requirement to carry liability insurance is a market-based so-lution that would hold gun owners responsible for the risk their firearms present, and create incentives for responsible gun safety practices. 
The Firearm Risk Protection Act would har-
ness the power of insurance markets to allow professional actuaries to determine the risk 
presented by each gun and gun owner. Just as with car insurance, higher-risk owners of firearms would face higher premiums, while responsible owners could qualify for reduced rates. 
As gun violence continues to inflict scars on 
American families and our communities, Con-gress should look for new ways to promote gun safety and prevent future tragedies. I hope my colleagues will join me to support this forward-thinking legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL R. 
MARTIN UMBARGER 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a distinguished Hoosier and American, Major General R. Martin Umbarger, the Adju-tant General of Indiana. Major General Umbarger is retiring after eleven years as the leader of the Indiana Army and Air National Guard, the Indiana Guard Reserve and sup-port staff totaling more than 15,800 personnel. 
Major General Umbarger began his career 
as an enlisted soldier for the Indiana Army Na-tional Guard in 1969. He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant after graduating from the Indiana Military Academy as a distin-guished military graduate. He has served as the Deputy Commanding General for the Re-serve Component in the U.S. Army Forces Command, Assistant Division Commander for Training for the 38th Infantry Division, and as Commanding General of the 76th Infantry Bri-gade. 
Major General Umbarger earned a Bachelor 
of Science Degree in business from the Uni-versity of Evansville and attended the United States Command and General Staff College and United States Army War College. Major General Umbarger has directed the pre-mobi-lized training, deployment and redeployment of most of the Indiana Army and Air National Guard in support of the Global War on Ter-rorism. He has served as a member of the Secretary of the Army’s Reserve Forces Policy Committee and currently serves on the Sec-retary of Defense’s Reserve Forces Policy Board. 
As Secretary of State, I had the privilege of 
working with Major General Umbarger to pro-tect Hoosiers serving in the military, both out- of-state and overseas, by promoting and im-proving absentee voting processes. Major General Umbarger recognized the importance of ensuring that those fighting for our freedom had the opportunity to vote for those sending them into harm’s way. He truly values the rights of the men and women under his com-mand, and they know it. 
As Indiana’s Fourth District Representative, 
I have also worked with Major General Umbarger on legislation which would study the structure of our military and how reserve com-ponents can be best utilized. 
Major General Umbarger is one of the most 
accomplished adjutant generals in the country and a valuable leader in Indiana. He has led the Indiana National Guard and served our state and nation with integrity and distinction over his 45 year career in the Armed Forces. I wish him and his family the best of luck as 
they prepare for the next chapter of their lives. 
f 
THANKING MS. SHARON ANN POR-
TER FOR HER SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I would like to thank Ms. Sharon Ann Porter for her more than fifteen years of out-standing service to the House of Representa-tives, in a number of administrative and sup-port roles. 
Ms. Porter began her career in the House in 
February 2000 as the Data Entry Specialist under the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO). Eager to learn and help carry out other duties, Ms. Porter was promoted to Financial Coun-selor in February 2001. As Financial Coun-selor she was responsible for the processing of payments as well as reimbursements re-quested by House offices, including Member, Committee, and Leadership offices. Ms. Porter worked diligently in all her roles, processing a large volume of payments on a daily basis, as well as forming long-lasting friendships with her customers and co-workers. 
Additionally, Ms. Porter has offered her ex-
pertise during each House Service Fair, by volunteering extra time to assist with dissemi-nating valuable information to House employ-ees and customers. She was also instrumental in the transition to the new digital document management and electronic voucher submis-sion known as E-Voucher, which streamlines services to House offices. 
Ms. Porter’s work ethic, diligence, and dedi-
cation have made her an invaluable asset to the CAO organization. She has consistently provided excellent customer service to Mem-bers and staff. Her outgoing personality, posi-tive attitude, and sense of humor have en-deared her to many colleagues and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Ms. Sharon Ann 
Porter and I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking her for her distinguished service to the House of Representatives as well as the nation it serves. I wish Ms. Porter and her family all the best as she begins this new chapter in her life. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR AN EVENT TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA I 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, May 18, 2015 
Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of S. Con. Res. 3, a concur-rent resolution authorizing the use of Emanci-pation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to be held on June 7, 2015, to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
This annual celebration honors King Kame-
hameha I who established a unified Kingdom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.012 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E776 May 21, 2015 
of Hawai‘i in 1810. King Kamehameha Day 
was celebrated first on June 11, 1872, and has been a Hawai‘i State holiday since 1959. In 1970, the celebration of King Kamehameha’s birthday in our nation’s capital opened the rich history and culture of Hawai‘i to more Americans. 
In 1758, with the birth of Kamehameha, a 
prophecy foretelling that a great leader would be born and unite the islands of Hawai‘i was fulfilled. Born into royal families from the is-lands of Hawai‘i and Maui, Kamehameha’s mentoring started at a young age. He learned religion, oral history, culture, economics, gov-ernance, navigation, warfare, and other fields of knowledge necessary to build a nation. 
Kamehameha rose to power through polit-
ical astuteness and superior forces. He was a visionary leader with a strategic mind, domi-nating presence, and persuasive personality. Kamehameha developed relationships with other royal families, built coalitions and sought the counsel of those steeped in modern war-fare. By 1790, Kamehameha’s modernized armed forces equipped with cannons and fire-arms and use of psychological warfare to un-dermine the spirits of opposing forces led to one successful military campaign after an-other. 
While uniting the islands of Hawai‘i, Kame-
hameha contemplated on the future of the Kingdom of Hawai‘i and reasoned that for a nation to be vibrant, its citizens must feel safe and secure. Kamehameha reflected on a mili-tary encounter with fishermen gathering food from the ocean for their families. As Kameha-meha gave chase to the fishermen, his leg got caught among the shoreline rocks. One of the fishermen hit him on the head with a paddle that broke into splinters. The fisherman spared Kamehameha’s life. 
Later, the fisherman was brought before Ka-
mehameha. In his wisdom, Kamehameha ruled that the fisherman was innocent. The fisherman was protecting his family and land from an aggressor who could have done them harm. From that experience, Kamehameha embraced the inalienable rights of all men and women by proclaiming the Law of the Splin-tered Paddle (Ka ¯na¯wai Ma ¯mala Hoe), the law 
of the land. The law stated, ‘‘Let every elderly person, woman, and child lie by the roadside in safety.’’ The Law of the Splintered Paddle sets the moral tone to do no harm to fellow human beings, take personal responsibility and think before committing an act of violence. It is fitting that the words of the Law of the Splintered Paddle are enshrined in the Hawai‘i State Constitution. Its values have become a model for human rights law regarding the treatment of civilians and other non-combat-ants. 
Kamehameha knew that in order to ensure 
the health, safety, and welfare of his people, it was imperative to create economic opportu-nities. Kamehameha invested resources to maintain viable fishponds and taro patches; protect fresh water streams, fertile soils, and forest lands; build schools and train a new generation of leaders. Kamehameha also bore witness to rapid unfolding events occurring since the arrival of Captain James Cook in 1778. Kamehameha knew that it was the be-ginning of a new chapter in the history of the Native Hawai‘ian people, and he made wise decisions to prepare his people for the future. 
In closing, I would like to extend my appre-
ciation to the staff of the Committee on House Administration, the Office of the Architect of 
the Capitol, and the Office of Sergeant at Arms who have helped make this annual birth-day celebration for King Kamehameha I a suc-cess. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SCAN CON-
TAINERS ABSOLUTELY NOW (SCAN) ACT 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, after the tragic at-
tacks on 9/11, Congress strengthened aviation security, which was the nature of the attacks against our country. While our aviation system is more secure—13 years later—we have not secured our nation’s ports. Our ports are vul-nerable to attacks. 
I represent the Port of Los Angeles and the 
communities that surround the port; I have the personal responsibility of keeping the people of my district safe. 
Top security experts recommend that ship-
ping containers entering our nation’s ports be scanned for radiological and nuclear materials and other potentially dangerous cargo. In addi-tion, Congress passed laws requiring that 100 percent of all cargo be scanned by 2012. Today, three years after the deadline, we are scanning only 3 percent of incoming cargo. 
I firmly believe that responding to ongoing 
terrorist threats and the risk of nuclear pro-liferation should remain top national security priorities. 
The detonation of a nuclear device or ‘‘dirty 
bomb’’ at a port such as the Port of Los Ange-les could cause a staggering loss of life. In ad-dition, it could result in a West Coast or na-tionwide shutdown of all ports, which would cost the United States economy billions of dol-lars each day. The economic impact of port closure on supply chains was clearly dem-onstrated in 2002 when port workers were locked out for 8 days at the West Coast Ports. That cost $1 billion per day. 
For these reasons, I am re-introducing the 
Scan Containers Absolutely Now (SCAN) Act. This bill would create a one-year pilot program at two United States ports to evaluate the process of 100 percent scanning of cargo con-tainers and its potential use at all domestic ports. 
I previously introduced this in the 113th 
Congress. This reintroduction includes several improvements to give ports who wish to apply, more flexibility on the management of the se-curity systems. 
We must take our responsibility to protect 
the nation seriously. We cannot allow incon-venience or shortsighted economic expediency to get in the way of keeping our nation’s ports and citizens safe. 
f 
RESTORING EDUCATION AND 
LEARNING (REAL) ACT 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce the Restoring Education and Learn-ing (REAL) Act, legislation that will curb our 
nation’s high incarceration rate through the av-enue of education. 
Joined by Reps. D
AVIS, L EE, S COTT , 
DELAURO and R ICHMOND , our legislation will 
reinstate Pell Grant eligibility to federal and state prisoners, which was allowed from 1972–1995. A provision in the 1994 omnibus 
crime bill amended the 1965 Higher Education Act and reversed this rehabilitating and well invested policy. 
Back then, 350 postsecondary prison pro-
grams in 37 states existed across the nation for incarcerated individuals. That ability to gain post-secondary education has been drastically reduced to about a dozen today. Subse-quently, our state and federal population has increased by nearly 50 percent from 1 million to 1.5 million today. 
According to a recent Vera Institute study, it 
costs American taxpayers roughly $31,000 a year to house an inmate. In my home state of Maryland, it costs taxpayers more than $38,000 a year to house an inmate. Overall, our nation spends roughly $40 billion a year on correctional facilities. 
This comes despite a recent report by the 
RAND Corporation, which found that for every $1 investment in prison education programs there is a $4–5 dollar reduction in incarcer-ation costs during the first three years post-re-lease of a prisoner. 
Earlier this month, I visited the Maryland 
Correctional Institution in Jessup as an ob-server of Goucher College’s Prison Education Partnership. I was inspired as I sat down with incarcerated men and women taking college courses and asking for the opportunity to bet-ter serve society once they are released. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to cosponsor this important and much needed piece of legislation. 
f 
SAVANNAH STAFFORD 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to recognize Ms. Savan-nah Stafford as a member of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2015. 
Savannah graduated from the U.S. Naval 
Academy with a degree in Oceanography, and her service assignment is Surface Warfare. She received a commission as an Ensign in the United States Navy on May 22, 2015. 
Her career in the service has just begun, 
but it is a testament to Savannah’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, al-though it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. 
The challenge for this young woman will be 
to retain as much as possible, pass on what she learns to others, and live life for every mo-ment. 
South Mississippi is proud of Savannah and 
her accomplishments, and we look forward to her continuing to represent not only Mis-sissippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Navy officer. 
As Savannah embarks on a new chapter in 
life, it is my hope that she may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment graduating from a program as pres-tigious as the Naval Academy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.017 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E777 May 21, 2015 
I would like to send Savannah my best 
wishes for continued success in her future en-deavors, thank her for her service, and con-gratulate her on this momentous occasion. 
f 
APPLAUDING MIKE WHITE FOR 
HIS BRAVE ACT OF HEROISM ON THE JOB 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mike White for the brave act of heroism he displayed while on the job this past No-vember of 2014. 
Mike works as a United States Postal Serv-
ice mail carrier in the Peoria, Illinois branch. 
This past November, Mike was going about 
his regular route when he noticed a woman on her front porch having a severe asthma attack. Mike tried to get her an inhaler and called 911 then did all he could to comfort the woman and care for her child while they waited for the ambulance to arrive. Thanks to his help, after a week of being hospitalized, the woman re-turned home in good health. 
On his next delivery to her home following 
the incident, the woman Mike aided ran over and gave him a hug, thanking him for all he had done to help her. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Mike White and 
his willingness to go beyond the line of duty to help an individual in need. I thank Mike again for his service to our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE 
OF GASTON FRANCIS PERIAT 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor my constituent, dear friend and extraor-dinary American, Gaston Francis Periat. Gas-ton was born in San Francisco, California on September 19, 1922, and died peacefully in Santa Cruz, California, on December 11, 2013, at the age of 91. 
Gaston was raised in San Mateo and grad-
uated from San Mateo High School. He worked in his family’s Chrysler-Plymouth- Dodge dealership, Periat & Sons, until World War II, when he entered the Army. Gaston was taught to speak French by his Swiss grandmother, and he spent much of the war in France where he acted as a liaison between the U.S. Army and French businesses. In Feb-ruary 1944, Gaston married Margaret (Peggy), and in 1946 the couple settled in San Mateo and began their family. 
In 1970, Gaston and Peggy moved to 
Pescadero where Gaston enjoyed riding the trails on his horse Yuckabuck. After selling the family business in San Mateo, the family moved to Gilroy, where Gaston bought Gavilan Chrysler-Plymouth-Dodge. Upon his retirement, he returned to Pescadero where he served on the Pescadero Municipal Advi-sory Committee. During his final years, Gaston lived in the retirement community of Domini-can Oaks in Santa Cruz. Gaston Periat was a golfer, a story teller, a 
member of the Elks Club, a Rotarian and a friend to an extraordinary number of people. He was helpful to all in need and had the abil-ity to make every person feel special. I was privileged to work with Gaston Periat during my time on the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors. He was unfailingly polite, con-cerned, professional and prepared, and we continued to work together during my tenure in Congress. He was a great and good man who made extensive contributions to our commu-nity and he will always be missed by those who had the good fortune to know him. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in extending our con-dolences to Gaston Periat’s wife of 69 years, Peggy, and to his daughter, Judy Periat; son Dan Periat and his wife, Andrea Periat; son Ken Periat and his wife, Kimberly Periat; daughter Janet Periat and her husband, Frank Higgins; granddaughter Adriana Goericke and her husband, Jan Goericke, and great-grand-daughter Mia Goericke; granddaughter Camile 
Steinmetz and her husband, Carl Steinmetz, and great-granddaughter Lola Steinmetz; granddaughters Renee Periat and Nadine Periat; grandson Aaron Periat and his wife, Kim Periat, and great-grandson Maximus Periat. 
May our tribute to Gaston, as well as our 
thoughts and prayers be a source of strength and comfort to his entire family. Our commu-nity and our country were made stronger and better by Gaston Periat. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT GENERAL 
CHARLES ‘CHICK’ CLEVELAND 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Lieutenant General Charles ‘Chick’ Cleveland, one of our country’s great fighter pilots, an American hero, and a community leader in Montgomery, Alabama. 
Lieutenant General Charles Cleveland was 
born in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1927 and was ap-pointed for service at the U.S. Military Acad-emy in West Point, New York. After graduating in 1949, he began his service in what was then the Army Air Corps, eventually transitioning into service with the U.S. Air Force and serving overseas during the Korean War. Later, Gen. Cleveland earned his mas-ter’s degree in political science from Xavier University in Cincinnati, and completed the ad-vanced management program at Harvard Uni-versity in 1969. 
In his more than 35 years of service, Gen-
eral Cleveland logged more than 4300 flying hours in military aircraft, including the F–86 Sabre. General Cleveland demonstrated a rarely-matched level of combat expertise, be-coming one of our country’s distinguished fighter aces. General Cleveland was credited with shooting down five enemy MiG–15 air-craft in Korea, officially earning the designa-tion as an ‘ace.’ 
General Cleveland went on to a distin-
guished career in the United States Air Force, holding several command positions including Commander of Air University at Maxwell Air Force Base in my hometown of Montgomery, Alabama. Yesterday, the Congress awarded General 
Cleveland and all of the American Fighter Aces with the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor bestowed by Congress. I was honored to host General Cleveland in my of-fice prior to the ceremony. My staff and I were privileged to spend time with this American hero and hear stories from his distinguished military service. 
But General Cleveland’s public service did 
not end with his retirement from military duty. 
Since his retirement, General Cleveland has 
continued to devote countless hours to efforts to better his community, state, and country. After making Montgomery his family’s home, he served as Director of the United Way, and led the Montgomery Area Food Bank. In 1989, he was chosen as Commissioner of the Ala-bama Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, serving through 1992. 
Most recently, his 17 years of service as the 
President of the Alabama World Affairs Coun-cil helped transform the institute into the larg-est organization of its kind in the South. 
The Alabama World Affairs Council is a fine 
organization which seeks to promote public awareness and understanding of international affairs as they relate to the political, economic, cultural, and military interests of the United States. The Alabama council is a member of the World Affairs Councils of America and is one of some 96 councils nationwide. Though General Cleveland is retiring from his position, he leaves an undeniable mark on the organi-zation and its members who have benefited from his service. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize 
Lieutenant General Cleveland—a distin-guished fighter pilot, a public servant, a com-munity leader, and an American hero. He has truly set an example for future generations of Americans to come, and it is my great honor to represent him here in Congress. 
f 
A TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE 
LIFE OF DAVID BRUCE GOLDBERG 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to David Bruce Goldberg, who was born in Minnesota on October 2, 1967, and died trag-ically at age 47, on May 1, 2015, in Mexico. I had the privilege of representing him as a constituent residing in Menlo Park, California. 
Dave graduated from the Blake School in 
Minneapolis and earned a BA degree, magna cum laude, from Harvard University. After graduating from college, Dave worked for Bain and Company and Capitol Records. In 1994, he founded Launch Media which was later ac-quired by Yahoo in 2001. In 2007 he joined Benchmark Capital, and in 2009, joined SurveyMonkey, where he was CEO at the time of his death. 
Dave Goldberg was a successful entre-
preneur, venture capitalist, and technology and music industry executive. He ran several online consumer businesses, and served as a director of many companies and organizations, but he was far more than the sum of his great professional success. Dave has been praised as warm, humble and kind, and described as a genius, a leader and a man of courage. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.020 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E778 May 21, 2015 
was a sports fan, was passionate about edu-
cation and children, and was lovingly de-scribed as a cross between a teddy bear and a tiger. 
I’ve had the pleasure and privilege to work 
with Dave’s wife, Sheryl Sandberg and the fol-lowing are her poignant words expressed on the day of his funeral. They speak volumes about the goodness and greatness of this ex-traordinary man: 
‘‘I want to thank all of our friends and 
family for the outpouring of love over the past few days. It has been extraordinary— and each story you have shared will help keep Dave alive in our hearts and memories. 
I met Dave nearly 20 years ago when I first 
moved to LA. He became my best friend. He showed me the internet for the first time, planned fun outings, took me to temple for the Jewish holidays, introduced me to much cooler music than I had ever heard.’’ 
‘‘We had 11 truly joyful years of the deep-
est love, happiest marriage, and truest part-nership that I could imagine . . . He gave me the experience of being deeply understood, truly supported and completely and utterly loved—and I will carry that with me always. Most importantly, he gave me the two most amazing children in the world.’’ 
‘‘Dave was my rock. When I got upset, he 
stayed calm. When I was worried, he said it would be ok. When I wasn’t sure what to do, he figured it out. He was completely dedi-cated to his children in every way—and their strength these past few days is the best sign I could have that Dave is still here with us in spirit.’’ 
‘‘Dave and I did not get nearly enough 
time together. But as heartbroken as I am today, I am equally grateful. Even in these last few days of completely unexpected hell—the darkest and saddest moments of my life—I know how lucky I have been. If the day I walked down that aisle with Dave someone had told me that this would hap-pen—that he would be taken from us all in just 11 years—I would still have walked down that aisle. Because 11 years of being Dave Goldberg’s wife, and 10 years of being a par-ent with him is perhaps more luck and more happiness than I could have ever imagined. I am grateful for every minute we had.’’ 
‘‘As we put the love of my life to rest 
today, we buried only his body. His spirit, his soul, his amazing ability to give is still with us. It lives on in the stories people are shar-ing of how he touched their lives, in the love that is visible in the eyes of our family and friends, in the spirit and resilience of our children. Things will never be the same—but the world is better for the years my beloved husband lived.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of 
Representatives to join me in extending our deepest condolences to Dave’s wife Sheryl Sandberg, to their children, his mother, brother and entire family and many friends. As Presi-dent Obama said in his message of condo-lence, ‘‘His skills as an entrepreneur created opportunity for many, his love for his family was a joy to behold, and his example as a husband and father was something we could all learn from. We’re heartbroken by him leav-ing us far too soon, but we celebrate a re-markable legacy.’’ 
Our community, our country and our world 
are stronger and better because of the life and work of Dave Goldberg. May this tribute and the thoughts and prayers of countless others be a source of comfort and strength to his be-loved Sheryl, their children and all the family. HONORING MAJOR GENERAL R. 
MARTIN UMBARGER 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
honor to recognize Major General R. Martin Umbarger and wish him well upon his retire-ment from the Indiana National Guard. Since his initial appointment on March 11, 2004, Major General Umbarger has undertaken great responsibility as Adjutant General of In-diana, commanding the Indiana Army and Air National Guard and the Indiana Guard Re-serve, as well as more than 15,800 state em-ployees. In recognition of his outstanding ac-complishments and distinguished career, a re-tirement reception in his honor will be held on Saturday, May 30, 2015, at JW Marriott in In-dianapolis, Indiana. 
Major General Umbarger began his remark-
able military career with the Indiana Army Na-tional Guard in 1969. Upon graduating from the Indiana Military Academy in June 1971, where he earned the Distinguished Graduate Erickson Trophy, Major General Umbarger was commissioned as a second lieutenant, in-fantry branch. Prior to his present position, he served as deputy commanding general for the reserve component, United States Forces Command. Other significant assignments in-clude the assistant division commander for training, 38th Infantry Division (Mechanized), and commanding general of the 76th Infantry Brigade (Separate). 
Major General Umbarger is also a graduate 
of the University of Evansville, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in busi-ness. He also completed studies at the United States Command and General Staff College, as well as the United States Army War Col-lege. 
A testament to his commitment to his duties, 
Major General Umbarger has been honored with many prestigious awards and accolades. He is the recipient of the Legion of Merit (2nd Award), the Meritorious Service Medal (Oak Leaf Cluster), the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Re-serve Components Achievement Medal (7th Award), the National Defense Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal (with one hourglass device), the Army Service Ribbon, the Army Reserve Components Service Rib-bon, the Army Reserve Components Overseas Training Ribbon, the Army Staff Identification Badge, the Indiana Long Service Medal, the Indiana Emergency Service Medal, and the In-diana Distinguished Service Medal (Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster). In 2007, Major General Umbarger was also presented the Distin-guished Alumnus Award from his alma mater, the University of Evansville. 
Major General Umbarger has also exhibited 
his extraordinary leadership abilities in serving as a member of the Reserve Forces Policy Board and the National Guard Association of the United States, which he chaired from 2006 until 2008. He has also served as a principal member of the Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee and is a member of the Associa-tion of the United States Army, Indiana Chap-ter. 
Major General Umbarger’s civilian achieve-
ments are no less noteworthy. He is president of Roy Umbarger and Sons, a fourth genera-
tion, family-owned and operated business lo-cated in central Indiana that provides custom services to the local agricultural community. In conjunction with his civilian career and pas-sion for his community, Major General Umbarger has participated on numerous boards within the community including the Johnson County Animal Shelter Advisory Board and the Indiana Feed and Grain Asso-ciation, for which he is a past director and chairman. He also currently serves on the Board of Trustees for both Johnson Memorial Hospital and Franklin College. 
Major General Umbarger’s exceptional mili-
tary and civilian career and passionate dedica-tion to his community are exceeded only by his devotion to his family. The General and his loving wife of many years, Rowana, have one son, Jackson, two daughters, Erica and Trista, and eight beautiful grandchildren. 
I have been privileged to work with Marty 
over these many years. He is a man of unsur-passed talent who is guided by a strong moral compass and a profound sense of duty. His work has enriched each of us and I am doubly fortunate because he is also my friend. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask that you and 
my other colleagues join me in honoring Major General R. Martin Umbarger for his out-standing contributions and unwavering dedica-tion to the State of Indiana. He has served the state with distinction, and for this he is to be commended. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to cast votes from May 18–May 21st due to a family commitment. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
against H.R. 2250, the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act. Republicans have chosen to fund the Department of Defense at higher funding levels at the expense of funding for other agencies already squeezed by strict se-questration rules. Although I support some of the provisions in this legislation, I oppose the manner with which Republicans have decided to prioritize spending for the country. 
I would have voted in favor of H.R. 2353, 
the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015. The strength and vitality of our na-tion’s infrastructure is critical to our economic competitiveness. The Highway Trust Fund pro-vides federal support for transportation projects on the state level in order to maintain a modern, efficient, and reliable transportation infrastructure. These projects also support local job creation and economic development. However, I am extremely dismayed that H.R. 2353 only extends authorization for the High-way Trust Fund for two months and does not address long term funding challenges. Con-gress must pass a bipartisan, long-term fund-ing solution for the Highway Trust Fund. 
I would have voted against H.R. 1806, the 
America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. Since its enactment, the America COMPETES Act has bolstered our nation’s science and en-ergy competitiveness through increased in-vestment in research and development and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.015 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E779 May 21, 2015 
STEM education. Unfortunately, instead of 
simply reauthorizing this bipartisan program, this bill undermines critical investments in science, technology, and research. 
I would have voted against H.R. 880, the 
American Research and Competitiveness Act. While I am a strong supporter of making the Research and Development tax credit perma-nent, I do not support this legislation because this unpaid-for tax measure would add an esti-mated $181.6 billion to the deficit over 10 years. 
I would have voted against H.R. 2262, the 
SPACE Act of 2015. While I support the de-velopment of the commercial space industry, this legislation does not strike the appropriate balance between the needs of the industry and overall safety of the programs for the gen-eral public and future customers. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF CAPTAIN JOHN J. LEVULIS 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and service of Captain John J. Levulis. Captain Levulis proudly served our nation since 2012 in the U.S. Army, including one tour in Afghanistan. Nicknamed by his fel-low soldiers as ‘‘Captain America,’’ Captain Levulis epitomized the leadership, courage, and nobility of a true American hero. 
Captain Levulis was commissioned into the 
U.S. Army as a second lieutenant in 2012, fol-lowing his graduation from the Niagara Univer-sity ROTC program. He completed the Infantry Basic Officer course at Fort Benning, Georgia. Following basic training, Captain Levulis was reassigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment at Fort Drum in New York, where he served as a heavy weapons platoon leader. He was deployed to Afghanistan in May of 2013 as a platoon leader and returned in 2014. After returning from Afghanistan, Cap-tain Levilus was again stationed at Fort Drum. 
Captain Levilus received numerous awards 
including the Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Unit Commendation, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Over-seas Service Medal, NATO Meritorious Serv-ice Medal, Combat Infantry Badge, and the Parachutist Badge. 
On May 1st, Captain Levilus tragically lost 
his life in a motor vehicle accident while on duty in New Jersey. He leaves behind his lov-ing wife, Julianne, mother, Barbara, father, Gary, and younger brother, James. My condo-lences go out to Captain Levilus’ entire family and friends. New York State and our nation has lost a valiant soldier, honorable citizen, and first-rate man in Captain John J. Levulis. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF SERGEANT 
WILLIE C. JONES 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor my constituent, Staff Sergeant Willie C. Jones of the U.S. Army Re-
serves, who was awarded the Purple Heart for his sacrifice for our country. 
After being born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
and growing up in Hawaii, Staff Sergeant Jones entered the Army in February 1994. He served in combat arms units on active duty for seven years before transferring to the Army Reserves. His first assignment in the Army Reserves was in the 100th Battalion, 442nd Infantry Regiment, the only infantry unit in the Army Reserves. 
Staff Sergeant Jones served in support of 
Operation Iraqi Freedom from November 2008 to August 2009. In October 2012, he deployed to FOB Ghazni in Afghanistan as a Combat Sustainment Support Battalion Liaison NCO. 
While serving at FOB Ghazni, Staff Ser-
geant Jones sustained significant injuries as a result of explosions due to enemy fire on June 18, 2013. 
In addition to the Purple Heart, Staff Ser-
geant Jones has received the Combat Action Badge, 6 Army Commendation Medals, 7 Good Conduct Medals, 2 NATO Medals, 8 Overseas Bars, Iraq and Afghanistan Cam-paign Medals, the Gold Recruiter Badge with three sapphires, and the Army Recruiting Ring. 
Staff Sergeant Jones currently resides in 
Decatur, Illinois, and works as a Movements Supervisor with the 236th Inland Cargo Trans-fer Company. I’m proud to honor him for re-ceiving the Purple Heart, and am humbled by his bravery, service and sacrifice for our na-tion. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL MOLDOVA CAU-
CUS STATEMENT ON THE RIGA SUMMIT 
HON. JOSEPH R. PITTS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my-
self, the Honorable D AVID E. P RICE, and the 
Congressional Moldova Caucus, the Republic of Moldova is a friend of the United States of America, and a partner country of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Like Ukraine and Georgia, Moldova is part of a strategically sig-nificant segment of Eastern Europe that looks toward Europe for a promising and prosperous future. 
The full integration of Moldova into the Eu-
ropean Union is also in the strategic interest of the United States. As has been the case with other Eastern European nations that fully inte-grated into the European Union, integration will help Moldova develop new economic op-portunities and contribute to the overall secu-rity and stability of the region. 
The Republic of Moldova signed an Asso-
ciation Agreement with the European Union in 2014 and is currently implementing its ambi-tious Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA). Moldova also reached a visa liberalization agreement with the EU. 
As the EU Summit in Riga convenes, we 
call on our allies in Europe to fully engage the Republic of Moldova and to chart out its bid for accession into the Union under the terms of the Lisbon Treaty. A failure to fully recog-nize the aspirations and legal rights of the Re-public of Moldova in its application only stands to promote the false narrative that Moldova, 
along with Ukraine and Georgia, falls into an ‘exclusive sphere of Russian interests in Eu-rope’, and runs counter to the democratic val-ues of the United States and Europe. 
Congress and the Obama Administration 
should continue to support the Republic of Moldova in its statecraft, economic and secu-rity capabilities. Progress demonstrated by the Republic of Moldova on a sustained path to-wards Western integration should be recog-nized. For example, despite Moldova’s enter-ing into an Association Agreement with the European Union, the Russian Federation con-tinues to ban imports of Moldovan products, exert pressure on the Moldovan people, and disseminate propaganda to the Moldovan peo-ple. The Russian Federation continues to maintain a substantial military presence in Transnistria, in violation the Russian Federa-tion’s commitments at the Istanbul Summit. The Russian Federation continues to use this military presence—along with its fuel exports and intelligence assets within Moldovan terri-tory—to continually destabilize the region. 
Smaller and more fragile states across the 
globe face increasing pressure, destabilization and aggression from larger, totalitarian gov-ernments. These states are susceptible to fall-ing into ‘regional spheres of influence’ without sustained, consolidated efforts of support by the world’s democracies. Last Congress, the House and Senate both passed resolutions calling on the Obama Administration to sup-port the Republic of Moldova’s capabilities in reforming its judicial sector, fighting corruption, and reforming economic markets. In addition to continuing in these important reforms, we urge the Obama Administration to work in bi-lateral and multilateral forums to monitor human rights abuses in the region and help advance U.S. investment in Moldova’s energy markets to lessen its dependence on Russian sources. We are struck by the Moldovan peo-ple’s demonstrated commitments to free mar-kets, democracy, and the rule of law. The United States must continue to serve as a leader in the community of Western nations by supporting the people of Moldova in their com-mitment toward integration. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING SUMMER MEAL 
PARTNERS INAUGURAL EVENT ON MAY 30, 2015 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
bring much-needed attention to summer meal programs for food insecure families. A new collaboration of community organizations in Lucas County, Ohio called Summer Meal Part-ners is working to raise awareness and in-crease participation in summer meal programs in that county. This group can be a model for similar collaborative efforts supporting under- served communities around the country. Sum-mer Meal Partners will hold their official kickoff event on May 30th of this year. 
Today in Lucas County just eight percent of 
the 54,135 children that are eligible for free or reduced price school meals participate in readily-available summer meal support. This support could make a real difference in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.017 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E780 May 21, 2015 
lives of tens of thousands more families but a 
lack of awareness, transportation and enrich-ment programming have limited participation. 
Families without reliable access to sufficient 
affordable nutritious food face increased health, mental and behavioral issues. 
Hunger undermines a child’s ability to learn. 
Malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies also put children at risk for serious and permanent problems with attention, cognition and behav-ior. They undermine natural growth and devel-opment and lead to compromised immune systems. 
With most primary school students on 
break, the summer can be a challenging time for working parents. Relief is available in the form of summer meals but only a small frac-tion of eligible families take advantage of this important initiative. 
I congratulate Summer Meal Partners for 
their important work and for their upcoming kickoff on May 30, 2015. 
f 
HONORING DR. ALLEN CHAN 
HON. SCOTT H. PETERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, every May we 
celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, a time to commemorate the significant contributions of the AAPI communities to our country. 
This year, I am honored to recognize one of 
San Diego’s community leaders, Dr. Allen Chan. 
Dr. Chan was born in Hong Kong, and im-
migrated to the United States more than 40 years ago. 
He was a charter president of the San 
Diego United Lions Club, is an accomplished chiropractor, and is the owner of the renowned local institution Jasmine Seafood Restaurant, which has served as a cultural heart in San Diego’s Asian American community. 
Dr. Chan was recently awarded the pres-
tigious, and highly selective, Ellis Island Medal of Honor for his legacy of community service centered around preserving history, traditions, and values, and paying homage to the immi-grant experience as an integral part of Amer-ican culture. 
I want to congratulate Dr. Chan, and thank 
him for his leadership in the AAPI community and for helping make San Diego a better place to live. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE SARCOXIE 
ARCHERY TEAMS ON THEIR STATE AND NATIONAL TITLES 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate the Sarcoxie High School Archery Team on another Missouri state champion-ship. This victory marks the Bears’ third straight state title. 
The Bears competed against 88 other 
schools from across Missouri with nearly 1,400 contestants. The team took the high school division title with a total of 3,367 points. 
Sarcoxie’s archery program also added to their success this year with the middle school team placing 3rd in the middle school division. Sarcoxie competed against schools of all sizes, from the tiny and rural to the massive and urban. This small southwest Missouri school has proven again that size does not matter when it comes to talent, dedication and perseverance. 
Individually, Sarcoxie’s Zane White took 
second place in the state high school division with 293 points and Gavin Currey finished a close fourth with 290 points. Annika Johnson, Jordyn Kirby and Elizabeth Workman all fin-ished in the top 15, further helping shoot Sarcoxie to first place. 
Coaches Kaycia and David Woolsey de-
serve praise for successfully aiming the team toward their bullseye—a first place finish. Much effort goes into teaching skills to go the distance. That shows especially this year, as many on the Sarcoxie team were first-year competing archers. Only five were on the pre-vious championship team. 
In addition, Sarcoxie had their first national 
archery champion this year at the National NASP IBO 3D Challenge. Fifth grader, Max Wangler was the national champion from among 483 elementary boys. Max’s team-mate, Drake Acheson, placed third. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating the Sarcoxie High School Archery Team on a job well done. I look forward to seeing their continued success. 
f 
HONORING LIBRARIAN DIANE 
CHRISTIAN OF AURORA, ILLINOIS 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of Diane Christian as she prepares for retirement after more than 40 years of service to the Aurora Public Library in Aurora, Illinois. 
Diane Christian is a cherished figure in the 
City of Aurora, who has fostered a love of books and learning for many generations of young people. Starting as a part-time librarian in 1974, Diane later became the library’s Chil-dren’s Department Coordinator where she has played a critical role in the intellectual devel-opment of children throughout the community. In 2002, Diane launched the Welcome to America program that offers family literacy services to refugees from around the world and has served over 850 parents and children. 
Diane is also an active volunteer in our 
community; she currently is a member of the Child Welfare Society and the Aurora Town-ship Youth Commission. During her retire-ment, Diane intends to continue volunteering for the Aurora Public Library and helping with the transition to its new location. 
I would like to thank Diane for her decades 
of commitment to the Aurora Public Library and wish her the best in her retirement. HONORING LEO FINNEGAN 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a champion and leader from the State of Washington, Leo Finnegan. 
Whether it’s serving on community advisory 
boards, helping a parent navigate bureaucratic difficulties or organizing recreational activities for those with special needs, Leo Finnegan has been, and will continue to be, a deliberate and enthusiastic voice for the developmental disability community. 
Leo and his wife Rose first moved to Wash-
ington State in 1975 with their five children, one of whom has special needs, Tim. When his son was unable to participate in Soap Box Derby Races with his other children, Leo took it upon himself to construct a two passenger car so the entire family could share in the fun together. This act sparked an idea to organize races for other children with special needs. He now organizes and oversees races every sum-mer throughout Washington State in Issaquah, Sammamish, Snoqualmie, Richland, Spokane, and Oak Harbor. My godson Kyle and I were able to participate in one race several years ago, which is one of the many times I’ve had the opportunity to see firsthand Leo’s work in our community. Leo also coaches the Special Olympics Basketball team in Washington. Through his work, Leo has touched thousands of lives, giving individuals with special needs recreational opportunities that enrich lives and strengthen families. 
Mr. Speaker, Leo’s actions embody the 
heart of a servant. I thank Leo for his pas-sionate commitment to serving those with spe-cial needs. 
f 
AMERICA COMPETES 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competi-tiveness of the United States, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, in 2007, fol-
lowing reports that the United States could lose its competitive edge in the global econ-omy, Congress came together on a bipartisan basis to boost federal research, spur American innovation, and maintain our strength in sci-entific and technological discovery. We reau-thorized that bill, again on a bipartisan basis, in 2010. 
Unfortunately, today we have a bill on the 
floor that abandons those bipartisan efforts, shortchanges critical research, and unaccept-ably interferes in decision-making at our sci-entific institutions. It makes particularly egre-gious cuts to climate change research and ef-forts to develop new energy efficiency and re-
newable energy technologies for a cleaner en-ergy future. Climate change is real and we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.023 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E781 May 21, 2015 
already seeing its impacts across the country. 
But it also provides economic opportunity, if we invest in R&D to develop new renewable sources and efficiency technologies. This bill would jeopardize American innovation in this critical area. 
Today’s bill also meddles in decision-making 
at our federal research institutions, decreasing funding at certain directorates at the National Science Foundation and imposing new re-quirements in the grant-making process. Our science agencies have a robust review proc-ess in place to fund the most critical research. Politics should have no part in that process. 
Unlike earlier America COMPETES bills that 
were built on broad consensus, HR 1806 is opposed by the vast majority of our nation’s scientific community. I urge my colleagues to listen to these scientists and bring forward a bill that invests in American innovation and supports the cutting-edge research necessary to maintain our leadership in the world. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE OF 
NEPAL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after the 
massive earthquake shook Nepal, Eric Jean and Della Hoffman were stranded on a remote trail with a group of other backpackers. Friends of theirs from their time in college at Rice University, which is in my district, con-tacted my office for help. We worked with the State Department to set them free. Five days after the earthquake, Special Forces came to the village and rescued them. 
Ms. Hoffman would later recall, ‘‘I don’t think 
we even knew what was happening until some of the villagers ran out of the hut and then, im-mediately after that, the boulders just started coming down from both sides of the canyon, including into the village and on top of the houses.’’ 
Six U.S. Marines and two Nepalese soldiers 
sacrificed their lives attempting to save others just like Eric and Della when their helicopter crashed. 
I stand with my colleagues in support of 
House Resolution 235, and urge the adminis-tration to work with the Nepal government and the international community to deliver aid quickly, easily, and with long-term rebuilding in mind. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING BUENA VISTA 
WINERY’S WINE TOOL MUSEUM 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Buena Vista Winery on the occasion of the opening of their new, first-of-its-kind Wine Tool Museum. The oldest premium winery in the United States, Buena Vista has been in operation since 1857 when a Hungarian immigrant, Count Agoston Haraszthy, established the vineyards and built the winery. Over the intervening years, the 
winery has had a colorful history, passing through many hands before ultimately being purchased by Jean-Charles Boisset in 2011. Boisset immediately hatched a plan to turn the property around that eventually culminated in the creation of the Wine Tool Museum, which officially opened to the public on March 24, 2015. 
The Boisset family already had an impres-
sive wine tool collection when Jean-Charles’s sister encountered a man in Burgundy looking for a buyer for his enormous thirty thousand item collection of wine tools. With the com-bination of Boisset family implements and the new acquisitions, the Museum’s collection en-compasses items as diverse as antique plows and blades, secateurs, and wine harvest bas-kets. 
Along with its impressive collection of tools, 
the Museum guides visitors through history with an educational film that traces winemaking in the region from the early days of Haraszthy through the plague of phylloxera. The first of its kind museum tells the story of California’s wine community. People will not only be able see, but also learn about, the tools that brought wine from the vine to the bottle a century and a half ago. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
honor Buena Vista Winery at this time. Its commitment to not only preserving viticultural history, but demonstrating the evolution of the profession, will help increase awareness and appreciation for California and Sonoma’s long history of winemaking. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
DEPUTY SHERIFF JOSE ALVA-RADO 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of Jose ´‘‘Joey’’ Alvarado 
to the community of Wayne County, New York. Deputy Sheriff Alvarado has given 30 years of dedicated service to the Wayne County Sheriff’s Office. In his role as Deputy Sheriff, he has played an essential role in safeguarding the rights and freedoms of the residents of his county. 
Throughout his 30 years of service to the 
Wayne County Sheriff’s Office, Deputy Sheriff Joey Alvarado has consistently performed with professionalism and dedication, working to-wards the goal of making his community a safer place. 
Since 1985, Deputy Sheriff Joey Alvarado 
has served as a Jailor/Dispatcher, Correction Officer, and Deputy Sheriff. During his tenure as Deputy Sheriff, he was also assigned to the Sheriff’s Office Special Investigation Unit. He has made an outstanding contribution through his career as Deputy Sheriff to the quality of life for all Wayne County residents. 
I commend Deputy Sheriff Alvarado’s sac-
rifice and contribution to the Wayne County community and wish him the very best in his retirement. HONORING PENNSYLVANIA CYSTIC 
FIBROSIS, INC. (PACFI) 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
order to congratulate Pennsylvania Cystic Fi-brosis, Inc. (PACFI) for 30 years of work in raising Cystic Fibrosis awareness and funding Cystic Fibrosis research efforts. PACFI is an independent, non-profit, all volunteer organiza-tion that provides crucial services and much needed support for Pennsylvania families af-fected by Cystic Fibrosis. 
PACFI was founded on October 2, 1985. 
The PACFI organization is unique in that they do not have a paid staff and operate solely with volunteers. This allows PACFI to use 100% of donations they receive to provide benefits for Pennsylvania families such as paying for emergency and other medical ex-penses. 
PACFI also works to fund Cystic Fibrosis re-
search around the country. To date, they have raised more than $565,000 for institutions and universities that are on the leading edge of Cystic Fibrosis research. These donations are helping to discover better treatment options and will hopefully lead to a cure. 
PACFI is doing excellent work in Pennsyl-
vania on one of the most common and fatal genetic diseases. Cystic Fibrosis affects ap-proximately 1 in 2000 people and their life ex-pectancy is only 35 years. I commend PACFI for doing great work in the field of Cystic Fi-brosis research and supporting families that need assistance with the costs of Cystic Fibro-sis treatment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SOFIA VIC-
TORIA DE LA PENA ON FOUNDING 
THE FIT KIDS DAY NON–PROFIT 
HON. MARIO DIAZ–BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Sofia Victoria de la Pena on her work founding Fit Kids Day, and estab-lishing the group in the South Florida commu-nity. 
Sofia Victoria was a ninth grader at 
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart in Coco-nut Grove, FL when she recognized an in-creased need for health programs for children. She wanted to add to the work being done to combat childhood obesity, and came up with a plan. Her idea was an entire day focused on fitness, which became known as Fit Kids Day. 
To get the event started, Sofia Victoria 
reached out to leading students at other schools to be ambassadors for the program. The students walked throughout their neigh-borhoods, to spread awareness for the event and attract community support. Local busi-nesses chipped in to help with the first event, providing services and food to the participants, which were offered free of charge. Since the first Fit Kids Day, the program has expanded, and multiple cities have organized their own events. In these cities, mayors or city man-agers organize a day of activities that are pop-ular in their area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.028 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E782 May 21, 2015 
Fit Kids Day caught on as an event, and is 
now a nonprofit organization. The Presidential Fitness Counsel has since talked to Sofia Vic-toria about using the Fit Kids Day model for their organization. The event was created by kids, for kids, and offers many leadership op-portunities. In addition, the program has helped introduce fitness ideas and plans to less fortunate communities. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate 
Sofia Victoria de la Pena on her accomplish-ment, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing her outstanding achievement. It is an honor to know a family that continues to work hard to improve their community every day. 
f 
HONORING DAVIESS COUNTY, KY, 
ON CELEBRATING ITS BICENTEN-NIAL 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Daviess County, Kentucky, on celebrating its bicentennial. 
Daviess County came into its existence on 
June 1, 1815, through an Act of the Kentucky General Assembly. But on May 30, 2015, Daviess County will begin to celebrate its 200th birthday. 
Daviess County lies in the Western Ken-
tucky Coalfield region and is also an oil pro-ducer. Bounded by the Ohio River, it serves as an important trade and transportation ar-tery—making it a major manufacturing center, transportation hub and U.S. Customs Port of Entry on the Ohio River. It is also a leader in health care, medical research and pharma-ceutical experimentation. 
The keystone celebration, on May 30th, in-
cludes an early morning 5 k run/walk at the Mount Saint Joseph Motherhouse of the Ursu-line Sisters. Activities for people of all ages will take place around the Courthouse Square, and the day will end with a reception and the opening of a special Bicentennial Art Exhibit at the Owensboro Museum of Fine Art. 
Other activities will include honoring African 
Americans from Daviess County who served in the Union Army during the Civil War with the dedication of an historic highway marker on the Courthouse lawn. There will also be a series of Bicentennial-related programs at the Daviess County Public Library throughout the summer. 
A new history of Daviess County, Kentucky, 
Celebrating Our Heritage, has been published and highlights many aspects of daily life in the county. Among these topics is Daviess Coun-ty’s rich history in the agriculture industry—cit-ing corn, soybean and tobacco producers. 
Daviess County is the home to some of 
Kentucky’s great colleges and universities, in-cluding: Brescia University, Kentucky Wes-leyan College, a campus of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System and a branch of Western Kentucky University. 
It is important to also highlight the leader-
ship in Daviess County and all their efforts to make this a successful and thriving commu-nity. Thank you for making Daviess County what it is today. 
I encourage everyone in Kentucky’s Second 
District to join in the festivities to celebrate the rich history and traditions of Daviess County. 
I congratulate all who live and serve the coun-ty and look forward to taking part in some of these celebrations myself. Here’s to many more years of success. 
f 
ADVANCING RESEARCH FOR 
HYDROCEPHALUS PATIENTS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to call attention to legislation I intro-duced last week, the Advancing Research for Hydrocephalus Act, and urge my colleagues to cosponsor this important bill. My new legisla-tion—which is supported by the national Hy-drocephalus Association—will facilitate better research into this devastating condition by re-quiring the collection of demographic informa-tion on the hydrocephalus community. 
Hydrocephalus, which is defined as an ab-
normal accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) within cavities in the brain, can cause brain damage, vision issues, and extreme pain for those affected. 
One of those affected, Adrienne D’Oria, a 
22 year old from my Congressional District, has suffered from hydrocephalus since she was 10 months old. In addition to the excru-ciating pain, complications from shunt mal-functions, dozens of brain surgeries and hun-dreds of hospital visits have essentially elimi-nated any chance of a normal childhood. Hy-drocephalus continues to limit her options for the future: 
All of my friends, everyone I went to 
school with is graduating and starting the next stage in their life. I can’t do that,’’ she said recently. ‘‘I had to withdraw from so many classes because of hospital admissions and all the surgeries. Even though I’ve been out of high school for four years I only have the credits of a freshman. My friends are graduating and I’m stuck in limbo. I can’t control it. 
Unfortunately for Adrienne and thousands 
like her, the most common treatment for hy-drocephalus remains a surgically-inserted shunt. Shunts drain the fluid from the brain through the neck and into other parts of the body. They frequently become blocked, mal-function, or cause infection. In almost half of all cases in children, the shunt fails within the first two years. When they do, patients must immediately locate a medical facility and a neurosurgeon who can correct the problem. This precarious situation is a constant source of fear for those who suffer from hydro-cephalus and their families. In fact, hydro-cephalus is the most common reason for brain surgery in children. 
The scientific and medical communities not 
only have very few resources that can help them in understanding this condition, they are not even aware of the true impact of this dis-order. Without better data and research, they cannot develop more effective treatments. 
Mr. Speaker, there are some estimates that 
this condition affects roughly one million Amer-icans. Yet given that hydrocephalus can occur either congenitally or be acquired, oftentimes through infection or traumatic brain injury, re-porting of hydrocephalus has been incon-sistent. Currently no mechanism exists to identify and track persons with hydrocephalus 
who develop the condition after birth. As a re-sult, we do not have a good grasp on the de-mographics of hydrocephalus patients. 
My bill provides a remedy. The Advancing 
Research for Hydrocephalus Act will establish a National Hydrocephalus Surveillance System (NHSS) to collect information on the incidence and prevalence of hydrocephalus among a range of demographics, including changes in epidemiology over time. This surveillance sys-tem would provide a wealth of data for re-searchers. Better surveillance will facilitate better research and lead to better outcomes, treatment and care for the infants, children, and adults experiencing the agonizing pain of hydrocephalus. 
So I urge my colleagues to support my leg-
islation to help provide assistance and raise the quality of life for individuals, like Adrienne, who are suffering from this condition. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EAST HAR-
LEM COUNCIL FOR HUMAN SERV-ICES, CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker I rise today to 
give recognition to the East Harlem Council for Human Services, which is celebrating 50 years of serving the local community. The work done by the Council has been vital to our community and has changed the lives of so many for decades. Groups like the Council and institutions like the Boriken Care Center are worth fighting for, and I will continue to make sure there are adequate resources available for them to continue to thrive and serve their community. 
I am proud to honor the East Harlem Coun-
cil for Human Services which was incor-porated in 1965 though grass-roots efforts of local East Harlem residents committed to ad-dressing unmet needs in their community. The Council is a multi-service not-for-profit which coordinates an array of affordable and no cost services to more than 10,000 individuals each year without regard for an individual’s ability to pay for services. The Board of Directors and more than almost 200 staff members are united in a commitment to the Council’s mis-sion of providing the highest quality of com-prehensive, community-based, fully bilingual services to the East Harlem community. 
The Council is the largest grass-roots, multi- 
service not-for-profit in our East Harlem com-munity. By continuing its strong history of di-verse community-based leadership, and com-mitment to the self-determination of this insti-tution and the East Harlem community at large, the Council has positioned itself for con-tinued growth. The Council continuously re-news its commitment to the residents of El Barrio to ensure that the Boriken Neighbor-hood Health Center and its sister programs will continue to provide affordable quality com-prehensive services in East Harlem for many more decades. 
There’s no finer work than fighting to bring 
health and essential wellness to those strug-gling to make ends meet in underserved com-munities. Everyone deserves access to quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.021 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E783 May 21, 2015 
care within their community and we are proud 
to have the East Harlem Council for Human Services serving us. 
f 
CONGRATULATING REV. DR. MI-
CHAEL L. PFLEGER ON HIS 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PRIEST-HOOD 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to express my congratulations to Rev. Dr. Michael Louis Pfleger, the Senior Pastor at Saint Sabina Church in Chicago on his 40th Anniversary of the priesthood. I am sincerely thankful for the forty years of his de-votion to community service and endless effort in fighting social injustice. 
Michael Louis Pfleger was ordained a 
Catholic Priest for the Roman Catholic Arch-diocese of Chicago on May 14, 1975 and since 1981 has been Pastor of the mostly Afri-can American Parish of Saint Sabina, a Catholic church in Chicago’s Auburn Gresham Neighborhood. His uninterrupted tenure in just one neighborhood is normally unheard of in a diocese where Pastors usually serve for only six to twelve years. When he was appointed to his present position, at the age of 31, he be-came the youngest Pastor in Chicago Arch-diocese. Under Pfleger’s leadership, Saint Sabina has established an outstanding social service program including job programs, con-flict resolution, Employment Resource Center, a Social Service Center, and also an elder home. 
Father Pfleger has adopted three sons, and 
led efforts to curb drug and alcohol use, espe-cially among teenagers. He has led protests of all kind, encourages people to register and vote, take positions on all kind of controversial issues, always on the side of the people. He has fought against the proliferation of hand guns and hold regular lecture series at Saint Sabina featuring individuals like Reverend Jesse Jackson, Reverend Al Sharpton, Rev-erend Jeremiah Wright, Dick Gregory, Minister Louis Farrakhan, Reverend Joseph Lowery, Harry Belafonte and others. He has called out disrespectful rappers, embraced salvation for prostitutes, defied the Cardinal and pushed for the Ordination of women as Priests. Michael Louis Pfleger, a man among men, a Priest among Priests, a force for good, a friend to humanity, my brother and a Servant of God. 
f 
ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, May is Asthma 
Awareness Month. As co-chair of the Con-gressional Asthma and Allergy Caucus and a senior member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce’s Health Sub-committee, I want to take this opportunity to bring attention to asthma’s prevalence in the United States, as well as what must be done to control its growth. Asthma is one of the most serious chronic 
diseases in the U.S., affecting almost 26 mil-lion Americans and nearly 7 million children. It can cause shortness of breath, coughing, wheezing, chest pain, and even death. 
In my home state of New York, asthma 
takes a particularly heavy toll—especially in my hometown of the Bronx. About 390,000 children and 1.4 million adults in New York have asthma. The total cost of asthma-related hospitalizations in New York in 2007 was a staggering $535 million. The Bronx, where I was born and raised and am proud to rep-resent part of, has one of the highest rates of asthma-related emergency room visits in all of New York. 
These statistics are even more alarming 
when looking specifically at minority and low- income populations. Children from poor households are twice as likely as their more affluent peers to be diagnosed with asthma. In addition, asthma rates among African Amer-ican children increased by 50 percent between 2001 and 2009. 
Asthma’s prevalence costs children and 
adults dearly with regard to quality of life. However, it carries an economic cost as well. The direct medical costs of asthma treatment, coupled with absences from work and school, result in losses of more than $56 billion annu-ally Children additionally suffer academically, as asthma causes about 14 million student ab-sences each year. 
While asthma can be treated and managed, 
it is too often not managed properly. Asthma sufferers require regular check-ups, asthma management plans, and access to both main-tenance and fast acting inhalers. People with persistent asthma must be tested for allergies so they can learn what triggers might cause an asthma attack. Furthermore, environmental triggers in homes and schools, such as mold, dust, animal dander, pests, toxic chemicals, and excessive moisture must be eliminated. 
Congress must also work to reduce asthma 
rates. A little over five years ago, Congress passed and President Obama signed into law the Affordable Care Act, which prohibited in-surance companies from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions, like asth-ma. While this was a terrific stride, more ef-forts are needed here in Washington. 
I have been a strong supporter of the Cen-
ters for Disease Control’s National Asthma Control Program, which helps states imple-ment systems to monitor and treat asthma. This Program’s work has resulted in a $23.1 billion decline in asthma health care costs since 2001. In addition, deaths related to asth-ma have dropped by 24 percent since the Pro-gram’s inception in 1999. Earlier this year, I wrote a letter asking appropriators to fund the National Asthma Control Program at $30.6 million in Fiscal Year 2016. 
While financial support for this Program is 
vital, we cannot rely on funding alone to solve the problems that asthma causes. We must continue to increase awareness of preventa-tive measures to help people manage their disease. In addition, we must work collabo-ratively across sectors to address the burden that asthma creates. 
I look forward to continuing to work to en-
sure that adults and children across the United States can live healthier and more successful lives. CHRISTOPHER BOULANGER 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Chris-topher Boulanger as a member of the United States Air Force Academy Class of 2015. 
Christopher will graduate from the U.S. Air 
Force Academy as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force on May 28, 2015. 
His career in the service has just begun, but 
it is a testament to Christopher’s unselfish de-votion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, al-though it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. 
The challenge for this young man will be to 
retain as much as possible, pass on what he learns to others, and live life for every mo-ment. 
South Mississippi is proud of Christopher 
and his accomplishments, and we look for-ward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Air Force officer. 
As Christopher embarks on a new chapter 
in life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment graduating from a program as pres-tigious as the Air Force Academy. 
I would like to send Christopher my best 
wishes for continued success in his future en-
deavors, thank him for his service, and con-gratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE SACRIFICES 
OF THE FALLEN HEROES ON ME-MORIAL DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remember all those brave and heroic men and women of the Armed Forces who gave the last full measure of devotion in de-fense of our country. 
Each May, veteran and service organiza-
tions come together to hold events around the country to demonstrate their gratitude to cur-rent and former men and women in uniform and their families for their service to our coun-try. 
The month of May is a time when a grateful 
nation acknowledges and affirms the debt owed to those brave men and women who risked their lives to preserve the freedoms we too often take for granted. 
It is important that we recognize and cele-
brate the tremendous role military personnel have played across the globe. 
Texas is home to more than 130,000 active 
military personnel and more than 1,600,000 veterans, 30,000 of which are from the 18th Congressional District of Texas. 
It has been an honor to represent these 
constituents and I am extremely proud of their service. 
As we acknowledge our former, current and 
future military men and women, it is essential that we provide them with the resources nec-essary to help wounded warriors, veterans, and their families’ transition to civilian life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.031 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E784 May 21, 2015 
That is why I was proud to cosponsor and 
help shepherd to passage H.R. 1344, Helping Heroes Fly Act, that was signed into law in 2013 and which facilitates expedited pas-senger screening at airports for service mem-bers who are severely injured or disabled, along with their families. 
I also introduced H.R. 76, the ‘‘Helping to 
Encourage Real Opportunity for Veterans Transitioning from Battlespace to Workplace Act of 2015,’’ which provides strong incentives for employers to hire, retain, and employ vet-erans in positions that take maximum advan-tage of their skills and experience. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing I recognize by the 
name the 53 brave men and women from my home city of Houston, who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and gave the last full measure of devotion to their country. 
They are: Krystal Fitts, Jorge Luis 
Velasquez, Cody Norris, Jacob Molina, Pedro Maldonado, Edwardo Loredo, Matthew Catlett, Zarian Wood, Andrew Roughton, Edgar Heredia, Joshua Molina, Steven Candelo, Scott McIntosh, Orlando Perez, Jeremy Ray, Benjamin Garrison, Rodney Johnson, Matthew Medlicott, Alan Austin, William Edwards, Eric Salinas, Danny Soto, Roy Jones, Terrence Dunn, Hector Leija, David Fraser, Benjamin Rosales, Kenneth Pugh, Alberto Sanchez, Walter Moss, Michael Robertson, Howard Babcock, Timothy Roark, Ivica Jerak, Phillip George, Keith Mariotti, Clinton Gertson, Dexter Kimble, Jesus Leon-Perez, Thomas Zapp, Eric Allton, Andrew Houghton, Juan Torres, Pedro Contreras, Adolfo Carballo, Scott Larson, Leroy Sandoval, Armando Soriano, Keelan Moss, A. Esparza-Gutierrez, Tomas Sotelo, Brian Matthew Kennedy, and Brian Craig. 
God bless them. And may God bless the 
United States. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR 
MORRIS SHEPHERD 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a remarkable individual for his dedi-cation to the State of Texas. I would like to congratulate and thank Major Morris Shepherd for his hard work and his passion for service. I would also like to applaud his retirement. 
Major Shepherd has diligently served as 
Deputy Director for the Dallas Independent School District’s Office of the Director of Army Instruction. His commitment spans many years, beginning with his commission as an Infantry Officer in 1974 from Prairie View A&M University. His service record reflects the hard work, resolve, and passion that he continues to embody and practice to this day. 
Since his initial commission, Major Shep-
herd has progressed through the ranks. Fol-lowing his graduation as an Airborne Ranger and a Distinguished Military Graduate he at-tended the United States Infantry Basic Offi-cer’s Course at Ft. Benning Georgia. He first served in the 1st Cavalry Division at Ft. Hood, Texas, and then served in the 2nd Infantry Di-vision in the Republic of Korea. Major Shep-herd also served as an Assistant Professor of Military Science at Alcorn State University, as a Project Officer, as a Director of Plans, Train-ing, and Mobilization, as a Logistical Planning 
Officer for the 1st Cavalry, as an Executive Officer 15th Forward Support Battalion for the 1st Cavalry Division, and as a Director Resi-dent Training Detachment. He finally retired from the U.S. Army after more than 18 years of service. Following his first retirement, Major Shepherd joined the Dallas Independent School District in 1995 serving as the Senior Army Instructor for Franklin D. Roosevelt High School. During his tenure he has received many notable recognitions and awards. From serving the country to serving his community, Major Shepherd’s accomplishments have been well noted and appreciated. 
His passion and drive are commendable. In 
our rapidly shifting world and fast-paced life-styles it is always impressive to find someone like Major Shepherd that gives so generously of their time and effort to positively impact the lives of the people of Texas. 
As we reflect on all of Major Shepherd’s 
achievements, it is important to acknowledge that his belief in giving to those around him comes from the genuine patriotism and deter-mination of a remarkable man. I want to ex-press my heartiest congratulations and thanks to Major Morris Shepherd on his outstanding accomplishments, and for his immense con-tribution to our great country and to the State of Texas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE OLD DOMINION BAR ASSOCIATION 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 75th Anniversary of the Old Dominion Bar Association (ODBA), of which I am proud to be a member. Members will be gathering next week in Glen Allen, Vir-ginia for their annual conference and to cele-brate this historic milestone. 
The ODBA traces its history to a December 
1940 incident where an African American law-yer was asked to move to another section of the law library of the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. Frederic Charles Carter, Esq. was working in the law library when he was or-dered to move to another section because of an alleged new Supreme Court policy limiting African American attorneys to a specific sec-tion of the law library. Carter refused to move and the head librarian summoned a police offi-cer to demand Carter see him in his office. Carter later inquired in a letter to the Chief Justice whether the court had indeed issued a new policy relegating African American law-yers to a special section of the law library. 
Several months passed with no response 
from the Court, so Carter began reaching out to fellow African American Attorneys in the Commonwealth of Virginia, including R. H. Cooley, Jr. of Petersburg. Cooley also con-tacted colleagues in Norfolk, Newport News, and Portsmouth, as well as at the Howard University School of Law, to discuss the need to organize a bar association in Virginia spe-cifically for African American attorneys. 
Throughout 1941, Cooley and the following 
individuals met to organize the ODBA: J. Thomas Hewin, Sr., Roland D. Ealey, James T. Carter, Fredric Charles Carter, J. Byron 
Hopkins and Oliver W. Hill of Richmond; W. S. Duiguid of Lynchburg; Martin A. Martin of Danville; Thomas W. Young and J. Eugene Diggs of Norfolk; James Raby of Alexandria; and L. Marian Poe of Newport News. 
The organizational meeting for the ODBA 
was set for April 12, 1942 in Richmond. Twen-ty-five attorneys attended the organizational meeting where they elected their inaugural of-ficers: Oliver W. Hill, President; L. Marian Poe, Secretary; Martin A. Martin, Vice-President; and James M. Morris (of Staunton), Treasurer. 
On May 21, 1942, the new association met 
again to adopt their constitution and set an an-nual membership fee of $4.50. Some balked at the cost which prompted Oliver Hill to in-clude the following message on organization notices: ‘‘If you are very, very busy—we need you. If you don’t think you can afford it, you need us.’’ 
As America became increasingly involved in 
World War II, many ODBA members, including its president Oliver W. Hill, entered military service to fight for our nation overseas. It was during this time that R. H. Cooley, Jr. became the organization’s acting president. Through-out the war, he urged all members to ‘‘keep abreast with service legislation in order to aid men and women in uniform and their families in matters pertaining to insurance, depend-ency allotments and any other phases nec-essary to solve their perplexing problems.’’ Cooley also urged association members to help returning veterans, including volunteering their legal services when necessary. 
By the war’s end, there were forty-four ac-
tive members of the association all across the Commonwealth, with local groups of ODBA members established in Richmond, on the Vir-ginia Peninsula, in South Hampton Roads, and in Northern Virginia. 
Originally organized to confront a discrimi-
natory policy that offended the personal and professional dignity of members of the Virginia Bar, it has grown into an essential profes-sional organization for African American attor-neys practicing law in the Commonwealth of Virginia. It has not only provided positive pro-fessional relationships for its members and trained them to be effective advocates for their clients, but has also broken down barriers to membership and full participation for African American attorneys statewide and in the local bar associations and to their election as judges throughout Virginia. Moreover, its members have led the effort to desegregate America in all areas of public and private life, including education, employment, housing, and public accommodations. 
Today, the ODBA continues its strong leg-
acy of pursuing justice and ensuring its mem-ber lawyers hold themselves to the highest level of professional skill and conduct. The as-sociation holds numerous professional devel-opment seminars annually. And its members are very active in other national, state and local bar associations, as well as their local communities in general through community service and active civic engagement. 
Mr. Speaker, as the Old Dominion Bar As-
sociation gathers in Glen Allen next week for its annual meeting, I wish to congratulate the association’s current president, Helivi L. Hol-land, Esq., and all its members, past and present, on this 75th anniversary and thank them for all that they have done and continue to do on behalf of the legal profession and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.035 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E785 May 21, 2015 
full participation of all in the life and bounties 
of the Commonwealth of Virginia and the na-tion as a whole. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA’S 
GEOTHERMAL INDUSTRY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor California’s Geothermal Industry as we celebrate Geothermal Aware-ness Month. It is important to recognize the success of existing geothermal facilities in California and the great value in promoting the development of new geothermal power, one of California’s greatest natural resources. 
Geothermal energy is an excellent source of 
clean, renewable energy that supports thou-sands of jobs across our district and state. Not only does the production of geothermal energy boost our economy and reduce our depend-ence on foreign oil, it provides counties with important royalty payments which they use to pay for important priorities like public safety, road maintenance and law enforcement. Fur-thermore, geothermal energy is critical to Cali-fornia’s renewable and low carbon energy goals. 
Geothermal energy is locally produced and 
boosts rural economies through jobs, royalties, tax payments and more. While in develop-ment, a geothermal power project will employ hundreds of individuals during construction and post-construction, more than most other renewable technologies. I am proud to rep-resent The Geysers, which lies beneath the surface of Lake and Sonoma Counties, em-ploys 300 full-time employees at Calpine, fifty full-time employees at the Northern California Power Agency’s two Geysers power plants and more than 150 contractors. The Geysers 
is also the largest taxpayer in both Sonoma and Lake Counties. 
Geothermal power benefits communities 
across the state, while providing important en-vironmental benefits. In the south, The Salton Sea Restoration and Renewable Energy Initia-tive, a plan to save an important source of water and minerals in the state, can add up to 1,700 megawatts of low-impact, cost-competi-tive geothermal energy to the State’s power grid. In the north, the Geysers maximizes the economic and environmental benefits of the resource, and helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions to the equivalent of removing al-most half a million cars from the road, mean-ing cleaner air for local towns and cities. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we recognize May 21, 2015 as Geo-thermal Awareness Day and honor California’s Geothermal Industry for ensuring that new and existing geothermal power is part of a diverse and sustainable energy mix now and in the fu-ture. CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC 
SERVICE OF JOSEPH HOUCK 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the distinguished public service of Jo-seph Houck, who retires after 30 years with the Summit Fire Department including seven years as Fire Chief and Director. 
Chief Houck obtained an Associate in Ap-
plied Science Degree in Fire Science Tech-nology from Union County College. He is a graduate of the National Fire Academy’s Exec-utive Fire Officer Program and also completed the New Jersey’s Certified Public Manager Program and received a Bachelor of the Arts Degree in Public Administration from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 
Chief Houck started with the Summit Fire 
Department in 1985 as a volunteer firefighter and became a career firefighter in 1987. Due to his dedication and skill he became a recog-nized leader in the department and was pro-moted to Lieutenant in 1995, Battalion Chief in 2000, Deputy Chief in 2005 and Chief and Di-rector in 2008. In addition, Chief Houck served as a New Jersey State Fire Instructor and was the City of Summit’s Fire Official. 
During his accomplished tenure, Chief 
Houck achieved a number of significant ac-complishments in service to the City of Sum-mit and in the name public safety. The Summit Fire Department was accredited by the Center on Fire Accreditation International—the only Fire Department in the state to earn such rec-ognition—and the Department’s reputation for professional and timely service improved under his stewardship. He managed numerous disaster responses, including Hurricane Sandy, and was a vital part of the City’s emer-gency management team. His insight, guid-ance and experience proved extremely valu-able during challenging times. 
Chief Houck has also been a member of the 
New Jersey Career Fire Chiefs Association and has been its liaison to the New Jersey Of-fice of Homeland Security and Preparedness Emergency Services Sector, a member of the International Association of Fire Chiefs and served on its Emergency Management Com-mittee working on interstate mutual aid plans. 
I wish Chief Houck many years of happi-
ness in his retirement spent with his wife, Irene, and his children. I thank him for his dedicated public service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRUCE 
FARRIS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and career of a local Fresno icon, Bruce Farris, who passed away on Wednesday, May 6, 2015 at the age of 88. 
Bruce was born on March 25, 1927, in 
Coldwater, Michigan, to Ross and Ruth Farris. At the age of four, with the Great Depression limiting jobs, the family gathered their belong-ing and drove to California in their Hudson Essex automobile. They settled in Reedley 
and three years later moved to Fresno. There, Bruce attended Daily Elementary School, Hamilton Junior High, and graduated from Fresno High School in 1945. At Fresno High, Bruce played baseball, basketball, and most importantly, during his senior year, he wrote for the Fresno High Owl. 
Following high school, Bruce attended Fres-
no State College for two years where he played basketball and wrote for the Daily Col-legian as a reporter and an editor. After col-lege, he worked for the Fresno Guide and the St. Louis Cardinals organization. At the age of 21, he was hired by the Fresno Bee. His ca-reer began by reporting on Fresno State ath-letics, and later expanded to a broader range of sporting events. What distinguished Mr. Farris from other reporters, and what made his career so impressive, was his enthusiasm for his job and his love for all sports. Additionally, Mr. Farris was unbiased and fair, making it a point to report objectively. 
While working at the Fresno Bee, Bruce 
worked with a secretary named Barbara Har-per, whom he married in 1955. Bruce and Bar-bara had three children, Greg, Nancy, and Sandra. They raised their children in a home on First Street, and opened their door to many, from people from church, to neighbor-hood kids, and friends, relatives, and foreign exchange students. Everyone was welcome in their home at any time. 
In 1997, Mr. Farris was inducted into the 
Fresno Athletic Hall of Fame after decades of covering Fresno State athletics. Afterwards, Mr. Farris went on to report for the Fresno Bee as the newspaper’s outdoors and golf writer. He worked at the Fresno Bee for 23 years before retiring in December 2002. Bruce had a truly amazing 52 year long career. 
According to his daughter Nancy, Mr. Farris 
was defined by his faith, love of family, and love of sports, three things which led him to be such a great man. Mr. Farris’ loss is heart-breaking for Fresno, and his passing will be felt by the many friends that he has gained throughout the years. Everyone that knew Mr. Farris describes him as a kind man who truly cared for others, and who was respected by everyone who had the honor of knowing him. 
Mr. Farris’ wife, Barbara, died in 2007. He 
is survived by his one son, Greg, two daugh-ters, Nancy and Sandra, nine grandchildren, and one great-grandchild on the way. Mr. Speaker, it is with the utmost respect that I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the wonderful life and distinguished career of Bruce Farris. Mr. Farris’ passing is a loss to our community. While his presence will be greatly missed, his legacy will continue through his writing. 
f 
MATTHEW GOELLNER 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Matthew Goellner as a member of the United States Air Force Academy Class of 2015. 
Matthew will graduate from the U.S. Air 
Force Academy as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force on May 28, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.037 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E786 May 21, 2015 
His career in the service has just begun, but 
it is a testament to Matthew’s unselfish devo-tion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, al-though it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. 
The challenge for this young man will be to 
retain as much as possible, pass on what he learns to others, and live life for every mo-ment. 
South Mississippi is proud of Matthew and 
his accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mis-sissippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Air Force officer. 
As Matthew embarks on a new chapter in 
life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplish-ment graduating from a program as pres-tigious as the Air Force Academy. 
I would like to send Matthew my best wish-
es for continued success in his future endeav-ors, thank him for his service, and congratu-late him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PUBLISHER DOROTHY 
LEAVELL AND THE CHICAGO CRUSADER NEWSPAPER ON ITS 75TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, the Chicago Crusader Newspaper is cele-brating its 75th year Anniversary with a festive gala on June 5th, 2015 at the Loews Chicago Hotel and I take this opportunity to commend and congratulate them for 75 years of plead-ing the cause for Black America. To maintain itself for 75 years as a free and independent Black oriented publication is indeed a great business accomplishment. 
The Chicago Crusader’s mission has not 
changed since it was established by Mrs. Leavell’s late husband, Balm M. Leavell and his late partner Mr. Joseph H. Jefferson. The Chicago Crusader was founded in 1940, was published in the Ida B. Wells Housing Devel-opment and financed with donations. 
Mrs. Dorothy Leavell has worked at the Cru-
sader for more than fifty years and has been editor and publisher, for forty-seven years since the death of her late husband. The Chi-cago Crusader Newspaper and Mrs. Dorothy Leavell affectionately know to ‘‘tell it like it is’’. In 1941, the Chicago Crusader acquired the Gary Crusader and they are recognized as one of Chicago and Gary’s most successful Black owned business enterprises. 
The Chicago/Gary Crusader maintains its 
roots in the heart of the Black community with its headquarters being located in the 6400 Block of South King Drive in Chicago. Mrs. Dorothy Leavell is a stalwart member and leader of the National Newspaper Publishers Association, has served as Chairman of the National Black Chamber of Commerce, is a patron of the Arts and a Crusader for Civil Rights, equal opportunity and equal justice for all. 
We salute you Chicago/Gary Crusader, we 
salute you Mrs. Dorothy Leavell, may you and the Crusader forever live. HONORING YOUNTVILLE 
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Lee Hart and the Yountville Cemetery Association, caretakers for the George C. Yount Pioneer Cemetery in Napa County. The cemetery is named after George C. Yount, an early settler, who was also the first person to plant grapevines in the Napa Valley. 
Yount himself was buried in the cemetery in 
1865 before it was purchased by his son-in- law to be preserved for future generations. The Yountville Cemetery Association was cre-ated in 1892, and took on the responsibility for its upkeep and preservation. By 1959, Cali-fornia recognized the cemetery as a state his-torical landmark. The cemetery is the final resting place for over one hundred of our na-tion’s veterans and their families, and also in-cludes historic Native American burial grounds. 
The association’s all-volunteer staff con-
tinues to maintain the grounds year-round, along with responding to family requests and handling the few burials that still occur there each year. This year marks 150 years since Yount’s passing and 50 years since Lee Hart joined the Association Board as its President. 
Mr. Hart is a local historian and authority on 
Yount’s history and has been volunteering at the George C. Yount Cemetery and Ancient Burial Grounds for 50 years. In 1965, the or-ganization lacked organization and volunteers. Hart decided to help create a new board with by-laws and fifty years later continues volun-teering. Hart was just 25 years old when he lost his parents three months apart in 1965. His mother’s family, long time Yountville resi-dents were buried in the Yountville Cemetery. As such, Hart made the decision to bury his parents in Yountville. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
honor Lee Hart and the Yountville Cemetery Association at this time. Their commitment to maintaining the George C. Yount Pioneer Cemetery has preserved an important part of Napa and California’s history. 
f 
THE UNITED STATES’ COMMIT-
MENT TO FIGHT AGAINST VIO-LENT EXTREMISTS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, April 2nd 
was expected to be just another day at Garissa University College in Kenya. But in the early morning hours, students awoke in terror as armed gunman stormed the campus. They claimed to be militants from Al-Qaeda’s offshoot—Al-Shabaab. 
The students’ fate was determined by their 
religion. The terrorists allowed Muslims to leave and kept an unknown number of Chris-tians hostage. After nearly 15 hours of fear, 147 people were killed. 
Groups like Al-Shabaab, ISIS, Boko Haram, 
and many more allow for no compromise and are intent on spreading oppression and fear 
amongst those who do not share their ide-ology. 
I commend the first responders and ordinary 
Kenyans who showed tremendous heroism that day, and my deepest condolences go out to the families and victims of this senseless at-tack. 
H. Res. 213 reaffirms United States’ com-
mitment to the multilateral, global fight against violent extremists. 
We must be vigilant in this fight, and we 
must allow for no compromise when there are threats to freedom. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING GRANGER MIDDLE 
SCHOOL 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Granger Middle School in Aurora, Il-linois, for being named an Illinois Horizon School to Watch by the Association of Illinois Middle-Grade Schools. 
The Association of Illinois Middle-Grade 
Schools recognizes educational programs that promote quality and fairness in order to pro-vide educators, parents, and students with the best learning environment possible. Alongside the National Forum to Accelerate Middle- Grade Reform, the Association of Illinois Mid-dle-Grade Schools designates certain institu-tions that fit these criteria as an Illinois Hori-zon School to Watch. 
Granger Middle School was included for the 
second time on this list because the faculty, staff, and students have consistently dem-onstrated outstanding academic achievement, sensitivity to the needs of their students, and a commitment to creating equal opportunity in the classroom. Additionally, Granger Middle School’s dedicated faculty and involved par-ents make them one of the best middle schools in the state of Illinois. These qualities create not only a terrific educational experi-ence inside the classroom, but also produce a community that supports and encourages stu-dents long after their time at Granger is com-plete. 
Congratulations to Granger Middle School 
for being named an Illinois Horizon School to Watch. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF SIMON 
WIESENTHAL HOLOCAUST EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today to intro-duce the Simon Wiesenthal Holocaust Edu-cation Assistance Act. 
This important bill will support efforts around 
the country to increase awareness and under-standing of the Holocaust through educational programs. States across the country encour-age their schools to teach about the atrocities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.041 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E787 May 21, 2015 
of the Holocaust, and this bill will enhance 
these efforts through targeted grants to non-profit educational organizations to support teacher training, student field trips, and the de-velopment of high-quality educational mate-rials. 
A Pew Research Center report published 
earlier this year found that the harassment of Jews worldwide reached a seven-year high in 2013, and violent anti-Semitic attacks across Europe last year highlight that intolerance per-sists even in the 21st century. Programs sup-ported by this legislation will help students learn the consequences of intolerance to work towards unity and peace. 
I hope my colleagues will join me to support 
the Simon Wiesenthal Holocaust Education Assistance Act. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOBBIE 
STEEVER, RECIPIENT OF THE GREATER WILKES-BARRE SAL-VATION ARMY OTHERS AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Bobbie Steever, who is receiv-ing the Greater Wilkes-Barre Salvation Army Others Award. 
Since retiring from Bell of America in 1991, 
Mrs. Steever refused to let retirement slow her down. She has worked for several companies and organizations including Trade Eastern, Inc., Lewith & Freeman Real Estate, and Penn State Wilkes-Bane. Following her time at Penn State, she spent 15 years with TRR & Associ-ates as a professional consultant in fund-raising, events planning, and public relations. Today, she serves as the Executive Director of Community Services for TFP Limited, a real estate development and management com-pany. 
Driven by a genuine passion to serve oth-
ers, Mrs. Steever’s outreach to the community began many years ago serving as Chair of Bell’s Community Relations Service Team. She has served as chair, board member, so-licitor, and friend of several local non-profits, including the Osterhout Library, Back Moun-tain Memorial Library, Catherine McAuley House, Family Service Association of Wyo-ming Valley, Luzeme County Community Col-lege, Penn State Wilkes-Bane, Wyoming Val-ley United Way, Association for the Blind, American Heart Association, and the Salvation Army. In 2010, the Times Leader newspaper recognized Mrs. Steever as one of the Great Women of Northeast Pennsylvania for her ac-complishments in the workplace and in her community. 
Mrs. Steever also served with the Salvation 
Army’s Wilkes-Barre Corps for nine years, where she repeatedly proved her ability to ef-fectively orchestrate their Annual Community Award Dinners, raising approximately $1,300,000 for the Kirby Health Center Family House, a transitional housing program for homeless families. 
It is a distinct honor to congratulate Bobbie 
Steever on receiving the Greater Wilkes-Barre Salvation Army Others Award, and I commend her for the many years of dedicated service she provided to our local community. Her work on behalf of others serves as an inspiration for 
all of us. 
f 
DEVELOPMENTS IN RWANDA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, in 
1994, the east African nation of Rwanda expe-rienced one of the most horrific genocides in modern times. An estimated 800,000 Rwandans—mostly ethnic Tutsis and mod-erates among the ethnic Hutus were brutally murdered in a state-backed extermination campaign that lasted for months. 
Hutu-Tutsi tensions date back to colonial 
times, when the Belgians created a superior class composed of Tutsis, shutting out Hutus from government jobs and higher education despite Hutus comprising about 85% of the population. In 1959 and 1960, tensions among the Hutus exploded in a campaign that left 20,000 Tutsis dead and created 300,000 Tutsi refugees. 
As with this earlier genocide, the inter-
national community watched largely from the sidelines during the 1994 genocide in Rwanda as the death toll rose from April until July of that year until the Rwandan Patriotic Front or RPF defeated the Hutu-led government mili-tary. More than two million mostly-Hutu refu-gees flooded into the Democratic Republic of the Congo, leading to continuing problems in that country. The RPF-led Rwandan govern-ment has criticized the United Nations for sheltering Hutu participants in the genocide and for allowing them to arm in refugee camps. 
Over the years, the RPF has used the guilt 
of the international community as a shield to prevent criticism of its action. U.N. Ambas-sador Samantha Power referred to Ambas-sador Susan Rice and her colleagues in the Clinton administration in the 1990s as By-standers to Genocide. She quotes Rice in the 2002 book as saying, ‘‘If we use the word ’genocide’ and are seen as doing nothing, what will be the effect on the November con-gressional election?’’ Part of Rice’s team dur-ing those years was Gayle Smith, current nominee to head the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development. 
As far back as May 1998, I chaired a hear-
ing that included testimony about the willful U.S. neglect in preventing the Rwandan geno-cide. As recounted in an issue of the New Yorker magazine at the time, a high-ranking Rwandan informant had warned the U.N. lead-ership, including Kofi Annan, and the United States about preparations for killings 3 months before they began. The recipients apparently did not act on that information. 
Furthermore, the United States has been 
accused not merely of inaction, but also of ob-structing preemptive multilateral efforts to quell the crisis. Some have alleged that, in the words of Refugees International president Lio-nel Rosenblatt, ‘‘The ball was not only dropped by the United States, it was blocked by the United States.’’ 
Paul Kagame, now President of Rwanda, 
was hailed as one of ‘‘Africa’s new leaders’’ by Rice and her team during the 1990s, and there has been no apparent change in their high opinion of him since then despite what 
Deputy Assistant Secretary Robert Jackson describes as several public administration statements related to human rights concerns and ongoing dialogue with the Rwandan gov-ernment. 
Kagame has been considered a hero on the 
international stage, and has long been im-mune to public criticism. However, human rights reports about abuses in Rwanda have grown over the years. The most recent State Department human rights report about Rwan-da accuses the government of ‘‘targeting of political opponents and human rights advo-cates for harassment, arrest and abuse.’’ Many observers note the constraints on free-dom of expression that criminalizes public criti-cism of the RPF and its policies, as well as outlawing public discussion of ethnic issues. In that vein, the RPF has used charges of ‘‘geno-cide ideology’’ and ‘‘divisionism’’ as well as national security concerns, to justify prosecu-tion of opposition political figures and journal-ists and prevent human rights organizations from reporting on events in their country. 
In recent years, there are credible reports 
that the RPF government has commissioned assassins to kill dissidents living in exile who criticize the government or attempt to form po-litical associations or parties. 
Several years ago, our committee Chairman 
E
DROYCE was told by Paul Russessabegina 
of Hotel Rwanda fame that the Rwandan Gov-ernment had targeted him and was behind several attempts on his life in Belgium. 
In early 2014, former Rwandan intelligence 
chief Patrick Karegeya who had been living in exile in South Africa, was found murdered in his hotel room in Johannesburg. 
Karegeya was one of two dissidents, one of 
the witnesses at a hearing I held yesterday— former Rwandan Major Robert Higiro—says he was asked to have killed. The assassina-tion plot he revealed was investigated and substantiated in a series of articles in Can-ada’s Globe and Mail newspaper, which inter-viewed Rwandan exiles in South Africa and Belgium. 
Since 2012, I have chaired a series of hear-
ings on the violence perpetrated by various militias in eastern DRC. Perhaps the best known of them, the so-called M23, was sup-ported by Rwanda. This Congress has en-acted restrictions on some military assistance to Rwanda in response to its involvement in militia activity in the DRC and involvement in resource smuggling from that country, as un-covered in several U.N. reports. 
These charges of serious human rights and 
other abuses would be troubling in any case, but Rwanda is a country that has enjoyed sig-nificant U.S. and international support. By largely avoiding criticism of Rwandan human rights issues, the Bush and Obama adminis-trations raised appropriations to Rwanda from $39 million in FY2003 to $188 million in FY2014. This largely has involved funding of health, food security and other socioeconomic projects, as well as support for Rwandan par-ticipation in international peacekeeping. 
Rwanda is the sixth largest troop and police 
contributing country in the U.N., with more than 4,000 troops, more than 400 police, and 13 military observers in seven U.N. missions, including: the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID); the U.N. Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS); the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Haiti 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.046 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E788 May 21, 2015 
(MINUSTAH); the U.N. Mission in Liberia 
(UNMIL); the U.N. Interim Security Force in Abyei (UNISFA); the U.N. Operation in Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire (UNOCI), and the U.N. Integrated Peace-building Office in Guinea-Bissau (UNIOGBIS). 
Rwanda, due to donor aid, political stability 
and favorable investor policies, has grown by an average of 8% annually over the past dec-ade. It is considered one of the recipient coun-tries most able to achieve results from aid pro-grams. Yet donors began reducing or re-directing funds in 2012 because of Rwanda’s role in supporting M23. The growing reports of human rights abuses also are leading to great-er caution among donor nations about directly supporting the Rwandan Government. 
f 
LONG TERM FUNDING FOR 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise in support of a long-term surface transportation bill. 
Right now Americans are looking to Con-
gress for REAL bipartisan solutions to fund and upgrade our deteriorating infrastructure system. As hard as it may be, as uncomfort-able and contentious as the debates may be-come, it’s time to for us to move past the senseless chatter and to stop kicking the can down the road. 
We must get serious about fixing America’s 
infrastructure and establishing long-term fund-ing for the Highway Trust Fund. This is not the time for partisan politics. We need to work to-gether for the benefit of the men and women who sent us here. 
Yesterday, the House passed a bill that was 
nothing more than another ‘‘Band-Aid’’ for a much larger problem. The American Society of Civil Engineers estimates that 1 out of every 9 bridges in the U.S. is structurally deficient, and gave our overall infrastructure a ‘‘D ¥.’’ 
An alarming 54 percent of all major U.S. 
roads are in poor or mediocre condition, and these roads account for 1 in 3 fatal traffic acci-dents. In my home state of Alabama alone, driving on roads in need of repair cost motor-ists $1.2 billion a year. Now is the time for a lasting solution to this 
important issue. Yet, here we are, at the end of May, and we are no closer to crafting a long-term solution to invest in our roads, bridges, and rails than we were this time last year. 
The benefits to investing in our highways, 
bridges, railroads, and other transit systems are clear. By building the infrastructure of to-morrow, we would create thousands of good- paying jobs that help more hard-working Americans earn a living. 
A solid transportation system is necessary 
to quickly move goods, which will help further grow our economy. This is vital if America is to compete in the 21st century global market-place. 
I urge my colleagues to work together to de-
velop a long-term plan that will improve our aging infrastructure, encourage job creation, and strengthen our nation’s economic devel-opment. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SSGT MICHAEL 
WAYNE SCHAFER 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of a real American Hero, SSGT Michael Schafer of the United States Army, 2nd BAT-TALION, 173 Airborne. Mike served in Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan. He received the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and the Sil-ver Star. Michael was killed in Oruzgan in combat on July 25, 2005 as part of a quick re-sponse team while helping fellow soldiers under fire. He is survived by his wife Danielle, son Devin, his mother Karen and step-father Daniel Barr, his father Mark Schafer, retired Navy of Williamsburg, his sister Sarah, and two brothers, Mark Shafer and Timothy Barr. Today and every day let us all remember all of those selfless heroes like Michael and their families who give that last full measure in the name of freedom. Michael wanted to become a Ranger, but due to a loss of hearing in com-bat, was told he should retire. Instead, he chose to return to his brothers in combat and died on his last tour. Albert Caswell penned the following poem, ‘‘Our America’s Son’’, in honor of Michael Shafer this Memorial Day. ‘‘Our, America’s Son 
this chosen one Of warm heart and steal, who to us all has so revealed How it is on earth, as it is in heaven as they will be done. Who so gave that full measure. 
The greatest of all possible treasures, as did America’s Son As now we all so weep As all in our heart’s Michael you we keep, oh so very deep. As we remember what to all of us what you’d 
so teach 
About life and death, all in honor’s quest . . . for all your brothers 
in arms you’d seek . . . 
As you were a man of actions and deeds All else supersedes Could all our hearts as high yours exceed? But for the greater good, in all you could. Now all in our grief. Now all in our loss we seek. Of such cost it reaps. This pain to ease. As to us now all so speaks. For your life was Army Strong. For magnificent men like you Mike, all live ever after in history like a song. Whose courage forever rings loud and long. As but The Best of the Best. Because moments are all we have. Just minutes to turn good from bad. And now we lay your fine body down to 
sleep. 
All in our hearts now so very deep. And across Williamsburg tonight There comes a gentle rain Comes our Lord’s tears to so help to ease 
your families pain 
To wash down upon you to remain Until, once again up in Heaven you will all 
meet again, 
and you won’t have to cry no more And hush little baby don’t you cry, because one day up in heaven you will look 
into your father’s eyes 
And remember he is with you this day by 
your side. 
And you too Danielle his lovely wife, must 
somehow find the strength to start a new life 
And all of his family find peace all in his 
light. 
Now rest my son, your war is over on earth, is done. And rise up for your new battle begun. As an Angel in the Army of our Lord To watch over us ever more. For Michael you are now so one. At Ease, America’s Son!’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.024 E21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D589 Thursday, May 21, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3201–S3252 
Measures Introduced: Forty-six bills and five reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1409–1454, and S. Res. 183–187.
                                      Pages S3237–38 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Legislative 
Activities of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation During the 113th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–50) 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommit-
tees of Budget Totals from the Concurrent Resolu-tion for Fiscal Year 2016’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–55) 
S. 143, to allow for improvements to the United 
States Merchant Marine Academy and for other pur-poses. (S. Rept. No. 114–51) 
S. 808, to establish the Surface Transportation 
Board as an independent establishment. (S. Rept. No. 114–52) 
H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–53) 
H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and 
water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–54) 
S. 335, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to improve 529 plans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–56) 
H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military 
construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–57) 
S. Res. 87, to express the sense of the Senate re-
garding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organi-zation for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 
preventing and responding to anti-Semitism. 
S. 802, to authorize the Secretary of State and the 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to provide assistance to sup-port the rights of women and girls in developing countries, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 1417, to reauthorize the United States Grain 
Standards Act.
                                                             Page S3236 
Measures Passed: 
Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse: 
Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1690, to designate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                        Page S3249 
William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Court-
house: Senate passed S. 261, to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Hollo-way, Jr. United States Courthouse.
                  Page S3249 
George P. Kazen Federal Building and United 
States Courthouse: Senate passed S. 612, to des-
ignate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’.
                         Page S3249 
New Mexico Navajo Water Settlement Technical 
Corrections Act: Senate passed S. 501, to make tech-
nical corrections to the Navajo water rights settle-ment in the State of New Mexico.
           Pages S3249–50 
National Foster Care Month: Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 168, recognizing National Foster Care Month as an op-portunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                        Page S3250 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D590 May 21, 2015 
Honoring Brave Young Men from Hawaii: 
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 109, acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific led to World War II, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
        Page S3250 
Perdue (for Schatz) Amendment No. 1437, to 
amend the preamble.                                        Pages S3250–51 
Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 185, recognizing the significance of May 2015 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders to the history of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3251 
National Public Works Week: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 186, designating the week of May 17 through May 23, 2015, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S3251 
National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 187, expressing support for the designation of the month of May 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’.
   Page S3251 
Measures Considered: 
USA Freedom Act—Cloture : Senate began consid-
eration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes. 
                                                                                            Page S3201 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Saturday, May 23, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S3201 
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act—Cloture : 
Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1357, to extend authority re-lating to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 until July 31, 2015.
                     Page S3201 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2048, to reform the 
authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes.
                                            Page S3201 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate continued consid-
eration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S3202–12, S3225–31 
Pending: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1221, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S3202 
Hatch (for Flake) Amendment No. 1243 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program.
     Page S3202 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) Modified Amendment 
No. 1312 (to Amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements.
                                                                   Page S3202 
Hatch (for McCain) Amendment No. 1226 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative in-spection and grading program.
                           Page S3202 
Stabenow (for Portman) Amendment No. 1299 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal nego-tiating objective of the United States to address cur-rency manipulation in trade agreements.
      Page S3202 
Brown Amendment No. 1251 (to Amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress be-fore additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.
                                          Page S3202 
Wyden (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1227 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses.
                                     Page S3202 
Wyden (for Warren) Amendment No. 1327 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the application of the trade authorities procedures to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement that includes investor-state dispute settle-ment.
                                                                                Page S3202 
Hatch Modified Amendment No. 1411 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1299), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S3202 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 62 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. 183), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D591 May 21, 2015 
to close further debate on Hatch Amendment No. 
1221 (listed above).                                           Pages S3206–07 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Friday, May 22, 2015, and that all time during the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on the bill.
             Page S3251 
Appointments: 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Acad-
emy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, 
pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, and upon the recommendation of the Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: Senator Wicker, and Senator Sullivan. 
                                                                                            Page S3251 
Members of the Commission on Care: The Chair, 
on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 113–146, appointed the following individuals to serve as members of the Commission on Care: The Honorable Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Stuart Hickey of Pennsylvania, and Thomas Harvey of New York.
                            Page S3251 
Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on be-
half of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following indi-vidual to the Congressional Award Board: Chiling Tong of Maryland.
                                                    Page S3251 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military 
Academy: Senator Ernst (Designee of the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services).
           Page S3251 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, 
pursuant to the provisions of 20 U.S.C., sections 42 and 43, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Senator Boozman, and Senator Perdue.
          Page S3251 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: Senator Gardner (Designee of the Chair-man of the Committee on Armed Services). 
                                                                                            Page S3251 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Acad-emy: Senator Sullivan (Designee of the Chairman of 
the Committee on Armed Services).
                Page S3251 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
184), Jill N. Parrish, of Utah, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah.
        Page S3224 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
185), Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas.
                                                              Page S3224 
Patricia D. Cahill, of Missouri, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Pub-lic Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2020.
                                                                                Page S3225 
Mark Scarano, of New Hampshire, to be Federal 
Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission.
                                                                 Page S3225 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 35 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine 
Corps, and Navy.
              Pages S3223–25, S3248–49, S3252 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Stephen C. Hedger, of New York, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense. 
Luis A. Viada, of New York, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foun-dation for a term expiring September 20, 2018. 
Akhil Reed Amar, of Connecticut, to be a Mem-
ber of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. 
Robert P. Zimmerman, of New York, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018. 
Jessica Rosenworcel, of the District of Columbia, 
to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. 
W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Direc-
tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Ad-
ministrator of General Services. 
Edward L. Stanton III, of Tennessee, to be United 
States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. 
Eric Steven Miller, of Vermont, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. 
Michael C. McGowan, of Delaware, to be United 
States Marshal for the District of Delaware, for the term of four years. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D592 May 21, 2015 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force and Coast Guard. 
                                                                                    Pages S3251–52 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3235 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3235 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                Pages S3201–02, S3235–36 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3236 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S3236–37 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3238–40 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3240–47 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3234–35 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S3247 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3247–48 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3248 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—185)                                                    Page S3207, S3224 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:16 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, May 22, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3251.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported an original bill en-titled, ‘‘United States Grain Standards Act Reauthor-ization Act of 2015’’. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tion of Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING AND 302(b) 
ALLOCATIONS 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water De-
velopment Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and An original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’. 
Also, committee completed its review of 302(b) 
subcommittee allocations of budget outlays and new budget authority allocated to the committee in S. Con. Res 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
UNITED STATES POLICY IN IRAQ AND 
SYRIA 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine United States policy in Iraq and Syria, after receiving testimony from General John M. Keane, USA (Ret.), former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Frederick W. Kagan, American Enterprise Institute Criminal Threats Project, and Brian Katulis, Center for American Progress, all of Wash-ington, D.C; and Colonel Derek J. Harvey, USA (Ret.), University of South Florida Global Initiative for Civil Society and Conflict, Riverview. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee ordered favorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regulatory Improve-ment Act of 2015’’. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, after the nominee, who was introduced by Representative Hahn, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
ENERGY LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-
committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 160, and H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, S. 365, to improve rangeland condi-tions and restore grazing levels within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, Utah, S. 472, to promote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible development in Douglas County, Nevada, S. 583, to establish certain wilder-ness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in cen-tral Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the conveyance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D593 May 21, 2015 
certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the 
Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, after receiving testimony from Senator Heller; Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National For-est System, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; Timothy M. Murphy, Acting Assistant Di-rector, National Conservation Lands and Community Partnerships, Bureau of Land Management, Depart-ment of the Interior; Rick Johnson, Idaho Conserva-tion League, Boise; and Brett Stevenson, Wood River Bicycle Coalition, Hailey, Idaho, on behalf of the International Mountain Bicycling Association. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 802, to authorize the Secretary of State and the 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to provide assistance to sup-
port the rights of women and girls in developing countries, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. Res. 87, to express the sense of the Senate re-
garding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European 
governments, the European Union, and the Organi-zation for Security and Co-operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism; 
The nominations of Charles C. Adams, Jr., of 
Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fin-land, Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Stafford Fitz-gerald Haney, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, all of the Department of State, Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 81 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2487–2567; and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 49–51; and H. Res. 280–285 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H3557–62 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3564–65 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Graves (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3509 
SPACE Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 2262, 
to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the devel-oping commercial space industry by encouraging pri-vate sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, by a yea-and-nay vote of 284 yeas to 133 nays, Roll No. 262. 
                                                                                    Pages H3511–34 Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–17 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology now print-ed in the bill.
                                                              Page H3521 
Agreed to: 
Smith (TX) amendment (No. 1 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–127) that makes technical correc-tions and requires a GAO report on state and mu-nicipal spaceports in the existing indemnification re-gime;
                                                                        Pages H3524–25 
Grijalva amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–127) that broadens the coverage of ex-perimental permits to include suborbital launch ve-hicles to allow for non-revenue testing;
         Page H3525 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 3 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–127) that creates an independent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D594 May 21, 2015 
study regarding indemnification for spaceflight par-
ticipants including options, unintended con-sequences, and potential costs;
                    Pages H3525–26 
Castro amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. 
Rept. 114–127) that ensures the Orbital Traffic Management study includes input from nonprofit or-ganizations that conduct research in space traffic and orbital activities;
                                                        Page H3526 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 5 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–127) that facilitates outreach to mi-nority-and women-owned businesses on business op-portunities in the commercial space industry; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3526–27 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 6 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–127) that facilitates the participa-tion of HBCU, Hispanic Serving Institutions; Na-tional Indian institutions, in fellowships, work-study and employment opportunities in the emerging com-mercial space industry.
                                   Pages H3527–28 
Rejected: Edwards amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 7 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–127) that sought to substitute the text of S. 1297, a bipartisan Senate companion of this legislation (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 261). 
                                                                                    Pages H3528–33 
H. Res. 273, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2262) and (H.R. 880), was agreed to on Wednesday, May 20th. 
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increas-
ing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. 
Res. 274, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to pro-vide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 263. Consideration began yesterday, May 20th.
                                                              Pages H3534–35 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-
man Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of resolu-tions to consider 2 building project survey resolu-tions and 1 resolution, included in the General Serv-ices Administration’s FY2015 Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture on May 20, 2015.
                                   Pages H3535–44 
Extending the authorization for the replacement of the existing Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, and making certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014: The 
House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 2496, to extend the authorization for the re-placement of the existing Department of Veterans 
Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, and to make certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. 
                                                                                    Pages H3546–47 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 22.
                           Page H3547 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow, May 22.
                      Page H3556 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3533, H3534, H3534–35. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 3:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
concluded a markup on H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’. H.R. 6 was ordered reported, as amend-ed. 
WHAT ARE THE STATE GOVERNMENTS 
DOING TO COMBAT THE OPIOID ABUSE EPIDEMIC? 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘What are the State Governments Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’. Testimony was heard from Jerome Adams, M.D., Health Commissioner, Indiana State Department of Health; Monica Bharel, M.D., Commissioner, Massachusetts Department of Public Health; Mark Stringer, Director, Division of Behavioral Health, Missouri Department of Mental Health; and Larry Wolk, M.D., Executive Director and Chief Medical Officer, Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. 
A DANGEROUS NEXUS: TERRORISM, 
CRIME, AND CORRUPTION 
Committee on Financial Services: Task Force to Inves-
tigate Terrorism Financing held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Dangerous Nexus: Terrorism, Crime, and Cor-ruption’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1853, to direct the President to de-velop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D595 May 21, 2015 
and for other purposes; H.R. 2100, the ‘‘Girls Count 
Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2323, the ‘‘United States Inter-national Communications Reform Act of 2015’’; H. Res. 213, condemning the April 2015 terrorist at-tack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 235, expressing deepest con-dolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015. The following legislation was ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 1853, H.R. 2100, and H. Res. 213. The following legislation was or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 2323, and H. Res. 235. 
ISSUES FACING CIVILIAN AND POSTAL 
SERVICE VEHICLE FLEET PROCUREMENT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Issues Facing Civilian and Postal Serv-ice Vehicle Fleet Procurement’’. Testimony was heard from Joseph Corbett, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, U.S. Postal Service; William Toth, Jr., Director, Office of Motor Vehicle Management, General Services Administration; and Lori Rectanus, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 475, the ‘‘GI Bill Processing Im-provement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 571, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 675, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces; H.R. 1607, the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2256, the ‘‘Veterans Information Modernization Act’’. The following bills were or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 475, H.R. 571, H.R. 675, H.R. 1607, and H.R. 2256. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1575. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MAY 22, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD596 May 21, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Friday, May 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration 
of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2:30 p.m., Friday, May 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 2:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Adams, Alma S., N.C., E772 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E772 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E771, E773, E777 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E771, E787 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E769 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E771 Costa, Jim, Calif., E785 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E773 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E783, E786 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E779 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E781 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E776 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E774 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E783 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E777, E777 Foster, Bill, Ill., E780, E786 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E775 Green, Al, Tex., E775 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E782 
Hahn, Janice, Calif., E776 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E772 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E773 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E769 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E774, E783 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E772 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E779 Kato, John, N.Y., E779, E781 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E770 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E785 Larson, John B., Conn., E769 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E772 Long, Billy, Mo., E780 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E770, E775, E786 Marino, Tom, Pa., E781 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E770 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E771, E776, E783, E785 Peters, Scott H., Calif., E780 Pitts, Joseph R., Pa., E779 Poe, Ted, Tex., E781, E786 
Quigley, Mike, Ill., E773 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E782 Reichert, David G., Wash., E780 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E769 Roby, Martha, Ala., E777 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E775 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E775 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E784 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E784 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E788 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E770 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E782, E787 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E781, E785, E786 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E778 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E780 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E778 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E788 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 May 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21MY5.REC D21MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST