Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4435 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 2015 No. 97 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 17, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable B LAKE  
FARENTHOLD to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
END IMMIGRANT FAMILY 
DETENTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, you 
are in the presence of greatness. No, not me, but I am flattered if that was your first thought. Rather, I speak of my excellent grandson, who has come to Washington and to the floor of the House of Representatives to see his grandpa at work. 
Tonight, Luisito, who is 12, will be 
my escort, along with his grandma, at the annual White House picnic for Members of Congress and their fami-
lies. It would take way more than the allotted 5 minutes to enumerate all of the reasons for this grandfather’s pride, so let me just say I am looking forward to showing him off at tonight’s gathering. 
But more than tonight’s picnic, what 
I am really looking forward to is Fa-ther’s Day. This Sunday, in Chicago, along with Luisito, my grandson, I will be with his dad and my daughters, who always make the old man feel loved. 
And this Father’s Day, I will be espe-
cially thankful for being allowed to have my family around me, because on Monday, I will be visiting with hun-dreds of children who cannot be with their dads. 
On Monday, I will be joining seven of 
my colleagues in San Antonio to visit the two largest family detention facili-ties in the country. Karnes and Dilley are where moms and their children are being kept behind bars awaiting resolu-tion of their immigration cases seeking asylum. 
Remember a year ago when tens of 
thousands of children and young people were fleeing violence in three countries in Central America? The Republicans thought that these children would bring this country to its knees, and anti-immigration groups organized mobs to protest and keep children out of detention facilities in their commu-nities. Do you remember that? 
Well, many mothers with small chil-
dren were also fleeing to the U.S. last year, and they are still being held in detention facilities, which are operated by private prison companies in Texas and Pennsylvania. They are detained for the completely lawful act of seek-ing asylum. My colleagues and I are going to see firsthand what is going on. 
The minority whip, Mr. H
OYER , and 
two of my closest allies on the family detention issue, Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , both of California, are 
going, and we will be hosted by our col-league from Texas, Mr. C ASTRO , as we 
visit the two facilities. 
I am sure that Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel, and even private companies who are contracted to run the facilities and profit from the incarceration of other people, are try-ing their best to make the conditions of detention for these moms and kids as humane as they can. 
But, you see, that misses the point. 
We shouldn’t be holding vulnerable women and children in detention. We have mothers and small children living in jail-like facilities with uncertain fu-tures, limited access to legal counsel, and this has been going on for some time, for almost a year for some of them. Even with schools and laundry and TVs, they are still being held be-hind fences. 
Moms still have to explain to the 
youngest children that, no, in fact, they do not know when they can leave or whether they will be deported back to the violent countries they fled after months in detention. 
Children who face trauma, gangs, 
murder, and sexual assault in their neighborhoods were forced to leave alone or in groups or with a parent. They faced all sorts of dangers—smug-glers and predators—on the journey to northern Mexico, where we know as-sault, robbery, and rape are common-place. Then they crossed the U.S. bor-der, often with the guidance of addi-tional smugglers and criminals, and, following the process in the U.S. law, presented themselves to authorities to request asylum. 
Now, because we have not put money 
into our immigration court system and, by the way, because we have not created ways for people to come here with visas instead of smugglers, we are all paying a higher price to house and feed moms and kids when much cheap-er monitoring and supervision options are available. Why? The government feels that imprisoning these children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.000 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4436 June 17, 2015 
and moms, even in relatively humane 
conditions, will be a deterrent to oth-ers. 
But 136 House Democrats, including 
all 8 Members traveling to Texas on Monday, have asked the Secretary of Homeland Security to end the practice of holding moms and children in deten-tion when there are other ways to get the job done. 
The children are paying the highest 
cost. It doesn’t take a developmental expert to know that weeks and months in detention in prison-like conditions, having already lived through weeks and months and years of desperation, are not conducive to good child devel-
opment. 
But with my Republican friends, it is 
usually not the human cost that mat-ters. So let me break it down another way. 
At $343 per person per day, we are 
spending $125,000 per detainee per year—$125,000. But the alternatives to detention we could be using cost about $5.50 a day, or about $2,000 a year. That is cost savings logic that even in Wash-ington we can understand. 
Mr. Speaker, regardless of how you 
feel about the funding and regardless of how you feel about immigration or pol-icy issues, Central America, or any other issues, you cannot lose sight of the fact that we are talking about chil-dren. 
As a father, I will not be able to look 
at those children without seeing my grandson, and they are probably a lot like your children and grandchildren, too. I am going to Texas for myself to see these women and children we are holding, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
PAHRUMP VA CLINIC 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, we live in 
America, a nation conceived in liberty and consecrated by the service and sac-rifice of our military men and women. 
Veterans throughout the country de-
pend on our integrity to keep our promises. We promise to care for their health after they come home from bat-tle; and yet, too often, we delay mak-ing good on the promise. 
Specifically, why have veterans of 
Pahrump, Nevada, had the promise of a new clinic dangled over their heads for years? Construction was finally ap-proved nearly 1 year ago, and the ground remains unbroken. 
Later today, the VA is holding a 
town hall in Pahrump. My staff will be there to hear the latest updates. I hope they will finally have something to tell the veterans there other than what they have shared with me. 
Something is very wrong with the VA 
right now. My advocacy for the vet-erans of my district, especially those who need better and more accessible health care now, will not cease. 
Let’s not leave our veterans with 
more unmet promises. We can do better for the more than 8,000 veterans of Nye 
County, Nevada. 
f 
STOP MESSING AROUND WITH 
FAILED TRADE AGREEMENTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, 44 days— 
44 days—that is when the highway trust fund runs dry. 
Now, this isn’t a surprise. We have 
been kicking the can down the road for awhile. The Republicans have been in charge for 4
1⁄2years. And today, the 
Ways and Means Committee is, rather begrudgingly, holding its first hearing on the issue of the highway trust fund. However, they have already foreclosed the options. 
The chairman and the Republican 
leadership have said: We can’t do user fees the way Dwight David Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan did. That is off the table. We are going to come up with some other creative or phony way to pay for these investments. 
And they pretty much have said they 
are going to try to kick the can down the road until the end of December. 
Well, those sorts of patches won’t 
deal with the massive pothole that we have with our infrastructure in this country: 140,000 bridges need repair or replacement; 40 percent of the service of the National Highway System is de-graded to the point where you have to dig it up and put in a new roadbed, not just pave it over a little bit; $86 billion backlog to bring our transit system just up to a state of good repair—not to build out more options to get people out of congestion and traffic, just to bring the existing system up to a state of repair. It is so bad that in the Na-tion’s Capital they are unnecessarily killing people because of a system that is outmoded, obsolete, and defective. 
But we are the United States of 
America. We can’t afford to invest, ac-cording to Republicans. They don’t dis-tinguish between investment and spending, unless it is the Pentagon, where spending is good. But rebuilding American infrastructure, they can’t find the money for that. 
Luckily, there is furious, furious ac-
tivity going on now. The President went to the baseball game last week for the first time in 7 years. He showed up at the House baseball game. He came to the Democratic Caucus last week. He sent three secretaries here. He is inviting groups down to the White House, bringing them down by motorcade. He is on the phone with J
OHNBOEHNER , his former archenemy. 
They are furiously, furiously at work. 
Unfortunately, what they are schem-
ing over is how to undo what we did last week, blocking the last worst trade agreement that America will ever have, saying: We want a new para-digm on trade. No more failed trade policies for this country. It is not working, to just rebuild or build upon the massive profits of multinational corporations, hoping some of it might 
trickle down. 
Actually, it has just led to job ex-
ports because they can get 30-cent-an- hour labor in Vietnam. They des-perately want this agreement. And Ma-laysia, hey, the House stripped out the minor restrictions on human traf-ficking so that U.S. companies could feel free to go to Malaysia. 
So they are furiously plotting what 
way they can trick us or somehow overcome 85 percent of the Democrats in the House caucus here and a number of Republicans who have concerns about these failed trade deals. 
Now, just think—just think—if 
Speaker B
OEHNER , President Obama, 
and corporate America assembled, were just working to help us find a solution to our crumbling infrastructure, be-cause it is certainly important to ev-erybody in this country. If we found that solution, if we moved forward with a long-term bill, we could, instead of having to argue over assistance for workers who are going to lose their jobs because of this trade agreement, we could be hiring hundreds of thou-sands of Americans, and not just con-struction workers. This would involve manufacturing. For transit, it involves high tech. It involves small business. It involves minority business enterprises. It involves family-wage jobs where peo-ple can make a living, not getting re-trained to go to McDonald’s because their job was sent to Asia or Mexico or someplace else. 
We have a tremendous opportunity. 
Stop messing around with these failed trade agreements, and let’s put our heads together and figure out how to pay for a long-term transportation bill and get this country moving again. 
f 
LGBT PRIDE MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, June is na-
tional LGBT Pride Month, and so I rise today to honor and recognize the deter-mination, advocacy, contributions, and talents of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and 
transgender Americans. 
I was 15 years old, a high school stu-
dent in a small town, when I gave my first gay rights speech. I did not know in 1975 that I would one day have the opportunity to be here on the floor of the House of Representatives to sup-port equal rights, but I did know that it is wrong to discriminate against fel-low Americans because of who they love. 
And I think I knew on some level 
that my brother Jamie was gay. I was, and still remain, committed to stand with those who fight bigotry, discrimi-nation, and violence against those who love another. 
And looking back, I am so deeply 
thankful to stand here today and to celebrate the remarkable progress we have made in recent years. That progress is due to the tireless deter-mination and enduring struggle of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.002 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4437 June 17, 2015 
LGBT Americans and allies, like my 
brother Jamie and my mother, Mitzi Henderson. 
b1015 
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell is a thing of 
the past, and it no longer forces our men and women in uniform to choose between serving this Nation and being open about who they are and who they love. Marriage equality is now a reality in 37 States and in Washington, D.C. That covers 70 percent of all Ameri-cans. During LGBT Pride Month, we celebrate the progress we have made, but we also recommit to the continued fight for full equality. 
Congress needs to pass the Employ-
ment Non-Discrimination Act, ENDA, to ensure that no one is fired because of one’s gender identity or sexual ori-entation. Congress needs to pass the SAME Act, which I had the honor of helping to introduce, to ensure that all couples can receive the Social Security benefits that they have earned. Con-gress needs to pass the Respect for Marriage Act so that all couples are treated with equality and fairness no matter where they live or who they love. 
At this very moment, the pursuit of 
national marriage equality continues. The Supreme Court is currently consid-ering a case that affords the Court a rare opportunity, the opportunity to make history while advancing justice. The Court may and—I hope—will rule that the Constitution’s guarantee of the right to marry extends to same-sex couples throughout the United States. 
No matter how the Court rules in the 
days ahead, I know we still have a long road ahead to advance equal rights for all Americans, but I also know we will prevail. We will prevail because we will continue to have those courageous con-versations one at a time. We will pre-vail because we advocate for something far more powerful than politics; we ad-vocate for love. 
I am honored to join with Americans 
across this great country to celebrate national LGBT Pride Month and to stand with those who stand up every day to defend the right of all Ameri-cans to be proud of who they are, to be proud of who they love, and to proudly work together for the ongoing cause of true equality under the law. 
f 
KIPP GENERATIONS COLLEGIATE 
GRADUATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker and Members, I rise today in honor of the graduates from the KIPP Generations Collegiate High School, KGC, in Houston, Texas. KIPP is a charter school that partners with our Houston area public school system. 
Last Sunday, I was honored to speak 
at their commencement ceremony. I have followed the success of KIPP stu-dents for 20 years. From their begin-nings in elementary school, Mike 
Feinberg and his excellent staff have taught thousands of children in Texas. KGC’s main focus is to build a rigorous learning environment to better equip its students for college. 
This school has upheld its mission by 
empowering its graduates to take own-ership of their education by approach-ing learning with curiosity, with a sense of responsibility, and by putting their knowledge into action in the service of others. Hailing under the motto of ‘‘We Lift as We Climb,’’ KGC is truly a model of success for the en-tire country. 
KGC’s values of hope, empowerment, 
grit, and citizenship are tools that every student needs to succeed in the 21st century. Because of this learning environment, every graduate from this program has been accepted into a col-lege or a university. KGC continues to perform well above the State in dis-trict averages. 
I would like to congratulate the stu-
dents, the parents, the teachers, and the administrators for their success now and in the future. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 19 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
The following proceedings were held 
before the House convened for morn-ing-hour debate: 
UNITED STATES ASSOCIATION OF FORMER MEM -
BERS OF CONGRESS 2015 ANNUAL REPORT TO  
CONGRESS  
The meeting was called to order by 
the Honorable Jim Walsh, vice presi-dent of Former Members of Congress Association, at 8:06 a.m. 
PRAYER  
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Lord God of history, we thank You 
for this day when former Members re-turn to Congress to continue, in a less official manner, their service to our Nation and to this noble institution. 
May their presence here bring a mo-
ment of pause where current Members consider the profiles they now form for future generations of Americans. 
May all former Members be rewarded 
for their contributions to this constitu-tional Republic and continue to work and pray that the goodness and justice of this beloved country be proclaimed to the nations. 
Bless all former Members who have 
died since last year’s meeting, 30 in all. May their families and their constitu-ents be comforted during a time of mourning and forever know our grati-tude for the sacrifices made in service to the House. 
Finally, bless those here gathered 
that they might bring joy and hope to the present age in supportive compan-ionship to one another. Together, we 
call upon Your holy name now and for-ever. 
Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE  
The Honorable Jim Walsh led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. WALSH. The Chair now recog-
nizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished Demo-
cratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Thank you so much, Mr. 
Speaker. I was glad to be here with Jim Walsh. 
I looked at the list. As I look 
around—I am not sure this is accu-rate—but I saw in the list there are about, I would say, 30 names on this list, and I think there are only two on the list, although that may be not ac-curate, with whom I have not served. Ron, you are one of them, and I think Lou Frey. Where is Lou? 
Mr. FREY. Over here. Mr. HOYER. The two of you, I think, 
are the only two former Members with whom I have not served. 
And, unfortunately, I never served 
with Speaker Michel. I served with Mi-nority Leader Michel, but I wish I had served with Speaker Michel, one of the great Americans with whom I have served. 
I think Bob Michel is the quintessen-
tial example of what a Member of Con-gress ought to be: civil, committed to his party and to his principles, but committed above all to his country and to his family. 
Bob, it was an honor to serve with 
you, and it is an honor to be your friend. Thank you very much for your service. 
To all of you who made this institu-
tion what it is today and those of us who are continuing to make it what it ought to be, we are not doing that job very well, for the most part. Although, I will say this, that Speaker B
OEHNER  
is trying to make that happen and, to the extent that we work together, we do. But it is harder and harder, as you know, because the ideological dif-ferences between the parties have be-come more substantial than they were, certainly when I came here in 1981. 
Jim Blanchard and I served on the 
Financial Services Committee to-gether. It was then the Banking Com-mittee. But we are trying to work to-gether to do what is best for our coun-try. I think the country believes its board of directors is not working near-ly as well as it ought to. 
I want to thank all of you for staying 
engaged and for continuing to send the message to your colleagues, your friends, your neighbors who have great respect for you. And you have some-thing that very few people have. You know, there are only about a little short of 11,000 of us who have served in this House of Representatives since the founding of the Republic, which is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.003 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4438 June 17, 2015 
amazingly small number in a country 
that is now 320 million, give or take, people. 
So it was a wonderful, wonderful 
honor for us to be elected here. As you know, we can’t be appointed to the House of Representatives. 
And as I look around this room on 
both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, so many people with whom I worked very, very closely, positively and productively in the Congress of the United States, it is always a privilege to welcome you back. And, of course, so many of you—Ron Sarasin is a per-manent fixture, of course. We see Ron through his activity on the historic so-ciety working here on a very regular basis to make sure that Americans un-derstand the history and the impor-tance of their Capitol. Ron, thank you very much for that service and that leadership. 
Mr. Chris Shays is coming into the 
Chamber. Hi, Chris. Good to see you. 
Mr. SHAYS. We haven’t voted yet, 
have we? 
Mr. HOYER. Now, there are some of 
you I need—and I am not sure that I would get all of you—but we haven’t voted yet. 
I want to thank all of you for staying 
involved, staying true to the responsi-bility the people gave you; and when you no longer had that responsibility, in terms of being an elected Member of this body, you continued your fidelity to what this body means, particularly this body. I think all of us are very proud that we served, as we all say, in the people’s House. 
This was the House that was designed 
to be most responsive to the passions and the fears and the aspirations and the hopes, the good and the bad, of the American people, where every 2 years we had to re-up. And I think that will never change. It will never change, first of all, because it was a good the-ory. And, secondly, it will never change because the Senators don’t want to give us a free shot at them. So, you know, you have got the principle and then the practical combined in that way. 
But I always enjoy being with you, 
saying hello to you. Certainly my of-fice, which is, as you know, just one floor down here in the Capitol, if we can do anything for any of you at any point of time, if you need a place to hang your jacket or make a telephone call or we have got a conference room that is vacant from time to time, you can use that. It was a privilege and an honor to serve with all of you and to continue to be your friends. God bless you. Thank you very much. 
Let me pay special honor to my 
Maryland colleague, Bev Byron. Jim Moran, I think, and John may be the most recent new Members of the former Members. Maybe some of the rest of you, I think. But Bev Byron and Mike McIntyre. 
Bev Byron and I started out—well, 
she may have been there 1 or 2 years before I was there. But in 1962, we started in the Young Democrats to-
gether. Now, she wants me to sit down. She is saying ‘‘now you are going to meddling.’’ We love you, Bev. I love you. Thank you. 
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Whip, on behalf of 
all of my colleagues here in the U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress, let me say thank you for your loyalty to this group. You always come year after year. You share your wisdom. You give us a sense of what is happening, and you connect we, the former Members, with the current. And it is a great value to all of us. Thank you. 
I now call upon the distinguished 
president of the association, Barbara Kennelly, the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts. 
Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Jim. I was pleased to represent Con-
necticut for 17 years. 
Mr. WALSH. Pardon me. Ms. KENNELLY. All those little 
States up there. 
And thank you, Leader H
OYER , for 
being with us this morning. I can al-ways know where your seniority is be-cause I was one behind you, and you were fortunate and you stayed. 
Anyway, we begin this meeting, and I 
thank everybody who is here with us this morning as we begin this wonder-ful day of former Members. 
We are back in this revered Chamber, 
which we all loved and worked in and had really such an honor to be here, and it is an honor to be here again today to present the 45th annual report of the United States Association of Former Members of Congress. 
I will be joined by some of our col-
leagues in reporting on the activities and projects of our organization since our last report, which was last July. Wait until you see how far we have come even since last year. 
I first would like the Clerk to call 
the roll. 
Mr. Blanchard of Michigan Ms. Buerkle of New York Mr. Bustamante of Texas Ms. Byron of Maryland Mr. Carnahan of Missouri Mr. Carr of Michigan Mr. Clement of Tennessee Ms. Dahlkemper of Pennsylvania Mr. Edwards of Texas Mr. Frey of Florida Mr. Frost of Texas Mr. Gingrey of Georgia Mr. Hertel of Michigan Mr. Hughes of New Jersey Ms. Kennelly of Connecticut Mr. Kolbe of Arizona Mr. Konnyu of California Mr. Lancaster of North Carolina Mr. Lungren of California Mr. McIntyre of North Carolina Mr. Mezvinsky of Iowa Mr. Moore of Kansas Mr. Moran of Virginia Ms. Morella of Maryland Mr. Sarasin of Connecticut Mr. Sarpalius of Texas Mr. Shays of Connecticut Mr. Skaggs of Colorado Mr. Stearns of Florida 
Mr. Sundquist of Tennessee Mr. Tanner of Tennessee Mr. Tierney of Massachusetts Mr. Turner of Texas Mr. Walsh of New York. Mr. WALSH. The Chair announces 
that 34 former Members of Congress have responded to their names. 
Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you all for 
joining us today. 
Our association was chartered by 
Congress, and one requirement of that charter is for us to report once a year to Congress about our activities. Wait until you see how many activities that we have. 
Many of you have joined us for sev-
eral years on this occasion, and there will be numerous programs and projects with which by now many of you have become very familiar. This is a sign of our association’s stability and purpose. 
We are extremely proud of our 45- 
year history, of creating lasting and purposeful programs to teach about Congress and representative govern-ment, and of our ability to take long-standing projects and to expand them and to improve them. We will report on our program in just a minute. 
During our annual meeting today, we 
will honor two of our colleagues with well-deserved recognition. In a few minutes, we will celebrate Lou Frey’s accomplishments with our Lifetime Achievement Award. And later today, during a luncheon in his honor, we will bestow the 2015 Distinguished Service Award to our dear friend, Amo Hough-ton. I certainly hope all of you in at-tendance and those coming later can join us for the luncheon since Amo has been an inspiration and a mentor to so many of us. 
While the ceremony is not going to 
take place right now, I do want to read into the R
ECORD the inscription of the 
plaque Amo Houghton will receive today: 
The 2015 Distinguished Service Award is 
presented by the U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress to Congressman Amo Houghton. 
Congressman Houghton of New York is 
known for his civility, intellect, and compas-sion. Amo valiantly served our country as a United States Marine and for 18 years as a Member of Congress. While serving in Con-gress, Amo was relied upon by both Repub-lican and Democratic Members for his keen mind, unassuming nature, and unquestioned integrity to help find solutions when others only saw impasse. 
He set the standard for good citizenship 
and a commitment to the common good and continues to do so in his support of edu-cational and philanthropic endeavors. He is a voice of reason that continues to resonate with all of those who care deeply about Con-gress and the ideals of representative democ-racy. His colleagues from both sides of the aisle salute him as a distinguished and dedi-cated public servant. 
Washington, D.C. 
Please do join us this afternoon be-
cause I think the luncheon is going to be absolutely wonderful, and I hope you all can attend. I know there are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.006 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4439 June 17, 2015 
others that couldn’t be with us this 
morning that will be with us this noon-time. 
Now, back to our report. Our associa-
tion is bipartisan. It was founded in 1970 and chartered by Congress in 1983. The purpose of the United States Asso-ciation of Former Members of Congress is to promote public service and strengthen democracy, abroad and in the United States. 
About 600 former Members, Senators 
and Representatives, belong to this as-sociation. Republicans, Democrats, and Independents are united in this organi-zation in their desire to teach about Congress and the importance of rep-resentative democracy. 
We are proud to have been chartered 
by Congress, and we are just as proud to take no funding from Congress. All the activities which we are about to de-scribe are financed via membership dues, program-specific grants, spon-sors, or via our fundraising dinner that you are going to hear about very short-ly. 
Our finances are sound, our projects 
fully funded, and our most recent audit by an outside accountant confirmed that we are running our association in a fiscally sound, responsible, and trans-parent manner. 
It has been another successful, ac-
tive, and rewarding year. We have con-tinued our work of serving as a liaison between the current Congress and leg-islatures overseas. We have created partnerships with highly respected in-stitutions in the area of democracy building and election monitoring. We have developed new projects and are expanding others. We, again, have sent dozens of bipartisan teams of former Members of Congress to teach about public service and representative de-mocracy at universities and high schools both in the United States and abroad. 
Our most important domestic under-
taking is teaching America’s next gen-eration about their government and re-sponsibility of citizenship. After our report here in the Chamber this morn-ing, we will inaugurate a new associa-tion project aimed at bringing civic education back to public school class-rooms. The focus on civics has been in-grained in our association’s DNA for over 30 years, most prominently as a part of our Congress to Campus pro-gram. 
I will yield to my good friend, David 
Skaggs of Colorado, who for a number of years, when our association was not able to administer this program on its own, stepped up to the plate and not only kept Congress to Campus going, but expanded it significantly. 
David. Mr. SKAGGS. Thank you very much, 
Barbara. 
I appreciate the opportunity to re-
port on the Congress to Campus pro-gram. Although I have been affiliated with it for a long time, I want to recog-nize the co-chairs of the program who couldn’t be with us this morning, Larry LaRocco of Idaho and Jack Buechner of 
Missouri. They have done a terrific job over the years in moving this program along. 
This program, as many of us have 
participated in it well know, sends bi-partisan teams of former Members to colleges and universities across the country and around the world. It en-gages our Members from all over the country in educating the next genera-tion of leaders about the institution of Congress, the duties and responsibil-ities that we have as Members, and most importantly, the value of public service. 
Since our visits always involve a bi-
partisan team, they demonstrate, I think, pretty well that political debate can and should be respectful, dynamic, and courteous. 
Former Members volunteer their 
time leading classes, meeting with stu-dent leaders, meeting with community organizations, joining with student government meetings—all manner of activities on campus. The schools are encouraged to offer the program to the entire campus community to dem-onstrate how we do our work in the Congress. 
I have gone on many of these trips, 
most recently this spring with our former colleague Pete Smith of Vermont, on a visit to Evergreen State College in Washington State. I was again reminded of how valuable these programs are, and I learned a great deal from exchanges with Pete during the course of that visit. 
Speaking to the students renews our 
hope, I think, in the future of our coun-try, and I hope and believe that Mem-bers will get as much out of this as the students do. 
We are delighted to report this year 
that we added some new schools to the program, as well as returning to many of our old favorites. During the last academic year, we visited over 25 schools, including Abilene Christian, Boston University, Palm Beach State, Tufts University, the U.S. Naval Acad-emy, and Washington State University, to name just a few. Over 40 former Members participated, including sev-eral former Members who just left of-fice last January, so it is great to get them involved very quickly. 
I want to thank everyone who made a 
visit and, most of all, those that have donated their time pro bono to this very important program of the associa-tion. I think Members will tell you that it gives them an opportunity in a very meaningful way to continue their public service. 
I hope all our colleagues, particularly 
those who may not yet have partici-pated in the program, will consider making a visit. It is an opportunity to renew old friendships or make new ones. Maybe, if you can’t make a visit yourself, you can put us in touch with your former alma mater or a school in your old district so that we can take the program there. Sharon Witiw, who is seated to my left, runs the program for the association and can provide all 
the information you may need. 
We especially want to recognize our 
continued relationship with the Sten-nis Center for Public Service and its associate director, Brother Roger. The folks at the Stennis Center have been a fantastic partner in keeping the pro-gram on track, both logistically and fi-nancially. 
We have expanded the program inter-
nationally. There were two delegations to the U.K. in the past year for weeklong visits with hundreds of Brit-ish students. Members participated even in townhall meetings in Britain. I hate to think of how much more fun that is than townhall meetings here. 
It is reported that these visits have 
been one of the highlights of the stu-dents’ semesters, and we want to thank Philip Davies with the British Library in London for all he does to make the program work over there. 
We have also incorporated Congress- 
to-Campus-like activities in a number of other international programs, in-cluding the Congressional Study Group on Germany. With the support of the German Embassy here in Washington, we were able to have a weeklong Con-gress and Bundestag to Campus pro-gram where former Members joined with members of the Bundestag and met with students from dozens of uni-versities in the northeast. 
Last fall, a new program was piloted 
using technology to reach a new con-stituency. Thanks to an in-kind grant from iCohere, we had three 90-minute Congress to Campus webinar sessions to an audience of community colleges across the Nation. 
The webinar platform allowed stu-
dents from all over the country to par-ticipate and ask questions of the bipar-tisan panels of former Members. We are currently adapting the webinar plat-form to also serve high school govern-ment classes around the country and hope to have that program up and run-ning this fall. Please consider partici-pating in one of these programs that do not necessarily involve the 3-day com-mitment of a campus visit. 
The association has also continued to 
support the People to People program, which brings hundreds of high school students to the Capitol to learn about leadership and American Government. Several times over the past year, former Members have keynoted those sessions, and we have heard that many staffers on the Hill were first inspired into public service through their Peo-ple to People experience. 
Thanks to everyone who has helped 
make this program the hallmark pro-gram of the association. An informed and engaged citizenry is absolutely es-sential if our democracy is going to work, and this program really contrib-utes to that end. 
Thank you very much. Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, David. 
Thank you for all you have done for one of our most successful programs. 
I can remember I got excited when I 
heard about these programs, and I real-ly wanted to be part of it. At one time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.007 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4440 June 17, 2015 
Nancy Johnson and I went to Annap-
olis, and I wondered if Annapolis stu-dents would be so interested in two women of age spending 2
1⁄2days with 
them. 
We had the best times, absolutely; 
and I really urge you to go. Nancy and I were always friendly, but it really gives you a chance to spend 2
1⁄2days 
with someone from the other party who you might have known or you might not have known, and you will enjoy it. 
We have another new project, and the 
purpose of the Common Ground Project is to involve citizens in a dialogue about the issues of the day and have a vigorous debate that doesn’t shy away from being partisan but, at the same time, manages to be productive. 
To give you more background on this 
Common Ground Project, I invite my colleague from New York, former Mem-ber Ann Marie Buerkle, to share her re-port. 
Ann Marie. Ms. BUERKLE. Thank you very 
much, Barbara, Mr. Speaker. 
One of the many joys of being active 
with this remarkable, effective associa-tion is that it brings together Repub-licans and Democrats in our many pro-grams, whether it is a part of our board of directors, during our annual meeting and charitable government tour-nament, for panel discussions, as well as other presentations. All that this as-sociation does is bipartisan. Our board is divided evenly between Republicans and Democrats, and our leadership ro-tates between the two parties. 
Currently, our Congress, indeed, our 
country, is going through a period of 
polarization and partisanship. While we don’t leave our political beliefs at the door when participating in association activities, we pride ourselves in cre-ating an environment where an across- the-aisle dialogue is not only possible, but also the norm. We have institu-tionalized this approach in a program that we call the Common Ground Project. 
The purpose of the Common Ground 
Project is to create venues and events where a bipartisan approach can in-volve the public in a dialogue on the issues of the day. Some of our long-standing programs, most importantly the Congress to Campus program we just heard about, already fit neatly into the goals of the Common Ground Project. There are other additional un-dertakings that were specifically cre-ated to further this project. 
We are extremely proud of our part-
nership with the National Archives, which, since 2010, has brought dozens of former Members—again, from both sides of the aisle—together with the public for panel discussions for a pro-ductive as well as a respectful dia-logue. I have been privileged to partici-pate in a number of our Common Ground Project activities, including Congress to Campus, as well as the Na-tional Archives panel series. I believe these dialogues are incredibly impor-
tant. Since our last report to Congress, we 
continue to offer the public a number of opportunities to participate in con-versations about the issues that con-cern our Nation. At the National Ar-chives, former Members held discus-sions about the midterm elections, our current electoral system, and some of the issues that have caused this cur-rent partisan divide. Other public fo-rums included presentations on money in politics, foreign affairs and inter-national trade issues, the U.S. Con-stitution, and the accomplishments of women in leadership. 
As David Skaggs reported earlier, the 
Congress to Campus program included, for the first time, a number of webinars that reached a very specific audience, in this case, community college stu-dents, and gave them an opportunity to interact online with our bipartisan panels of former Members of Congress. After some introductory remarks, most of the webinar time was committed to giving the students an opportunity to ask questions online. We were thrilled with the positive response to this new initiative and believe that this concept will translate into furthering the goals of the Common Ground Project. 
Using modern technology, we can ef-
fectively reach audiences all across the United States of America to engage with them in a meaningful dialogue. This is a wonderful opportunity to demonstrate the great benefit that comes from differing opinions being aired, discussed, and dissected in order to find that common ground. 
We will explore, over the next year, 
additional ways to make use of webinars as a means of bringing the public together with our former Mem-ber teams. Our initial plan includes reaching out to high school audiences, in addition to college students. The program could then be expanded to in-clude other constituencies who would be gathered in front of the computer, again, to participate in a webinar. This would allow us to include, among oth-ers, the VFW, chambers of commerce, and many groups who may not have ac-cess to an in-person discussion. 
There are quite a number of other ac-
tivities that contribute to our Common Ground Project. Unfortunately, the list is too long this morning to include them all here. It is our association’s most important undertaking to re-engage the public in a political dis-course that is productive, respectful, and yields solutions rather than sound bites. 
We, as former Members, can con-
tribute greatly towards a better under-standing of how the important issues of our day play out on Capitol Hill, and I view it as one of the responsibilities that comes with the privilege of having served in Congress. We have an oppor-tunity to bridge the political gap and show the American people that we can have deeply held convictions and still have discussions and debates that find not only the common ground, but also seek solutions. Thank you so much. 
Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Ann 
Marie. And thank you very much for being willing to be active in our asso-ciation and do a number of things for us. 
Ann Marie was on the panel. As you 
know, we have a very close relation-ship with the Archives. And we, our or-ganization and the Archives, had a panel 2 days after election. And this shows that we really can be bipartisan. There were various views that came forth in that discussion, but it was ab-solutely wonderful. We had a full audi-ence. And it just shows that bipartisan-ship can work, even 2 days after elec-tion. Some of us were happy, and some of us weren’t. 
Another example of how powerful and 
productive bipartisanship can be is our annual Congressional Golf Tour-nament. It is chaired by our past presi-dent, Dennis Hertel of Michigan, and by fellow board member Ken Kramer of Colorado. 
I will now yield the floor to Dennis 
Hertel to give us a brief report about our charitable golf tournament. 
Dennis. Mr. HERTEL. Thank you, Barbara. I 
am still more comfortable over here. 
Congratulations, Barbara, on this 
great turnout today. And the annual dinner, what a great success it was, better than ever. You and Jim Walsh have done just fantastic and what you have accomplished for the association. 
Eight years ago, we took a 35-year- 
old tradition, our annual golf tour-nament, which pits Republicans against Democrats, and gave it a new and much bigger mission. We converted it into a charitable golf tournament to aid severely wounded vets returning from the battlefields of Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Our beneficiaries—War-fighter Sports, a program of Disabled Sports USA, and Tee It Up for the Troops—use golf and other sports to help our wounded veterans readjust to life after sustaining severe injuries. They involve the entire family in the sport, and they provide equipment and training. 
Our seventh annual event was held 
last year on July 28 at the Army Navy Country Club. And we have had more Congressmen, active Members, attend our tournament than all of these other golf tournaments that you hear about in Washington, D.C. There might be more in Washington, D.C., than any other place in the country as far as fundraisers, but we have more Members turn out for our cause. 
All together, these tournaments have 
raised over a half million dollars for these outstanding programs. During each of our past tournaments, we have had several dozen current and former Members from both sides of the aisle come together to support our wounded troops that day and throughout the year; and they have met with dozens of wounded warriors, many of whom play in our foursomes. Some double ampu-tees included in their numbers have hit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.008 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4441 June 17, 2015 
further and straighter than a lot of our 
members—certainly me. It is an in-credibly humbling, rewarding, and memorable experience to spend a day in the presence of these inspiring men and women. 
I want to thank everyone in the asso-
ciation, particularly Sharon Witiw, as well as Ken Kramer, our tournament’s co-chair. Sharon just does a tremen-dous job week in and week out working on this all year long, and Ken has just been the mainstay of the program. 
Equally important, I am happy to re-
port we have again secured the leader-ship of two of our most outstanding current Members who are co-chairs to help us lead this effort: Congressman J
IMMY DUNCAN of Tennessee and Con-
gressman G ENE GREEN of Texas. So 
some co-chairmen that many of us have served with have just been tre-mendous in opening up their offices and staff and working with us all the time. 
G
ENE replaces our past Democratic 
co-chair, Mike McIntyre of North Caro-lina. 
Mike, please stand up. We want to 
thank you so much for your hard work as co-chair. 
Mike really put us up on the map and 
got us higher as far as Members’ par-ticipation, and it has really made a great difference. And J
IMMY DUNCAN  
and G ENEGREEN , we just can’t thank 
them enough for what they have been doing and their constant encourage-ment of Members to come and play with us. 
That brings me to the point of our 
former Members. We are having, for the first time in the last few tour-naments, more current Members play in the golf tournament than former Members when we are sponsoring it. So I hope that the great turnout today is an indication of having more people come to our golf tournament. Even if you don’t want to play golf, just come and enjoy the day with our veterans. It is so convenient. It is right here at Army Navy. Don’t worry about your skill level, you know. It is an honor for us to help such an incredibly deserving group in this small way. 
The next tournament will be July 27. 
We call it ‘‘The Members’’ tournament. But unlike the Masters, you don’t need to play at the pro level to have a suc-cessful and enjoyable day. All you have to do is show up and help raise some money. I want to stress that, while this event is called a tournament, no one should be worried about their score or their skill level to participate. I am certainly an example of that. 
This event is 100 percent about help-
ing wounded warriors. Nobody cares what your handicap is. Your individual score is not kept because we have a scramble format, which I am very much in favor of; so, you know, they don’t really know how you did. But if you hit one good, they can use it, in-cluding a putt. 
So both current and former Members 
give it their time and attention. If you only play golf once a year, this should 
be the day you do it. 
So I want to thank all of you so 
much for all the help. And if you can play or if you can bring us a new spon-sor, please let us know. 
Thanks very much. Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Dennis, 
for this report. 
We are so honored that we can play a 
small role in the rehabilitation of these amazing men and women. And as a golfer, I can tell you it doesn’t mat-ter if your handicap is 10 or if your handicap is 27; and I have been both places. And I promise you, in a scram-ble, no matter what Marty Russo does, he doesn’t always win. 
In addition to the domestic programs 
we have just described, our association also has a very active and far-reaching international focus. We conduct pro-grams focused on Europe and Asia; we bring current Members of Congress to-gether with their peers in legislatures overseas; and we work with the Depart-ment of State to talk about representa-tive democracy in our office with audi-ences abroad. To me, this is becoming one of the most important programs. 
As I remember, when I first became 
active in Association of Former Mem-bers, you really did not see many sit-ting Members of Congress. It was our association. We have expanded this, and as a result, a number of Members take part in our organizations that do go abroad and do study things abroad. 
The other day, the German Marshall 
Fund had put out a new report, and Pete put together a get-together. I was so impressed. We had scholars about Germany. We had a very interesting audience as well as the German Mar-shall Fund there. 
But what really impressed me was 
the number of Members—and this was one of the busiest days when they were doing the trade legislation—the Mem-bers that were attending; and even when they had to go out, they came 
back. My feeling is, if we get this new business of having present Members be active in our association, that means they will know our association before they are former Members. 
Psychologically, this is very good be-
cause they bring very new information, but not only that, we are not trying to get them to be Members. After they have left or lost, they know about us. I think this will be very healthy for the organization. 
One of our most valued partners in 
these undertakings is the Canadian As-sociation of Former Parliamentarians. Our friendship with our colleagues in Ottawa goes back to 1987 when a group of former parliamentarians came and visited with us to learn about our asso-ciation and our projects and used the lessons learned to create their own as-sociation in Canada. 
For almost 30 years, we have been 
friends and partners and we are hon-ored to have as our guest today David Daubney, a former member of the Ca-nadian Parliament and an officer of our sister organization. Welcome, David, if you are here this 
morning. Thank you, David. We are so pleased you can be with us. 
I have not had the opportunity, and 
former Members have asked me to go up to Ottawa to join in their big event, like our dinner, and I got into the air-port in Ottawa, and that is the day that they had a very sad bomb scare. 
Very fortunately, I didn’t get out of 
the airport because if I had, I wouldn’t have gotten home for a couple of days because the airport was locked down. I was sorry I couldn’t be there. I thank you for the good times we have had in the past year with the Canadian dele-gation. You are going to hear more about that. 
Via the former Members association, 
I have met with numerous groups of legislators from emerging democracies who have come to Washington for a better understanding of our representa-tive government and our form of de-mocracy. These conversations and meetings are always two-way streets. I have to say that I learn as much, if not more, from our visitors than they do from me. 
Just last month, our association 
hosted at our offices a large group of young professionals from ASEAN, countries including Vietnam and Indo-nesia, and we had a great dialogue about running for office and serving our constituency. 
Our association also has a long- 
standing partnership with a great NGO Legacy International, bringing young professionals from the Middle East and north Africa to the United States. Our most recent group just completed their 6 weeks in Washington. They stay 6 weeks. 
The group is composed of young pro-
fessionals from Morocco and Tunisia. Most of these visitors work in the NGO sector in their countries, and they come to the United States to learn about the interaction between govern-ment and nongovernmental sectors. 
I would like to take this moment to 
thank former Congresswoman Bev Byron because she has been very, very generous in opening up her house to students for dinner, and it is much ap-preciated by the association. 
The goal of this program is to seek a 
better understanding between cultures 
and establish an avenue of dialogue be-tween nations. It is a unique oppor-tunity to create a constructive polit-ical and cultural discourse between the United States and north Africa. I am very proud that our association is part of this vital dialogue. 
In addition to hosting visiting dele-
gations, our association organizes former Member delegations to travel overseas and engage students, govern-ment officials, NGOs, and corporate representatives. You have already heard about the Congress to Campus programs and the very international component that it has. 
We brought the program to numerous 
universities in countries such as Tur-key, the United Kingdom, other over-seas delegations; we call them ExDELs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.009 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4442 June 17, 2015 
We have traveled to countries where a 
dialogue is often difficult, but nonethe-less incredibly important—for example, China, a country to which we have now sent seven ExDELs over the past 4 years. 
In addition to these former Member 
international programs, our associa-tion supports Congress’ international outreach in a meaningful, productive, and bipartisan way via our congres-sional study groups. These are all pro-grams that involve current Members of Congress, and I now invite my good friend and my predecessor, and I thank Connie for helping me begin my presi-dency, and I enjoyed her presidency, Connie Morella. 
Ms. MORELLA. Thank you, Madam 
President. Thank you very much, Bar-bara. I just want to say it has been great working side by side with you for the 2 years when you were vice presi-dent, and you are doing a great job. It is nice to continue to be involved with all the wonderful programs that the former Members offer. 
I appreciate the opportunity to brief-
ly speak to you about the work of Con-gressional Study Groups on Germany, Japan, Turkey, and Europe. They are flagship international programs of the former Members of Congress for over three decades. The study groups are independent, bipartisan legislative ex-changes for current Members of Con-gress and their senior staff, and they serve as educational forums and in-valuable tools for international dia-logue with the goal of creating better understanding and cooperation be-tween the United States and its most important strategic and economic part-ners. 
Each study group has a membership 
roster of between 75 and 125 Members of Congress, current Members of Con-gress, and is led by a bipartisan, bi-cameral pair of co-chairs. I want to ac-knowledge the service of all of our co- chairs for their hard work and dedica-tion to these critical programs, and I hope they are watching. 
The Congressional Study Group on 
Germany is led by Senator J
EFFSES-
SIONS , Senator J EANNE SHAHEEN , Rep-
resentative C HARLIE DENT, and Rep-
resentative T EDDEUTCH . 
The Congressional Study Group on 
Japan is led by Senator M AZIE HIRONO , 
Senator L ISAMURKOWSKI , Representa-
tive D IANA DEGETTE , and Representa-
tive B ILLY LONG. 
The Congressional Study Group on 
Turkey is led by Representative G ERRY  
CONNOLLY and Representative E DWHIT-
FIELD . 
The Congressional Study Group on 
Europe is led by Senator J OHN BOOZ-
MAN, Senator C HRIS MURPHY , Rep-
resentative J EFF FORTENBERRY , and 
Representative P ETER WELCH . 
Our co-chairs are true leaders, who 
not only serve in their role at official study group events, but are also called on by various embassies and countless outside organizations to speak on pan-els, attend roundtables, and meet with visiting delegations. The study group model focuses on 
high-level dialogue on pressing issues surrounding security, energy, trade questions, and financial questions that affect our key bilateral and multilat-eral relationships with our partners abroad. 
Programming celebrates active dis-
cussion among all participants, avoid-ing lengthy speeches or formal presen-tations, in order to create the kind of atmosphere that promotes personal connections. We believe that the net-work of peers created via our programs have acted to renew and expand areas of mutual cooperation. 
The congressional study groups are 
not the only program dedicated to this mission, but they are unique in their year-round outreach to Capitol Hill. Unlike other formats, we provide long- lasting staff support and maintain a well-respected reputation as inde-pendent and nonadvocacy. 
As a result, our network attracts a 
large, diverse groups of legislators and policymakers who are committed to international dialogue more broadly and don’t have to shy away from our programming lest they be asked to sup-port a particular policy position. What is most important for us is that they join the discussion. 
A few highlights from the discussion 
in the last 12 months include the 31st Annual Congress-Bundestag Seminar hosted by Representative C
HARLIE  
DENT in Pennsylvania’s 15th Congres-
sional District in September 2014; the 32nd Annual Congress-Bundestag Sem-inar hosted by our German counter-parts in Berlin, Dresden, and Leipzig in May 2015; the 2nd Annual Congres-sional Member Study Group tour to Japan in February 2015; three senior congressional staff study tours to Ger-many in partnership with the Embassy of Germany; one senior congressional staff study tour to Japan, which visited Tokyo, Fukushima, and Hiroshima; and 21 high-level roundtables here in Washington, D.C. 
That is quite a list of very important 
meetings and study groups and trips. The work of the congressional study groups is complemented by our diplo-matic advisory council. Initially fo-cused on European nations, the diplo-matic advisory council is now com-prised of four dozen ambassadors from six continents who advise and partici-pate in our programming. 
Their interest and commitment to 
multilateral dialogue is a valued addi-tion to the congressional study groups and provides a valuable outreach be-yond our four core study groups. 
In the past year, we have also formed 
the congressional staff advisory coun-cil. As former Members of Congress, we know the value of good staff. I always say my rod and my staff, they com-forted me and prepared the papers for me in the presence of my constituents. 
The staff advisory council formally 
recognizes the mutually beneficial re-lationships we have in offices across Capitol Hill. We are very grateful for the staff who participate in and sup-
port our programming, as we are for the Members of Congress. 
Finally, I want to thank the institu-
tions, foundations, and companies which support our mission. We would like to give particular thanks to Admi-ral Dennis Blair, Ms. Junko Chano of Sasakawa Peace Foundation USA, and Dr. Karen Donfried and Ms. Maia Comeau of the German Marshall Fund for their support as our international funders of the congressional study groups in 2015. 
The congressional study groups are 
also grateful for the support of the international business community here in Washington, D.C., represented by each study group’s business advisory council. I am going to briefly mention the companies of the 2015 business ad-visory council because they are the supporters. We do not get any money from Congress, and so it is those people who care very much about the work of the former Members’ international pro-grams. 
They are Allianz, All Nippon Air-
ways, Airbus Group, B. Braun Medical, Central Japan Railway Company, Cheniere Energy, Daimler, Deutsche Telekom, DHL, Fresenius, Hitachi, Honda, Lufthansa German Airlines, Marubeni America Corporation, Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsui, Rep-resentative of German Industry and Trade, Sojitz, Toyota Motor North America, United Parcel Service, and Volkswagen of America. 
Because of their support, our activi-
ties not only help to build vital bilat-eral relationships between legislatures, but also build bipartisan relationships within our own Congress. Mutual un-derstanding and shared experiences among legislators are crucial to solv-ing pressing problems, whether at home or abroad. 
As former Members of Congress, we 
are proud to bring the important serv-ices provided by the congressional study groups to our colleagues still in office, and we are very proud to play an active role in our continued inter-national outreach. 
Thank you very much. Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Connie. 
In addition to these substantive and 
issue-specific international projects, our association also offers its members the opportunity to participate in group travel where our staff puts together the logistics and participating mem-bers assume all the costs. These trips are unique because they combine a tourist experience with more formal meetings that involve current and former government officials in the country we are visiting. 
I will now yield to my good friend 
from North Carolina, Martin Lan-caster, to report on his combined dele-gation. 
Mr. LANCASTER. Thank you, Bar-
bara. 
For the 2014 fall study group, a con-
tingent of former Members visited the beaches of Normandy, as well as World 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Jun 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.011 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4443 June 17, 2015 
War I battlefields in northern France 
and Belgium. The trip was to com-memorate those troops who gave their lives during World War I and World War II on the 100th and 70th anniver-saries of those horrible wars. The group of former Members and their spouses were privileged to share this moving experience with a group of former members from the Canadian Par-liament and their spouses. This was our first and what we hope will be many joint study tours with our friends to the north. 
At the opening reception in Paris, 
the two groups of former legislators first learned how their nations’ sac-rifices had a direct impact on the lives of Europeans when a friend of a former Member recounted her story of how her family was liberated by the Allies dur-ing the war. 
After gathering in Paris, the group 
traveled to Normandy, first to Juno Beach, where the Canadian military landed for the D-Day invasion. It was an incredible experience to explore a German bunker and to walk the beach-es where young Canadian soldiers land-ed 70 years ago. The following day the group spent a day on the Utah and Omaha beaches in the sands where the U.S. military landed, and we were hum-bled by the staggering number of losses reflected in the cemetery for the Amer-ican soldiers. 
The former Members held a moving 
wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and spent quite some time walking around the grounds and reflecting on the sacrifices made by so many. 
While in the Normandy region, our 
group was treated to the hospitality of Count Denis de Kergorlay of Canisy at his chateau, which has been in his fam-ily’s possession since the 11th century. The Count has been a friend and part-ner of our association for over 10 years, and many of you have had a chance to meet him during our Statesmanship Awards Dinners where, since 2004, he so generously has offered a four-night stay at this magnificent chateau at auction for our fundraising. I certainly want to thank him on behalf of the as-sociation for his many years of support and friendship. 
Staying at Chateau de Canisy is like 
stepping back in time. This welcoming and memorable location provided a warm atmosphere for the national bor-ders and the party affiliations within our international group to completely fade away. Each evening during dinner, conversations revealed our shared ex-periences as legislators and the moving common history of World War I and World War II. One special night, Count de Kergorlay treated us to a musical performance at the chateau thoroughly enjoyed by all who attended and hailed as one of the highlights of the trip. 
The final two days of the trip were 
spent in northern France and Belgium, and the focus pivoted toward World War I. En route, we stopped briefly at the Normandy Museum in Cannes. A brief detour was made to Hallu, a small 
village in northern France where the recent discovery of the identity of sev-eral World War I soldiers in the back-yard of a home there revealed they were from the same regiment as the president of the Canadian Association of Former Parliamentarians, Leo Duguay, who was traveling with us. The group gathered in the home’s backyard for a moving wreath-laying ceremony and flag presentation. After-wards, the group was entertained at the mayor’s office in Hallu. 
Upon arriving in northern France, 
the group visited Vimy Ridge and the Canadian National Vimy Ridge Memo-rial, where we toured the trenches and learned about the pivotal battle that occurred in 1917 when the Canadians lost more soldiers than any battle in their history. 
We also spent a few hours visiting 
the interactive Flanders Field Museum in Ypres, Belgium, which is an incred-ibly marvelous educational experience. The last event of the trip was partici-pating in a ceremony in the town of Ypres at the Menin Memorial Gate to the Missing, where every night at 8 p.m. for the last 100 years, the road is closed and buglers sound ‘‘The Last Post’’ in memory of those whose graves are unknown. This was followed by a wreath-laying ceremony by a number of organizations, including our own. What a breathtaking way to conclude our travels. 
This fall we are planning to travel to 
Havana, Cuba, for our study tour. There is such interest by our member-ship in this destination that we will offer a second trip in January. While our Canadian friends cannot join us in October, we would love to partner with them again maybe for the one in Janu-ary because it was a great pleasure to get to know them and to form these friendships across the border. 
Thank you, Barbara. Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Martin. The experience you had in Normandy 
with our friends from Canada certainly was extraordinary, and I have heard all about it. I am sorry I had to miss it, but I am signed up for the Cuba trip. 
All of the programs you have heard 
about clearly require funding, and we have been very successful in growing our fundraising capabilities along with our programming. The most impactful single fundraising mechanism we have created is the Annual Statesmanship Awards Dinner. In March of this year, we hosted our 18th dinner. And just like the preceding 17, it was chaired by our good friend, Lou Frey of Florida. Lou was supported by a number of other co-chairs, including me, former Members Dennis Hertel, Martin Frost, and our association CEO, Pete Weichlein. I would like to invite Lou Frey to report on the highly successful 18th Statesmanship Awards Dinner, and I think you realize that Lou has been chairman of all of the 18 dinners we have had. 
Lou Frey. Mr. FREY. Barbara, thank you for all 
of the hard work you have put in. We have had many, many people working on this. This is an absolute great way to explain to your kids in terms of doing something. If you are going to do it, make sure you are going to be able to carry it through because this start-ed with an idea of raising maybe $100,000, if that. We had no other source, we were going basically broke over a period of time. The idea, though, grew on its own. Not because of me. It didn’t grow because of me, but it grew because each and every one of you, we are all winners. We are all people who succeeded in the toughest market going, and it has been just a wonderful 
thing to see how it has grown and how many people are now involved in it. 
I just messed up someone’s long, hard 
work in terms of what I said. But, Pete, you never thought I would stick to the script. No, I knew you wouldn’t think that. 
The last dinner, we had over 500 tick-
ets sold. We raised more money than any of the preceding 17 dinners. It was just incredible. We had wonderful peo-ple up on the stage. We have decided to go ahead and present the next dinner under a theme of Salute to Service where we have different people in-volved in this process like we did the last time, like with Bob Dole’s, and that will be the next one. 
The highlight of the evening, I think, 
came when they had the debate or dis-cussion, but the evening is a wonderful way to showcase our association and recognize outstanding public service. That is the whole basis of the dinner. If it makes it, we are in great shape. If it blows it, we are in bad shape. It is pret-ty black and white. We have a good base. I am looking forward to doing it. I would like to say and put it on the record, this is not Federal money. This is not government money. This is our money that we are using. It is money that is reaching out where nobody can criticize it. It came admittedly from an idea that I had to start with, and it is an idea that has really worked. 
I think I ought to give you a little in-
formation about next year’s dinner. I know we are looking at the clock, but I have more information about next year’s dinner that you ought to know about. Again, it will be at the Mellon Auditorium on Constitution Avenue. What a great place to have a meeting, and we are going to do it there again. The theme of the 2016 dinner will be to honor individuals and entities who are actively supporting our men and women in uniform. Most all of us are involved in that. I am involved in Flor-ida with a particular golf tournament that puts money back in through the program by playing golf. Dennis Hertel was here and talked about the tremen-dous job he is doing. Remember, we are raising this money. It is our money. That is the money that is going in. 
The 19th dinner will be a different ex-
perience for me because it will be the first one in 19 years where I can actu-ally sit back and relax. It has been my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.012 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4444 June 17, 2015 
special pleasure to work for the last 18 
years to make this annual dinner the great success it has become. I have been able to enjoy a recent event, tak-ing the family to Montana for awhile and spending time with kids whose names I now recognize, and one of them is here today. The dinner is an important event, and obviously we are not going to let the association down. I am not walking away, but 18 years, in all fairness, I have put some time in. 
What we are doing in the event, and 
part of the event, is allowing the asso-ciation to get the money we need so the association can fill all these great programs. But again, let me say again just in case you haven’t heard me, if we don’t raise the money with nongovern-mental money, we are broke. Okay, just so we are all on the same page. Moving forward, I am going to do what I can while I am still able to do, and we have a great team. We have a great bunch of people working on it. It is nice to think they need me, but they really don’t need me. In one sense, we’re all part of it, however. We are turning over a machine that is really well oiled and can work well, a ma-chine that knows how to do it, and it knows when to call out to people when something isn’t going quite as well as it should. But that never happens with this. 
Basically, I just want to also say that 
I can’t tell you what an incredible feel-ing of involvement, of joy, of sorrow, continuing feeling that my life is bet-ter because of each and every one of you who I have been able to work with and we all have been trying to work with. We are doing God’s work. We are putting back into what we have in this country. We will never put back 100 percent, but it really is part of it. So when we come to the 19th dinner, we have somebody rooting like heck for you on the sideline. But it is going to take people continuing to be involved. Thank you, thank you, thank you again. 
Ms. KENNELLY. Thank you, Lou. I can’t even imagine chairing 18 din-
ners. But I will say I might not miss Lou Frey’s calls when he tells me I haven’t done a good enough job. 
But Lou, you are not leaving us. In 
recognition of your 18 years chairing the Statesmanship Awards Dinner, and in recognition of your service on our board of directors for almost two dec-ades, and in recognition of the great contributions you made to the organi-zation as its president, the board of di-rectors and the members of the United States Association of Former Members of Congress wish to bestow upon you our Lifetime Achievement Award. 
There is no plaque large enough to 
hold all of the accolades you deserve based upon your service to this coun-try, first in our military, then in Con-gress, and currently leading the charge to restore civic education in our Na-tion’s classrooms. Your initiative on behalf of civic education is the founda-tion upon which we are basing a new association program, the Lou Frey 
Forum on Civic Engagement, which will translate the tremendous strides you have achieved in Florida into a na-tionwide effort utilizing our former Members network across the country. 
I, therefore, cannot overstate how ap-
preciative the leadership and member-ship of our organization are for all you have done for us, particularly as chair-man of the Statesmanship Awards Din-ner for 18 years. This Lifetime Achieve-ment Award is one way we wish to rec-ognize your tremendous service. 
Also, we want to tell you there is 
going to be a Lou Frey Civics Scholar-ship, which will benefit a student at Winter Park High School, just a couple miles from your home. For the next 3 years, a graduating student who has taken AP civics and is accepted at a community college or university will receive a $1,000 scholarship in your name to help defray his or her college costs. 
Lou, this Lifetime Achievement 
Award is highly deserved, and the plaque reads as follows: 
This Lifetime Achievement Award is be-
stowed upon the Honorable Lou Frey, Jr., for his exemplary and inspiring service to his country as well as to the United States Asso-ciation of Former Members of Congress. Lou Frey’s public service began in the United States Navy in 1955 and culminated in a po-litical career that spanned over three dec-ades. He represented his Florida constituents with dedication, integrity, and dynamism. His optimism and can-do attitude never di-minished in his post-congressional career, and transformed our association during his years as president, board member, and Statesmanship Awards Dinner chairman. For his lifetime of bringing about positive change, his friends and colleagues from both sides of the political aisle salute him. 
Thank you, Lou. 
Mr. FREY. Some of my family is 
here, and I want to thank them. 
I am especially pleased to have my 
good friend and former chief of staff, Oscar Juarez, and his wife, Nancy, here representing those who made our con-gressional office a happy and produc-tive place to work. 
It really was. What a great oppor-
tunity. 
Ms. KENNELLY. I also want to 
thank the many partners and sup-porters that made this possible. We are truly lucky to have this assembled group of corporations and foundations that believe in our work. 
Also, I would be remiss if I did not 
thank the other members of our asso-ciation’s executive board: our vice president, Jim Walsh; treasurer, Mar-tin Frost; secretary, Mary Bono; and our past president, Connie Morella. You have all made this association a stronger and better organization than it was ever before. I thank you for your time and energy. To administer all of these programs takes a staff of dedi-cated and enthusiastic professionals. 
I am going to quickly mention them. 
They are wonderful. 
Sean Pavlik is part of the inter-
national team and runs our Congres-sional Study Group on Japan. Unfortu-nately, we are losing Sean. He is pur-
suing an MBA at the University of Michigan, and we wish him the best. 
Rachel Haas is our CEO’s right-hand 
person, runs the entire office, makes sure that our money is spent appro-priately and wisely, and played a huge role in making our Statesmanship Awards Dinner such a beautiful and memorable event. 
Andrew Shoenig, our associate direc-
tor of international programs, started out as an intern with us about 4 years ago and now is the linchpin in our in-credibly successful program focusing on Germany, the EU, and all of the Ambassadors who participate in our Diplomatic Advisory Council. 
Sharon Witiw, our domestic program 
director, oversees the smooth oper-ations of projects such as the Congress to Campus program. She also is the one who keeps our membership updated through our Web site, email notifica-tions, and the year-end newsletter. 
Sabine Schleidt is our managing di-
rector, who spends most of her time on the current Member international pro-grams, but also a lot of hours on imple-menting the strategic vision and fund-raising goals. 
And Peter Weichlein. Peter, you are, to me, the most out-
standing chief executive officer. 
Peter has been with our association 
for 16 years. I am old enough for any-thing, but I am old enough to remem-ber before Peter, and this organization has come so, so far. He keeps his enthu-siasm. His staff is not that large. It is amazing that they can have all these programs and all these success. Peter is wonderful to work with. 
Like many of you, I have been on 
many boards. In fact, for the last 9 years, I ran a board and had to report to a board of directors. Peter is excep-tional. He keeps the board happy; he keeps the staff happy; and he never stops working. We are, indeed, fortu-nate to have Peter as our chief execu-tive officer. 
Also, every year at our annual meet-
ing, we ask the membership to elect new officers and board members. I therefore will now read the names of the candidates for board members and officers. They are all running unop-posed. I ask for a single ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay’’ as I present to you the list of can-didates as a slate. 
For the association’s board of direc-
tors: 
Dave Camp of Michigan Jim Coyne of Pennsylvania Barbara Kennelly of Connecticut Ken Kramer of Colorado Ray LaHood of Illinois Jim Matheson of Utah Jim Moran of Virginia Jim Slattery of Kansas Karen Thurman of Florida. 
All in favor of electing these former 
Members to our board of directors, please say, ‘‘aye.’’ Any opposed? Hear-ing none, the board has been elected. 
Next, we will elect our executive 
committee. As president, I serve 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.013 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4445 June 17, 2015 
years. I have already done 1 and will 
end my term in 2016. However, the other three elected members of the ex-ecutive board are up for reelection for a 1-year term. 
The candidates are: 
Jim Walsh of New York for vice 
president 
Martin Frost of Texas for treasurer Mary Bono of California for sec-
retary. 
All in favor of electing these three 
former Members of our executive com-mittee, please say, ‘‘yea.’’ Any op-posed? Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by this membership. 
The executive board is completed by 
Connie Morella, who is an unelected of-ficer in her capacity as immediate past president. 
Now it is my sad duty to inform the 
Congress of those former and current Members who have passed away since our last report in July. I ask all of you, including the visitors in the gallery, to rise as I read the names. At the end of the list, we will pay our respect to their memory with a moment of si-lence. We honor these men and women for their service to our country. They are: 
Donald Albosta of Michigan Bruce Alger of Texas Herman Badillo of New York Edward Brooke of Massachusetts M. Caldwell Butler of Virginia Thomas Cass Ballenger of North 
Carolina 
Don H. Clausen of California Phil Crane of Illinois Lane Evans of Illinois Bill Frenzel of Minnesota Robert Griffin of Michigan George Hansen of Idaho Herbert Harris of Virginia Jim Jeffords of Vermont Robert W. Kastenmeier of Wisconsin John Krebs of California Arch A. Moore, Jr., of West Virginia John M. Murphy of New York John T. Myers of Indiana Alan Nunnelee of Mississippi Peter Peyser of New York Marge Roukema of New Jersey Fernando J. St. Germain of Rhode Is-
land 
Robert Tiernan of Rhode Island James A. Traficant of Ohio Jim Wright of Texas C.W. Bill Young of Florida Please observe a moment of silence. That concludes the 45th report to 
Congress by the United States Associa-tion of Former Members of Congress. We thank the Congress, the Speaker, and the minority leader for giving us the opportunity to return to this re-vered Chamber and to report on our as-sociation’s activities. We look forward to another active and productive year. 
Thank you. Mr. WALSH. The Chair again wishes 
to thank all former Members of the House for their presence and this con-tinuing commitment to this high call-ing of public service. 
Before terminating the proceedings, 
the Chair would like to invite those former Members who did not respond 
when the roll was called to give their names to the Reading Clerk for inclu-sion on the roll. 
This concludes our meeting today. 
We stand adjourned. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We strive to be one Nation, indivis-
ible, constant in vigilance, and seeking liberty and justice for all. Because we are too weak to find total accomplish-ment in these things, we place our trust in You. Help us to be a virtuous people, responsible for upholding the sound principles that brought our country into being. 
May law and order not only be words 
echoing in the halls of government and the courts of this land but words de-scribing how all Americans live out their citizenship and ownership of the commonwealth of our great Nation. 
Bless the Members of this people’s 
House, who have been entrusted by their constituents to usher an ever greater future into existence in our land. May they model for all Ameri-cans class, openness, and honesty in the work they do. 
May everything done here this day be 
for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. H AHN) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
REPEAL MEDICAL DEVICE TAX 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my support for bipar-tisan legislation before the House, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015, to permanently repeal the onerous medical device tax. 
This medical device tax has con-
demned our manufacturers of medical devices in the United States to less competition and being less competitive throughout the world. These manufac-turers are now competing with one arm tied behind their backs because of this onerous tax. It has had serious con-sequences across this great land for companies—job losses, jobs moving overseas, less innovation, and fewer products coming to market. 
This morning was another great ex-
ample of that because I got word that the largest medical manufacturer in my district, Welch Allyn, was just bought out. Those jobs are now in jeop-ardy, hundreds and hundreds of well- paying jobs. They did this strictly be-cause they couldn’t compete at their size because of all of the things that were against them, including the med-ical device tax. 
There is no question that the medical 
device tax played a role in their having to sell, and there is no question that the medical device tax has now put hundreds of well-paying jobs in jeop-ardy in central New York. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in re-
pealing this onerous tax. 
f 
SONS AND DAUGHTERS IN TOUCH 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Sons and Daughters In Touch, an organization which supports and con-nects children whose parents were killed in battle, called Gold Star Chil-dren. 
Sons and Daughters In Touch was 
founded by my friend Tony Cordero, who lost his father in Vietnam when he was just 2 years old. This past Monday, I laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Un-known Soldier in Arlington Cemetery and visited the grave of Tony’s father, William. 
Thousands of families rely on Sons 
and Daughters In Touch to help them through the process of healing and to honor the memory of their moms and dads. Sons and Daughters In Touch will celebrate its 25th anniversary this Fa-ther’s Day, with a remembrance at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. 
We have a shared responsibility to 
care for the children whose parents have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. I have introduced a reso-lution in honor of Sons and Daughters In Touch, recognizing the importance of this organization and the strength of the families it represents. 
f 
MARRIAGE 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.014 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4446 June 17, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, with the 
Supreme Court about to rule on the legal definition of marriage, I rise in support of States like Pennsylvania that have defined marriage as between a man and a woman. 
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 
was founded on religious tolerance by William Penn. In Europe, whoever was most popular and powerful in a given place and time tried to force minorities to violate their beliefs, and that was why so many different groups of people came to America and particularly to Pennsylvania, religious minorities such as the Quakers, the Amish, the Mennonites, the Moravians, and others. 
Philadelphia has the most syna-
gogues per capita of any city in the United States. Pittsburgh and Harris-burg also have significant Jewish popu-lations. Pennsylvania continues the tradition of respecting each other, even when they disagree. 
We hear a lot of talk about diversity 
these days, but many of those same people who tell us they want diversity are also trying to force their views on others by law. States that, through the 
democratic process, have defined mar-riage should not be overridden by five Federal unelected judges. 
f 
FUND THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES 
OF HEALTH 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, globally, 
the National Institutes of Health works to protect against bioterrorist attacks and disease outbreaks. Domes-tically, its groundbreaking research provides treatments and cures for dev-astating diseases, such as Alzheimer’s and cancer; and the more than 400,000 jobs provided through the National In-stitutes of Health bolster our economy. 
However, when we account for infla-
tion, funding for the National Insti-tutes of Health peaked in 2003. This budgetary reality has forced the NIH to administer fewer competitive research grants, to admit fewer new patients to its clinical trials, and to ultimately fall behind in scientific discoveries. 
Mr. Speaker, America cannot afford 
to continue to underfund the National Institutes of Health. This is why I started the House NIH Caucus with Representatives R
OSA DELAURO and 
PETER KING. I urge my colleagues to 
join us as we work together to develop a plan to increase the purchasing power of the National Institutes of Health. The time to act is now. 
f 
MEN’S HEALTH WEEK 
(Mr. MULLIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, men don’t 
usually like to talk about their health, but the well-being of every man in the United States is an important topic. Mr. Speaker, this week is National 
Men’s Health Week, a time when we have the opportunity to have a serious conversation about our health. 
Despite advances in medical tech-
nology and research, men continue to live an average of 5 years less than women. Even more, men are less likely than women to seek preventative care. As a co-chair of the bipartisan Congres-sional Men’s Health Caucus, I am also committed to teaching our youth the importance of eating right and getting exercise. 
As we celebrate this week, Mr. 
Speaker, I encourage all husbands, brothers, fathers, sons, uncles—and we may even need to have a talk with our-selves—to make sure that we are tak-ing the steps to stay healthy. 
f 
IRAN SANCTIONS 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about one of the great-est security threats that our Nation and world face today, the threat of a nuclear Iran. 
I greatly respect all of the hard work 
that the White House, the State De-partment, and the Department of En-ergy have put forth in developing the framework for a Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and I strongly urge them to con-tinue these negotiations over the com-ing weeks. It is vitally important that the U.S. employ every means of diplo-matic persuasion at their disposal in order to reach a peaceful resolution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nu-clear weapon. 
I would also like to encourage all of 
the negotiating partners to ensure that a final agreement includes the fol-lowing: unfettered inspections and a verification system, the disclosure of Iran’s past military actions in pursuing a nuclear weapon, gradual sanctions re-lief that progresses only as Iran meets its obligations under the agreement, long-term nuclear weapons prevention, and the dismantlement of current nu-clear infrastructure. 
This agreement represents a turning 
point towards peace in the security of Israel, of the U.S., and of the world. Let’s make sure we seize this historic opportunity. 
f 
LACROIX: FRANCO AMERICAN OF 
THE YEAR 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize an individual from Manchester, New Hampshire, who has been named Franco American of the Year. 
Gerald Cardinal Lacroix was born in 
Quebec but moved to New Hampshire while still a young boy. Lacroix at-tended Catholic schools in Manchester, 
and he continued his studies at Saint Anselm College before receiving de-grees in theology from Laval Univer-sity in Quebec. 
In 1975, he entered religious life by 
joining the Pius X Secular Institute. Ordained a priest in 1988, Father Lacroix served as a missionary in Co-lombia. He then returned to North America and was elected as director general of the institute. 
Consecrated as a bishop in 2009, 
Lacroix began his service as an auxil-iary bishop of the Archdiocese of Que-bec. Two years later, he succeeded as archbishop of Quebec and primate of Canada, receiving his pallium from Pope Benedict XVI. Most recently, Pope Francis elevated Lacroix to the College of Cardinals, appointing him a cardinal-priest in Rome. 
This is a tremendous accomplish-
ment. On behalf of the Granite State, we are all proud of Cardinal Lacroix’s accomplishments. He is truly worthy of the title ‘‘Franco American of the Year.’’ 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, in 2 
weeks, at a time when every American has anxiety about the economy and is wondering how he is going to make ends meet, in 2 weeks, the Export-Im-port Bank, absent action by this Con-gress, will be allowed to expire and cost this country and our economy hun-dreds of thousands of jobs. 
For the R
ECORD , let me read a com-
ment by the President: 
Exports create and sustain jobs for mil-
lions of American workers and contribute to the growth and strength of the United States’ economy. The Export-Import Bank contributes in a significant way to our Na-tion’s export sales. 
That is a comment from the Presi-
dent, President Ronald Reagan. 
This is not an ideological debate be-
tween thoughtful participants in the legislative process. There are extreme voices for ideological purposes on the far right that oppose the Export-Im-port Bank and its work, but a majority of this Congress and a majority of the American people would like to see it reauthorized. 
We were sent here to do the people’s 
work, and I think it is long past time for the majority of Congress to have its voice heard and for the majority of the American people to have its interests represented. 
We should reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank and save hundreds of thousands of American jobs. 
f 
REPEAL THE INDEPENDENT 
PAYMENT ADVISORY BOARD 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.017 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4447 June 17, 2015 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
the House will consider legislation to repeal another burdensome part of ObamaCare, the Independent Payment Advisory Board, also known as IPAB. 
IPAB is tasked with finding ways to 
curb spending in Medicare, but in re-ality, it will ration care and cut serv-ices. While Medicare continues to eat up more of the budget and is in need of commonsense reforms, relying on a group of unelected bureaucrats is the absolute wrong thing to do. 
Any reforms we make to health care 
should focus on three core ideas. One, strengthen the relationship between the doctor and the patient so they can work together to make healthcare de-cisions—what we don’t need is a bu-reaucrat from Washington creating a wall between a patient and his physi-cian; two, to drive down costs, we have to focus on market-oriented reforms, like making coverage portable across State lines and removing the indi-vidual and employer mandates; three, finally, we have to incentivize the use of health savings accounts to pay for routine and preventative care. 
Repealing the IPAB is an important 
step in reining in an out-of-control bu-reaucracy, controlling the ballooning costs of health care, and returning healthcare decisions to patients and their doctors. 
f 
b1215 
JUNE IS ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, the 
strength of our communities depends on the health and well-being of our families. Unfortunately, millions of families across our Nation, including thousands in Arizona, are impacted by Alzheimer’s and dementia. 
June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Aware-
ness Month. It is my hope that we can come together—Republicans and Demo-crats—and commit to give researchers the resources they need to combat Alz-heimer’s and other diseases, but also to make sure patients and families have the care and support they need. 
Policies like paid leave, caregiver 
support, workforce training, and long- term care options must be expanded if we truly want to make a difference in the fight against Alzheimer’s. These policies are especially important for women and communities of color. His-panics are 1.5 times as likely to have Alzheimer’s as their White counter-parts, and African Americans are twice as likely. 
Studies have also demonstrated that 
socioeconomic factors play a role in the disparities of Alzheimer’s. This is completely unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, in America your health and the health of your family should not depend on your income or your ZIP Code. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to ensure all American fam-ilies—including those affected by Alz-
heimer’s and dementia—have access to the support and care they deserve. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION 
ACT OF 2015 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am rising today in support of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015. What this will do is repeal the de-vice tax. 
Now, the device tax, the medical de-
vice tax, was a misplaced and disas-trous tax that was put in as an ObamaCare mandate. What it will do is tax the medical device industry and those who utilize those components. 
This is an industry that doesn’t need 
to be taxed. It employs more than 400,000 workers nationwide and gen-erates $25 billion in payroll. In my State of Tennessee, there are 10,000 in-dividuals who work in this industry, and the Manhattan Institute estimates that unless we repeal this tax and get it off the books now, we will lose 1,000 of those jobs. That is a 10 percent re-duction in a component, a part of the economy that generates good paying jobs, 40 percent higher than other man-ufacturing jobs. 
I ask my colleagues to join me. Let’s 
repeal the medical device tax. 
f 
NOW IS THE TIME FOR 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to speak on the importance of con-tinuing the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals, otherwise known as DACA. This week marks the third an-niversary of this action, DACA, an ini-tiative that brings hundreds of thou-sands of aspiring, young Americans who were brought to the U.S. as chil-dren, through no fault of their own, out of the shadows. 
These individuals want to work hard 
for a chance at the American Dream without fear of being torn away from their families. They want to be produc-tive and contributing members of soci-ety. This program has allowed a seg-ment of our population who are already a part of the American fabric to keep using their talents to move our coun-try forward. They are an integral part of our society already. 
The bottom line is: we need a long- 
term fix for our broken immigration system. We need comprehensive immi-gration reform and an act of Congress, which is the only way we can currently fix this failing system. 
Now is the time for bipartisan, hu-
mane, permanent, comprehensive im-migration reform. It is time we take action. MEDICARE ADVANTAGE IS A 
VITAL PROGRAM 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my support for Medi-care Advantage. Fifteen million Ameri-cans choose Medicare Advantage. Medi-care Advantage has been successful for its enrollees. I stand with those sen-iors, including many in my district, who support this program. Medicare Advantage ought to be touted. Its focus on preventative medicine means healthier seniors and less healthcare spending. 
Today and tomorrow, the House will 
consider a number of bills to strength-en Medicare, and in particular Medi-care Advantage. I have 180,000 seniors in my district, and I know these pieces of legislation are important to them. 
Traditional Medicare and Medicare 
Advantage are vital programs for our seniors, and I am hopeful we will see a strong bipartisan vote on all these bills. It is time to come together and support successful programs that har-ness the power of the free market. 
f 
DACA HAS GIVEN A LIFELINE TO 
DREAMERS 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to mark the 3-year anniversary of De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, also called DACA. Roughly 800,000 DREAMers across the country are able to work and go to school because of DACA. All these aspiring Americans want is to be able to contribute mean-ingfully to our society, and DACA has given them a lifeline to do that. 
I want to mark this occasion by shar-
ing two stories of DREAMers in my district whose lives DACA has trans-formed. Johana Mejias is a young woman who came to the U.S. from Ven-ezuela. She grew up in Boulder and at-tended CU, where she was an excep-tional student. During high school, she wasn’t able to participate in leadership conferences because of difficulty trav-eling within the U.S., and after college her lack of status initially prevented her from sitting for the medical school exam and participating in medical in-ternships. Luckily DACA provided re-lief for Johana, and I am proud to say that she is currently in medical school. 
Marco Dorado is another young man 
in my district who attended CU. Marco came to the U.S. when he was 2 years old. DACA has provided a lifeline to Marco, enabling him to attend college and earn a degree in finance. He also served in student government as a tri- executive and president of external af-fairs. 
DACA has been a catalyst for so 
many aspiring Americans, but only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.018 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4448 June 17, 2015 
Congress can fix our broken immigra-
tion system. I call on us to do so. 
f 
JUNE IS NATIONAL GREAT 
OUTDOORS MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize June as National Great Outdoors Month. As an Eagle Scout and a scoutmaster, I know firsthand why we must all work to strengthen conservation programs and other poli-cies to protect our environment. 
As a scoutmaster, I teach Boy Scouts 
the principle of leaving areas better than when we found them. That is why this week I will be introducing the Great Lakes Water Protection Act to ban sewage dumping in the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes Water Protec-tion Act is a commonsense, bipartisan solution to fulfill this pledge with one of our country’s greatest natural re-sources. This resource holds 95 percent of the country’s fresh surface water and provides drinking water to over 30 million people. 
Mr. Speaker, I care deeply about pro-
tecting our environment and ensuring the well-being of our Great Lakes and its ecosystem. Preserving our environ-ment should not be a partisan issue. In fact, it is not a partisan issue. 
I call on my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle to join me in this impor-tant initiative that is already endorsed by the Sierra Club, the National Wild-life Federation, and more, so that we can preserve our outdoors for genera-tions to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF L EROY 
KING 
(Ms. PELOSI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great personal sadness that I rise today to pay my final tribute to San Fran-cisco’s much beloved LeRoy King, who died on June 12 at the age of 91. A dis-tinguished labor and civil rights Afri-can American leader, King’s passion for justice and commitment to equality improved the lives of working men and women in San Francisco and through-out the country. From inviting Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. to speak in San Francisco in 1967 to his casting my electoral college vote in 2008 for Presi-dent Barack Obama as the first African American President of the United States, LeRoy King was more than a witness to historic progress; he made history. 
During World War II, King served 
with courage and honor in the Army and dedicated his entire life to pre-serving and strengthening the great de-mocracy he fought to protect. Even in his 80s, in the tradition of great Amer-ican leaders, he was arrested for an act of civil disobedience on behalf of hotel 
and restaurant workers. 
King served as northern regional di-
rector of the International Longshore and Warehouse Union, ILWU, for more than 30 years. It was important to him to overturn a discriminatory system that elected only Whites to union of-fice, and he helped create a fully inclu-sive, integrated workforce. King orga-nized with legendary labor leader Harry Bridges, was a staunch supporter of civil rights champion Cesar Chavez, was a supporter of Reverend Martin Luther King, and in 2009 he was hon-ored with the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Award for promoting peace and advancing social and eco-nomic justice by embodying Dr. King’s inclusive leadership and nonviolent participation. 
Mr. King, whether it was for ending 
discrimination and promoting afford-able housing to community develop-ment to jazz, he has been honored. His accomplishments are memorialized in locations throughout San Francisco. My revised remarks, for the R
ECORD , 
will go more into that. 
It has been a great privilege for me 
to know such a deeply principled and exemplary human being and to call him friend. I will miss him. My family, my husband and my daughter Chris-tine, my entire family will miss him terribly. 
I hope it is a comfort to his daugh-
ters, Rebecca King Morrow and Caro-lyn King Samoa; his son, LeRoy King Jr.; his grandchildren, and great grand-children that so many San Francis-cans, indeed beyond San Francisco, and other people loved and admired LeRoy King, and they share their tremendous loss. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great personal sad-
ness that I rise to pay final tribute to San Francisco’s much beloved LeRoy King, who died on June 12th at the age of 91. A distin-guished labor and civil rights leader, King’s passion for justice and commitment to equality improved the lives of working women and men in San Francisco and throughout the country. 
From inviting Dr. Martin L. King, Jr. to speak 
in San Francisco in 1967 to his casting my electoral college vote in 2008 for Barack Obama as the first African American President of the United States, LeRoy King was more than a witness to historic progress, he made history. 
During World War II, King served with cour-
age and honor in the Army—and dedicated his entire life to preserving and strengthening the great democracy he fought to protect. Even in his 80s, in the tradition of great American leaders, he was arrested for an act of civil dis-obedience on behalf of hotel and restaurant workers. 
King served as Northern Regional Director 
of the International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU) for more than 30 years. King became a member of ILWU Local 6 in 1946, one of the first African Americans to serve in the local leadership. In the 1950s he led a co-alition of members to overturn a discriminatory system that elected only whites to union office and helped create a fully inclusive, integrated workforce. Mr. King sought to create a world where others could live free of discrimination, 
bigotry and injustice. 
King organized with legendary labor leader 
Harry Bridges and was a staunch supporter of civil rights champion Cesar Chavez. In 2009 the National Education Association honored King with the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memo-rial Award for promoting peace and advancing social and economic justice by embodying King’s inclusive leadership and nonviolent phi-losophy. 
Mr. King served on the San Francisco Re-
development Commission for more than 30 years where he fought to preserve the African American and Japanese American heritage of the Fillmore District. His efforts helped lay a foundation for a more inclusive, more wel-coming home for all San Franciscans. 
King was instrumental in the creation of the 
St. Francis Square Cooperative Housing de-velopment, which opened in 1963 in the Fill-more District and was a national model of ra-cially integrated housing for working families. King and his family lived there from the time it opened until he died. 
King’s accomplishments are memorialized in 
locations around San Francisco. The City’s 108-year old carousel at Yerba Buena Gar-dens was renamed the LeRoy King Carousel, an homage to one of the many sites King helped shape while serving on the Redevelop-ment Commission. A bronze bust of King at the Jazz Heritage Center in San Francisco’s Fillmore District honors his work preserving the neighborhood’s African American and Jap-
anese American heritage. 
It has been a great privilege for me to know 
such a deeply principled and exemplary human being and to call him my friend. 
I hope it is a comfort to his daughters Re-
becca King Morrow and Carolyn King Samoa, his son LeRoy King Jr. and his grandchildren and great grandchildren, that so many San Franciscans who loved and admired LeRoy share their tremendous loss. 
f 
WE MUST DEFEAT BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
the threat of Boko Haram and ISIS is real. Remember, they are now one. The threat is great; the threat is imminent. 
Just yesterday, a New York City col-
lege student was arrested for plotting to attack the city in the name of the Islamic State. Last week, a high school student from suburban Virginia pled guilty to conspiring to provide mate-rial support to the Islamic State. Fed-eral authorities said the Virginia case was a chilling reminder of Islamic State’s pervasive online presence and ability to woo American youth. 
How long before we hear headlines 
about American teenagers pledging al-legiance to Boko Haram? Remember, they are now one. How long before we hear about attacks on American soil made in the name of Boko Haram? 
We must do all that we can to defeat 
Boko Haram and break its unholy alli-ance with ISIS. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H. Res. 147, as amended, to defeat Boko Haram, and remember to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringback ourgirls, #joinrepwilson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.020 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4449 June 17, 2015 
WE MUST REAUTHORIZE THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK NOW 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank. Since 2009, the Export-Import Bank has created or sustained 1.3 million private sector jobs, many of which are small busi-nesses. In my district alone, from 2007 to 2014, more than 28 companies, 800 jobs, and more than $123 million in ex-ports were supported by the Export-Im-port Bank. In addition to creating jobs, the Export-Import Bank is self-sus-taining. At the end of this month, the Bank’s charter will expire, hampering growth of small business exports. 
Foreign companies are supporting 
their own like never before, Mr. Speak-er. In stores across America, that is evident. It is time for our foreign com-petitors to see more ‘‘made in Amer-ica.’’ Our American companies deserve a fair chance at success. We must reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank now. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE THIRD 
ANNIVERSARY OF DACA 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, today 
we celebrate the third anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals, otherwise known as the DACA program. Today is also another day of mourning Congress’ failure to pass comprehensive immigration reform. DACA is working; 640,000 DREAMers are already part of our American fabric and are contributing to our economy every day thanks to DACA. 
In fact, this summer two DACA bene-
ficiaries are interning in my office— Monica moved from Jalisco, Mexico, when she was 7. Her father was de-ported, but she worked hard and will graduate this fall from Cal State Uni-versity Northridge with a degree in po-litical science. DACA allowed her to get her driver’s license so she could work to pay for her education. 
Stephanie was born in Mexico City, 
moved to Santa Barbara when she was 10, and is pursuing a degree in political science at the University of California Los Angeles, UCLA, and is researching the economic impact of DACA. Thanks to DACA, every day DREAMers like Monica and Stephanie help drive our Nation’s economy forward. 
f 
b1230 
CONGRATULATIONS TO VIRGIN 
ISLAND GRADUATES 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, today 
I rise to congratulate not only the stu-dents, but the community of the Virgin Islands on so many graduates of our high schools these last weeks. While I 
have not been able to be there in body for some of the graduations, I am there in spirit and in heart. 
The Gifft Hill School, AZ Academy, 
Good Hope Country Day, St. Croix Cen-tral High School, St. Croix Educational Complex, St. Croix Seventh-day Ad-ventist School, St. Joseph High School, Antilles School, All Saints Cathedral School, Charlotte Amalie High School, Church of God Academy, Ivanna Eudora Kean High School, Sts. Peter and Paul Cathedral School, Seventh- day Adventist High School, the Virgin Island Montessori School and Peter Gruber International Academy, and the Wesleyan Academy. 
Students, you know that you are our 
future, we love you, that you represent the best of us all as a community, and that we expect great things for you. You are entering a world at war, a na-tion with challenges and conflicts, and our islands in crisis. But we know that, with your passion for learning, dis-cipline, and an ability take risks, we are in great hands. 
f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS OF 
FORMER MEMBERS PROGRAM 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings during the former Members program be printed in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD and that all Members 
and former Members who spoke during the proceedings have the privilege of revising and extending their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). Is there objec-
tion to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 160, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1190, PROTECTING SEN-IORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 319 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 319 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion 
except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Ad-visory Board. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. The amend-ment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 319 provides for a rule to consider two separate bills, which will address two of the most flawed and ill- conceived provisions contained within the so-called Affordable Care Act. 
The rule provides for 1 hour of debate 
on H.R. 160 dealing with the repeal of the medical device tax, equally divided between the majority and minority on the Committee on Ways and Means, as well as the standard motion to recom-mit provided for the minority. 
The rule further provides for 1 hour 
of debate on H.R. 1190, which would re-peal the Independent Payment Advi-sory Board. This is equally divided be-tween the majority and minority of both the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Further, the rule pro-
vides that the Pitts amendment, which will cover the cost of repealing the Independent Payment Advisory Board by using the Affordable Care Act’s pre-vention fund, a slush fund for the Sec-retary, which has been used to pay for everything from urban gardening to lobbying for higher cigarette taxes, be added to the bill. As with H.R. 160, the standard motion to recommit is also provided to the minority on H.R. 1190. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.021 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4450 June 17, 2015 
It is well documented that many pro-
visions contained within the Affordable Care Act will have negative con-sequences on patients, both in access to care and in affordability. Yet two provisions have been so universally criticized that, on a large bipartisan nature, their repeal was called for al-most immediately after the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010. One such provision was the tax contained within the bill on medical device man-ufacturers. 
It seems illogical that within a piece 
of legislation that was purported to make medical care more accessible to all Americans, the Federal Government would want to tax the very providers of medical innovation that creates the de-
vices to improve the delivery of health care. Nevertheless, the President and then-Majority Leader H
ARRY REIDin 
the Senate included this provision in order to pay for part of the astronom-ical price tag that accompanied this massive bill. 
This tax is an unfair burden that ac-
tually increases the cost that con-sumers will pay at the doctor’s office. The tax has also been cited by dozens of medical device manufacturers who have or are considering moving their operations overseas so that they can continue to innovate without the heavy burden of the Internal Revenue Service stifling their growth. This tax slows the creation of new techniques, slows the creation of new devices, all of which could make the delivery of medi-cine more efficient. It also puts at risk the jobs associated with the creation of those devices. 
And lest anyone think that we are 
merely talking about the largest and most expensive pieces of technology found within a hospital, such as the MRI or the CAT scanner and surgical equipment, let’s be clear that this tax covers every piece of medical equip-ment from those large machines to the smallest of items, including the sy-ringes that are used to deliver life-saving antibiotics and vaccines. In my own district, I have met with a number of constituents, including the owner of Retractable Technologies, which makes those very syringes, and have been shown firsthand how this tax is creating a burden on the growth of his company. 
The medical device tax has led to the 
elimination of thousands of good-pay-ing jobs, and repealing it would be the first step in bringing those jobs back to stem the loss of future jobs within an industry that is vital to the country in helping to mitigate the rising cost of health care due to other burdensome provisions within the Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. Speaker, plain and simple, this is 
a tax on business, a tax on small busi-ness, a tax on consumers, a tax on in-novation. To date, 33,000 jobs have been lost in the medical device industry since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, and it is projected that well over 100,000 additional jobs are on the chopping block. Actually, who could be surprised 
about this? Excise taxes, which this tax is, are meant to lead to a reduction in the consumption of the good being taxed. We place an excise tax on ciga-rettes to discourage their use, making it burdensome to afford a smoking habit. Did the President and H
ARRY  
REIDintend to make it more burden-
some to use more efficient medical de-vices? 
Of course, not only is this burden-
some tax ill-conceived as a concept, it was ill-conceived in a practical sense as well. Last year, a Treasury inspec-tor general audit found that the Inter-nal Revenue Service issued 217 erro-neous penalties to device companies in a 6-month period. We have all seen how poorly much of the Affordable Care Act was written. One need only to look at the most recent Supreme Court cases for that determination. But how dif-ficult is it to write a clear-cut tax pro-vision? Apparently, for H
ARRY REID, it 
is quite difficult. 
H.R. 160 has bipartisan and bicameral 
support and currently has 282 cospon-sors. In fact, 18 Democrats in this body sent a letter to Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER  
and Minority Leader N ANCY PELOSI  
calling for the timely passage of this bill. Republican leadership in the House heard their requests and the calls from many other Members of this body and is moving this bill in a re-sponsible way to put Americans back to work and lower the cost of health care for all. 
The second bill contained in today’s 
rule, H.R. 1190, repeals one of the most poorly thought-out ideas ever to come out of Congress, and that is really quite impressive considering the many disquieting ideas that have originated in the Pelosi-led House of Representa-tives. The Independent Payment Advi-sory Board is an unelected, unaccount-able board dedicated to set up within the Affordable Care Act for the sole purpose to cut Medicare payments to providers if Medicare targets within the bill are not met. 
Let’s be very clear about this. Presi-
dent Obama, Majority Leader H
ARRY  
REID, Speaker N ANCY PELOSI created a 
board of unelected officials in order to ration Medicare, to cut Medicare, and every Democrat who supported the Af-fordable Care Act voted in favor of this Board. 
The Independent Payment Advisory 
Board is a regulatory board composed of 15 health professionals appointed by the President. There is no requirement that any of these professionals have ever actually practiced medicine a day in their lives, and we are well aware that this President prefers academics to those who have real-world experi-ence. 
The Board’s stated responsibility is 
to develop proposals to reduce the growth of Medicare spending. What does that mean? It means seniors will face cuts to their health care with no recourse if they don’t agree with what the Board proposes. Former Office of Management and 
Budget Director Peter Orszag, the President’s top budget adviser, called the Independent Payment Advisory Board the single biggest yielding of power to an independent entity since the creation of the Federal Reserve. Think about that. Let that sink in. The Independent Payment Advisory Board has been given the authority to do for Medicare policy what the Fed is able to do with monetary policy. That should be terrifying to every American. 
The Independent Payment Advisory 
Board is set to recommend cuts, amounting to one-half of 1 percent of Medicare spending, and then the num-ber rises until it hits 1
1⁄2percent. It 
makes these cuts by reducing the rates that Medicare pays for medical proce-dures and drugs, which means the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board can only make cuts to providers’ reim-bursements. Instead of being allowed to make real lasting structural reforms that could actually help the solvency of Medicare, this Board’s approach to saving money is one of the clumsiest, most bureaucratic ways of achieving this goal. 
The Independent Payment Advisory 
Board has massive structural and con-stitutional defects in its design. If Con-gress fails to act on the Board’s rec-ommendations, they automatically go into effect. And even if the Congress did pass a bill countering the Board’s cuts to Medicare, the President can simply veto the bill. And the judici-ary—and how this passes constitu-tional muster, I seriously question— specifically the judiciary, is forbidden to review the Independent Payment Advisory Board’s recommendations. 
For these and many other reasons, 
over 500 organizations have urged Con-gress to get rid of this thing—repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board—including the American Med-ical Association, the American College of Surgeons, and the Veterans Health Council. 
Repealing the Independent Payment 
Advisory Board would protect seniors’ access to Medicare, encourage us to do real Medicare reforms, and put an end to the constitutionally questionable Board of unelected bureaucrats—right now under the President’s healthcare law—the very decisions that they are empowered to make changes to Medi-care. 
All Americans will benefit from the 
repeal of this draconian idea. It is a clumsy way that then-majority Demo-crats were able to buck their responsi-bility at addressing cost concerns over entitlements. Government by bureau-crats instead of government by the people, government by bureaucrats in-stead of government by representa-tives, it is no way to run this country. And yet that is how then-Majority Leader H
ARRY REIDand then-Speaker 
NANCY PELOSI preferred that we oper-
ate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.023 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4451 June 17, 2015 
b1245 
The Independent Payment Advisory 
Board’s design undermines seniors’ ac-cess to Medicare and the health care that they need and have paid for throughout their working lives. 
This Board should have been repealed 
years ago, but so long as H
ARRY REID 
was majority leader in the Senate, the Independent Payment Advisory Board continued to live. Last year’s election created a sea change over in the other body, changed the majority leader in the Senate, and now, the American people may finally see their govern-ment begin to work for them yet once again. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in opposi-
tion to the rule which, once again, de-prives Members of this body the oppor-tunity to debate amendments that will improve the underlying legislation. 
I rise in opposition to this body’s 
misguided priorities. Again, the Amer-ican people are seeing Congress rehash the same tired debates. How many ref-erences were there to people that were Speakers of this House, that were Sen-ate majority leaders, to healthcare re-form, which has already withstood sev-eral elections and is the law of the land? 
What we have before us today are 
two more bills that repeal part of the Affordable Care Act. We have now con-sidered over 60 bills to repeal, defund, or dismantle the Affordable Care Act, rather than improve and build upon it. 
With all the work that remains to be 
done, we could be debating legislation to renew our expiring highway trust fund and repair our crumbling roads and bridges. 
We could take up legislation to renew 
the charter of the Import-Export Bank, and we will be offering that soon on the previous question. 
We could consider a bill to repair our 
broken immigration system or help the millions of Americans who are living below the poverty line, even though they work two jobs and it is increas-ingly hard to support their families; or we could take on the critical matter of climate change and confront the fact that it has contributed to one of the worst droughts in our Nation’s history. 
But, oh, no, it is more important to 
have the 61st and 62nd repeal of parts of the Affordable Care Act, rather than move forward with a future-oriented agenda for the American people. 
Now, let’s get into some of the spe-
cifics of the underlying legislation. The most recent estimate by the Congres-sional Budget Office found that a total of 27 million people will gain access to healthcare coverage through the Af-fordable Care Act over the next 10 years, who otherwise would not have had coverage. 
That is to say nothing of the addi-
tional millions of Americans who ben-efit from the Affordable Care Act by 
having coverage for preexisting condi-tions for the first time in their lives, are no longer subject to lifetime caps that could leave them bankrupt if they get a serious illness, or people that are able to stay as young adults up to age 26 on their parents’ plan. 
Constituents from all areas of my 
district have shared stories of their success using our State’s health ex-change, Connect for Health Colorado, and described how the Affordable Care Act’s coverage provided by the ACA has improved their lives. 
I have heard from constituents like 
Morgan, from Nederland, Colorado, who used the exchange to enroll in the exact same plan she had before the Af-fordable Care Act, but her premiums decreased, and the services that were covered expanded—more value for her money. 
Or Donna, who recently moved to 
Boulder, Colorado—Donna is an out-door enthusiast, like so many in my district, but was afraid to make her way to the mountains until she had se-cured healthcare coverage. 
Through Connect for Health Colorado 
and the premium tax credits she has access to under the Affordable Care Act, she is now enrolled in a com-prehensive medical and dental plan that ensures she won’t become bank-rupt if she sustains an injury. 
These are far from isolated cases. In 
my home State of Colorado, 16.5 per-cent of people lacked health insurance before ACA. According to a recent study of the Kaiser Family Founda-tion, that figure has dropped to 9 per-cent by last year. 
The success is not limited to my 
State. According to a Gallup poll re-leased in April, the percentage of Americans lacking health care nation-wide has dropped by more than a third since the marketplace opened at the end of 2013, from 18 percent to under 12 percent. 
The Affordable Care Act is working; 
instead of continuing in that vein, once again, the Republican Congress is seek-ing to repeal various parts of that law, rather than move forward and improve it. 
The first of today’s two bills, the so- 
called Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act, doesn’t protect anyone’s access to anything. The Advisory Board it seeks to repeal, which has been vilified and completely mischaracterized in the past, is actu-ally something far more mundane and important to the processes of Medicare. 
It is a board of advisers who make 
nonbinding recommendations to Con-gress about how we can reduce healthcare costs and strengthen Medi-care solvency over the long term, with-out sacrificing the quality of care, something that all of us, as cost-con-scious Members of Congress, should be interested in seeing. 
Now, we can debate all day the exact 
composition of the Board or which committees in Congress should have ju-risdiction over its recommendations. 
Those are valid considerations—or, in-stead, we can discuss repealing the Board in its entirety, which is what we are talking about here today. This Ad-visory Board will provide critical ad-vice to help Congress reduce the cost of providing health care. 
Now, interestingly enough, this 
amendment pays for the $7 billion cost of eliminating this Board by slashing nearly $9 billion in funding from the prevention and public health fund. This fund is used for vital preventative health programs, like childhood vac-cines, helping people quit smoking, stroke prevention, and maternal wellness. The cornerstone of health savings is preventative medicine. 
In fact, I cosponsor a bill with my 
friend, Mr. B
URGESS , who is managing 
the bill on the other side, that would allow the Congressional Budget Office to account for the long-term savings of preventative health initiatives when it scores legislation. 
If Mr. B
URGESS ’ own bill were to be-
come law, and I hope it does, it would show that the so-called way that we are paying for this repeal is illusory. Eliminating the preventative healthcare program actually can cost money in the long run. Under the con-gressional scoring model that we both support, it would likely not even reg-ister as a cost saving, or if it did, it would be much less than the $9 billion. 
The second bill being considered, the 
Protect Medical Innovation Act, aims to do something that many of us on both sides support, repealing the Af-fordable Care Act’s excise tax on med-ical devices. The medical device tax is one of the measures originally included by the Senate in the Affordable Care Act to fund the badly needed consumer protections and benefits that form the core of the bill. 
Now, again, it is easy to support tax 
cuts. This body has put before us many, tax cut after tax cut after tax cut that are unfunded. The whole discussion about how you can afford to cut taxes is how you pay for it. What govern-ment waste do you cut? What other taxes or income do you use to offset the cost of these tax cuts? 
Of course, we don’t want to slow the 
pace of progress with unnecessary costs and burdens, and we want to make sure that medical device manufacturers have every incentive to increase their research and development and not pass these costs along to consumers. 
Unfortunately, even though I, along 
with A
LMAADAMS from North Carolina 
and M ATT CARTWRIGHT from Pennsyl-
vania, offered an amendment in the Rules Committee that would have paid for repealing the medical device tax using a commonsense approach that wouldn’t suppress economic growth, our amendment was not allowed to even be discussed here on the floor of the House. 
Not only would our amendment to 
pay for the medical device repeal have avoided adding nearly $30 billion to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.025 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4452 June 17, 2015 
deficit, as this bill would do before us 
today, but it also would have helped bring balance to our Nation’s energy sector by stopping the government from choosing winners and losers in en-ergy and lessen our dependence on fos-sil fuels. 
Unfortunately, under this rule, we 
don’t get a vote or debate on the floor. We are left with two bad choices. We can, of course, leave in place a tax that many of us want to remove; or we can add $25 billion to our deficit. Neither of those are the right answers for the American people or for medical device companies or the consumers who use medical device products. 
The American people deserve better. 
If we defeat this rule, an open process will allow Republicans and Democrats to offer real, constructive, better ideas of how to improve upon these two pieces of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a member of our Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, in Indi-
ana, the medical device industry em-ploys over 20,000 Hoosiers in over 300 medical device companies. These are good-paying jobs that pay 56 percent more than the average wage. 
As Indiana Governor Mike Pence re-
cently put it in a letter to our delega-tion: ‘‘This industry is vital to Indi-ana’s economy and the health and well- being of people across the Nation and the world.’’ 
Unfortunately, this critical industry 
is living under the shadow of a job-kill-ing tax put in place to pay for the Af-fordable Care Act. In fact, companies in Indiana have already halted research projects and plans for expansion. 
The medical device tax is crippling 
innovation of lifesaving products like the ones I used as a surgeon, and it is putting patients and jobs at risk. This is about patients, at the end of the day, and their access to health care. 
We have had broad bipartisan support 
for repeal of the medical device tax in both Chambers before. It is time to put an end to this onerous tax once and for all. 
I also support an IPAB repeal. As a 
physician, I urge my colleagues to sup-port the rule and the underlying bills. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to allow for the consideration of legislation that would reauthorize the Export-Import Bank for 7 years. 
To discuss our proposal, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the dis-
tinguished ranking member on the Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado, as well as Leader P
ELOSI and Whip H OYER , for their 
unyielding support for thousands of American jobs and businesses. I rise to urge my colleagues to defeat 
the previous question in order to force a vote on legislation sponsored by my-self, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. M OORE , Mr. H OYER , 
and 186 other Democrats that will renew and reform the Export-Import Bank’s charter for the long term. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has just 5 days 
to act before the Export-Import Bank shuts down. We are in the eleventh hour, and despite a recent bipartisan vote in the Senate and broad support across the aisle in this House, we are still fighting to keep this engine of job creation and economic growth alive. 
It is interesting to note that, con-
trary to most of the disagreements that take place in this Chamber, in the debate over the Export-Import Bank, the facts remain undisputed. 
Over the past 5 years, it is estimated 
that the Bank has created or sustained more than 1.3 million private sector jobs, 164,000 in the past year alone. In 2014, the Bank returned more than $674 million back to the American tax-payers, an amount totaling $6.9 billion over the past two decades. 
Democrats, Republicans, business, 
and labor all understand the important role that the Export-Import Bank plays in our economy. Presidents, ranging from Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush to Bill Clinton, have been outspoken in their support for the Bank’s ability to create and sustain American jobs and keep our businesses competitive. 
Ex-Im levels the playing field with 
countries like China, Russia, and 
countless others, all of which have their own version of the Bank sup-porting American competitors. 
Mr. Speaker, Democrats are coming 
to the floor today to implore our nu-merous Republican colleagues who sup-port the Export-Import Bank, starting with Speaker B
OEHNER , to stand up for 
jobs, businesses, and American com-petitiveness by standing up to the ex-tremists who want to close the Bank. 
Let’s send a strong message to Amer-
ica’s manufacturers, businesses, and workers, that we are committed to pre-serving an institution that, for dec-ades, has helped this Nation create jobs and grow the economy. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the pre-
vious question. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), a valued 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the rule for H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act. Last August, I held two 21st Century Cures roundtables in my district in the Tampa Bay area. 
The second roundtable featured 
healthcare providers. One participant was Lisa Novorska, CFO of Rochester Electro-Medical. Rochester Electro- Medical is a medical device manufac-turer in my district, and it is a small business. The medical device tax, originally in-
cluded in the President’s healthcare law, is devastating to these small busi-nesses. Eighty percent of the device manufacturers in Florida have less than 25 employees. In total, Florida has 662 device manufacturers, and one- third of them are in the Tampa Bay area, as I said, in the area that I rep-resent in the Congress. 
This bill has over 280 bipartisan co-
sponsors. Voting for this rule and bill should be easy, despite the administra-tion’s veto threat. Let’s support device manufacturers and give them the flexi-bility to innovate and help our con-stituents. 
b1300 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-
ington (Mr. H
ECK), a leader in the ef-
fort to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to oppose the previous ques-tion so that we might, indeed, get to H.R. 1031, the Promoting U.S. Jobs through Exports Act of 2015. 
H.R. 1031—which, as it has been indi-
cated, reauthorizes the Export-Import Bank—is a deficit-cutting, job-creating machine. And why is it important that we get to it? Because, indeed, the char-ter of the Bank expires in 5 legislative days. 
Last week, I was at home and had oc-
casion to be channel surfing, and I came across, inarguably, one of the top 10 movies in all of the history of Amer-ican cinema, ‘‘Blazing Saddles.’’ And there is this wonderful scene where the actor, Cleavon Little, rides into town, and he is not met very favorably by the townsfolks. They all pull their guns on him. And in response, he pulls his re-volver, and he puts it to his head, and he says, Stop, stop, or I will shoot my-self. 
Well, of course, what he was doing, 
given the situation, was completely turning logic on its ear and confusing everybody in his presence. And that is how I feel about this. 
Those who want to end the Export- 
Import Bank purport to be in favor of cutting the deficit. But the Export-Im-port Bank has reduced the Federal def-icit by $6 billion over the last 20 years. Those who want to terminate the Ex-port-Import Bank say they are in favor of faster economic growth. But the Ex-port-Import Bank supported 164,000 jobs just last year alone in virtually every congressional district in this great land. 
Make no mistake, if the Bank ex-
pires, we will lose jobs; and we will lose jobs immediately here and there and everywhere. 
And stop and think about that. What 
is more important than a job? It is the means by which we provide for our-selves. We are self-sufficient. 
Is anyone suggesting we have too 
many jobs? Is anybody suggesting that work isn’t worthwhile? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.026 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4453 June 17, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. I will never 
forget when former Vice President Mondale once said, You want to know how important work is in this society? Stop, ask yourself what is the first thing you ask somebody when you meet them. ‘‘What do you do?’’ 
Work is important. Jobs are impor-
tant. The Export-Import Bank creates jobs. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion. Reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. We have 5 legislative days to go. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the vice 
chairman of the Committee on Rules. 
Ms. FOXX. I thank my colleague on 
the Rules Committee, who handles our rules and legislation so effectively on the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the rule and the underlying bills. When the Democrat-controlled Con-gress rammed the so-called Affordable Care Act through this Chamber, I joined my Republican colleagues in ex-pressing our grave concerns over the effects of the law’s tax increases. Spe-cifically, we warned that the excise tax on medical devices would hinder inno-vation as well as restrict growth and job creation in an industry that has improved the quality of life for mil-lions around the world. 
And just as we cautioned, this tax on 
devices that restore mobility, keep hearts in rhythm, and help doctors di-agnose life-threatening diseases earlier than ever before has cost us local jobs and reduced research capabilities. 
Cook Medical is a privately owned 
company, with facilities around the world. It employs about 500 people in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where the company focuses on endoscopic and urological medicine. 
Since the medical device tax was lev-
ied in 2013, Cook Medical has paid roughly $13 million annually. As a re-sult, the company has pulled back on capital improvements as well as re-search and development investments. They have also considered moving manufacturing capacity outside the United States. 
Scott Sewell, vice president of tech-
nology acquisition and development for the company’s Winston-Salem office, recently told the Triad Business Jour-nal that if the medical tax device is re-pealed, they would look at expanding operations in North Carolina with a new plant in Winston-Salem. 
I would like to submit for the 
R
ECORD this May 1 article from the 
Triad Business Journal. 
[From Triad Business Journal, May 1, 2015] 
DEVICE TAXTHWARTS EXPANSION IN WINSTON - 
SALEM  
(By Owen Covington) 
The push to repeal an Affordable Care Act 
tax on the sale of medical devices appears to be gaining steam with a prominent device manufacturer with a strong Triad presence recently lobbying Congress for action. 
In written testimony to a Senate com-
mittee this month, Cook Medical Board Chairman Stephen Ferguson said the com-
pany has had to pull back on capital im-provements and R&D investments because of the tax. Cook is also considering moving manufacturing capacity outside the country. 
‘‘Make no mistake about it: We want to de-
velop and manufacture our devices in the U.S., but this tax is preventing this growth in this country,’’ Ferguson wrote. 
I caught up with Scott Sewell, vice presi-
dent of technology acquisition and develop-ment at Cook Medical’s Winston-Salem oper-ation, where the focus is on endoscopy and urological medicine. 
Just for further explanation, the tax is a 
2.3 percent levy on the sale of many medical devices that’s expected to generate $29 bil-lion during its first 10 years. 
Proponents have argued that increased 
health insurance coverage will mean more sales for these companies, which also have the option of passing that increase along to consumers rather than absorbing it them-selves. 
Sewell said that since the tax was levied in 
2013, Cook Medical has paid roughly $13 mil-lion annually. That accounts for only a por-tion of Cook’s overall sales, since it isn’t paid on the roughly 60 percent of Cook’s products that are sold abroad. 
Both Sewell and Ferguson said that uptick 
in sales hasn’t occurred, and the company has generally been unable to pass along the cost of the tax to consumers, which are typi-cally very cost-conscious hospitals. That’s meant pulling back on plans to expand in Winston-Salem and elsewhere, Sewell said. 
‘‘I think if the device tax were repealed, in 
the next couple of years, we would probably be looking at a new plant in Winston- Salem,’’ he said. 
Cook’s arguments are grabbing the atten-
tion of more in Congress. That said, advo-cates of the tax say claims like those of Cook are overblown. 
‘‘A manufacturer can’t avoid the tax by 
shifting production abroad, doesn’t pay the tax for devices it produces here but sells abroad, and suffers no competitive disadvan-tage from foreign producers, who also have to pay the tax for devices that they sell here,’’ wrote Chad Stone, chief economist of the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, in U.S. News & World Report. 
Ms. FOXX. It is clear that 
ObamaCare’s medical device tax has di-rectly and negatively impacted the people who live in North Carolina’s Fifth District, as well as people around the country and around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, this tax must be re-
pealed, and its harmful effects undone. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend from 
Colorado for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in 
opposition to the previous question in order to make in order a vote to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank. 
For Americans, the Export-Import 
Bank means jobs. It means economic growth. Failing to reauthorize Ex-Im threatens American jobs, threatens American businesses, threatens our economy. 
Supporting Ex-Im used to be a bipar-
tisan issue. Just read a little history: Dwight Eisenhower supported it. Ron-ald Reagan supported it. If you want a more recent example, George W. Bush supported it. 
This never has been a partisan issue 
until just recently, where even the House leadership—the Speaker, I 
think, supports it—has now been cap-tured by a small group of very far right-leaning ideologues to whom, ap-parently, much is owed because we can’t get a floor vote on a piece of leg-islation supported by a majority of the House of Representatives that helps American business and helps American workers. What is wrong with this pic-ture? This makes no sense whatsoever. 
The Export-Import Bank is an essen-
tial part of a growing economy, and particularly in supporting American businesses to grow their exports and put Americans to work. 
In my home State alone, 228 compa-
nies, $11 billion in export value, are at risk if we don’t reauthorize the Export- Import Bank, and we have 5 days to do it. But we could do it in 5 minutes if we defeat the previous question, bring to the floor of the House legislation, H.R. 1031, that would reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank through 2022. 
Let’s let the will of the American 
people and, frankly, the will of a ma-jority of the United States Congress, be manifest in our policy. A majority of Congress supports the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Bring a vote to the floor of the House. Let’s put America to work, support Amer-ican business, support American work-ers, and support the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
Mr. Speaker, previously it was 
brought up about the prevention fund, which was being used as one of the off-sets for the repeal of the Independent Payment Advisory Board. And I just wanted to give the Congress a sense of some of the activities that have been funded under the Secretary’s so-called prevention fund. 
How about pickle ball? I didn’t even 
know what that was. I had to Google it after that came to light in our com-mittee. Massage therapy, kickboxing, kayaking, and Zumba—a separate grant was given for that. A grant for signage for bike lanes. A grant to pro-mote free pet neutering. A grant for urban gardening. A grant to lobby for a soda tax in New York, block construc-tion of job-creating fast food small businesses, and another grant to boost bike clubs. 
These are the types of activities that 
are being funded in the prevention fund, not actual activities that would result in the prevention of disease. This is a good use of these dollars, and I urge adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), the ranking member on the 
Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, the clock 
is ticking on the global competitive-ness of U.S. workers, and the GOP has yet—has yet—has yet to put to a vote the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.027 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4454 June 17, 2015 
The Export-Import Bank levels the 
playing field globally for U.S. busi-nesses to compete with subsidized for-eign competitors. Our U.S. exporters and workers will pay the price if this majority, this Republican Congress fails to reauthorize the Bank. My Mil-waukee exporters will pay the price if this Republican Congress fails to reau-thorize the Bank. 
Yes, deals will still be made with the 
other 60 or so credit agencies around the world, but they will be done with-out U.S.-made goods and services. 
You know, it is so ironic that we 
have all kinds of deals being cut to get partnership trade agreements with these 12 different Pacific countries so we could export jobs to other places in the world. But there are no deals being made so that we can export U.S.-made goods and services to other parts of the world. That is probably why we have such a huge trade deficit. 
With the leadership of Ranking Mem-
ber W
ATERS , Representatives H ECK of 
Washington, H OYER , and I, we have in-
troduced H.R. 1031, the Promoting U.S. Jobs Through Exports Act. It makes targeted and prudent reforms to the Bank that enhance its mission, includ-ing promoting additional small busi-ness participation, greater trans-parency, and improved governance. 
Defeat the previous question. Bring 
the Export-Import Bank deal to the floor. The American people deserve an opportunity to work. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to the time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 13 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Colo-rado has 12 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the remainder of my time. 
First, with regard to the comments 
of the gentleman from Texas on the preventative health fund, I want to give a few examples of the important ways that fund helps reduce health care costs. For instance, expenditures on hospitals promoting breast-feeding, on breast and cervical cancer early awareness and diagnosis. 
So, I mean, again, the fund commu-
nity initiative that support breast- feeding mothers has a demonstrable ef-fect in reducing the incidence of dis-ease in infants and promotes better health. 
With regard to early identification: 
breast cancer screenings, outreach through State, territorial, and tribal health organizations, chronic disease self-management—again, making sure that people have better compliance with their regime that can reduce health care costs. 
So there are a lot of items in there 
that I am confident, if our bill were to pass—the bill that I cosponsor with the gentleman from Texas—clearly that $9 billion in savings is illusory. Now whether that will come back as a net- positive program or not, under the new CBO scoring, we will just need to pass 
our bill to see. But it wouldn’t be $9 billion. Again, maybe it would be $3 billion in savings. Maybe it would be $1 billion. Again, maybe it would be a negative amount because these pre-ventative expenditures could very well save more than they cost because if you can get an early diagnosis around breast and cervical cancer, not only does it lead to a better outcome for the patient but saves a lot more money, as does making sure that people are able to successfully manage their chronic diseases and not wind up in emergency rooms at a very high cost. 
We have before us—no bones about 
it—two more partial repeals of the Af-fordable Care Act. 
So far this year, the Republicans 
have brought to the floor $586 billion in unpaid-for tax extenders and special in-terest tax expenditures. Those bills have blown through the sequestration caps, all while continuing to cut fund-ing for education programs, violence prevention initiatives, and medical re-search. 
This bill adds another $25 billion to 
that $586 billion. Again, everybody likes to have their cake and eat it too. But unfortunately budgets have to work, and numbers have to add up. 
b1315 
That is why I was particularly dis-
appointed that the Rules Committee didn’t allow my amendment that would have simply paid for the medical device tax repeal to come forward. Instead, the Republicans are insisting on adding $25 billion on top of the $586 billion in expenditures that they are blowing through the deficit with and increasing the size of the deficit by half a trillion dollars. 
This bill also provides for consider-
ation of a bill that cuts $9 billion from the preventative health initiatives to repeal an advisory board. Again, I would argue that we won’t know if that is truly paid for or not until our other bill passes, and I hope that we can bring forward the bill I share with Mr. B
URGESS to allow for the proper scor-
ing of that. 
So I am ready to say that I don’t 
know if it is paid for or not. I suspect it is not. I suspect that it might cost us more money in the long run to repeal the important expenditures around breast and cervical cancer early diag-nosis and chronic disease self-manage-ment, but the only way to know that for sure would be to change the way that the CBO scores the bills to allow for preventative measures to show the savings that are reasonably estimated by experts absent any particular bias. 
Mr. Speaker, I think there is a lot of 
interest in reforming the Advisory Board, and I think that is a valid con-versation to have: What should its pri-orities be? What should the reporting process be? What should the member-ship be composed of? But repealing it and adding costs and preventing sim-ple, cost-saving recommendations from even coming to Congress, how does 
that make sense? And how does that further the goal of providing high-qual-ity health care to the American people at the lowest cost possible? 
We also shouldn’t be taking funding 
away for programs that help Ameri-cans prevent injuries or illness in order to pay for the repeal of an advisory board that makes nonbinding rec-ommendations to Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, a vote for this rule is 
yet another vote for misplaced prior-ities, for increasing the Federal deficit, and for passing policies that are at odds with the needs of the American people and constitute the 62nd time that this body has chosen to repeal part of the Affordable Care Act rather than move forward with a future-ori-ented agenda to help the American peo-ple. This is a vote to add billions of dol-lars to our deficit at the expense of the basic healthcare needs of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-
neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, this body 
can do better. If we defeat this rule, we might have an opportunity to do some-thing about the deficit, to do some-thing about it by going back and get-ting a rule that if this body chooses to proceed with repealing the medical de-vice tax allows a commonsense way for that to be paid for. If we repeal this rule, we can go back and look at im-proving the advisory panel rather than repealing it in its entirety, making sure that, if there are costs associated with that, that they are paid for in a real way rather than a way that is illu-sory. 
Mr. Speaker, if we repeal this rule, 
we can go back and bring forward Mr. B
URGESS ’ and my bill that would allow 
proper scoring around preventative health care. That would allow a proper discussion on whether this way of pay-ing for a repeal of the advisory panel is even a real way of paying for anything or not. 
For those reasons, Mr. Speaker, I 
strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, we have talked a lot 
about the Affordable Care Act here on the floor of this House, and one of the reasons we have talked a lot about it is because, very famously, it was passed before we read it. We had to pass it to find out what was in it. Let me just talk about a couple of those things be-cause I think they are germane to our discussion today. 
This is June 17. Around the country, 
many Members’ offices are being con-tacted by groups asking why Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.028 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4455 June 17, 2015 
itself isn’t following the law that Con-
gress passed. I am referring specifically to section 1312(d) in the bill. It says: 
Members of Congress in the exchange re-
quirement notwithstanding any other provi-sion in law, after the effective date of this subtitle, the only health plans that the Fed-eral Government may make available to Members of Congress shall be health plans that are, number one, created under this act, 
or two, offered through an exchange estab-lished unto this act. The term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ means any Member of the House of Representatives or the Senate. 
The fact of the matter is most people 
don’t follow the law. I did, Mr. Speak-er, and I think it was important to fol-low the law. I bought my health care in the individual market, in healthcare.gov, started October 1 of 2013. You may remember that night. That was the night the fiscal year ended and the famous government shutdown began. I began early that morning in trying to sign up for the Af-fordable Care Act because I knew, as a Member of Congress, we were supposed to sign up through healthcare.gov, an unsubsidized policy in the individual market. So I performed as indicated. 
It took 3
1⁄2months for the check to 
clear the bank. It was one of the most uncomfortable, god-awful experiences I have ever been through in my life. What is the final result? I have a bronze plan in the individual market in healthcare.gov, the Federal fallback provision in the State of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, that plan cost $560 a 
month the first year that I was en-rolled, and then it went up 24 percent the next year. It is now up to $700 a month for me for an individual. These are after-tax dollars. Do you know the worst part, Mr. Speaker? The worst part is that the deductible is $6,000. 
Now, some people have asked me, 
they say: Well, gee, are you worried about the fact that the networks are so narrow on these plans that you can’t see your doctor? 
I honestly don’t know. I don’t know 
if my doctor is included on the plan. I haven’t looked because I ain’t going. At a $6,000 deductible, someone will have to drag me in the backdoor by the time I am dying. 
What has happened, Mr. Speaker, is 
we have created a whole subset of indi-viduals in this country who are func-tionally uninsured because the cost of their care is so high. Had Members of Congress followed the law, they would be as aware of that as our constituents are. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides 
for the consideration of two bills that begin to right some of the many wrongs included in the Affordable Care Act: H.R. 160, repealing the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board charged with cutting Medicare; and H.R. 1190, repealing the medical device tax. These are two steps that the House can take this week to help lower the rising costs of health care created under the President’s healthcare law. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of 
the rule before us and the passage of the two important pieces of legislation. The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 319 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1031) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1031. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-
though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES 
ARMED FORCES FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to the order of the House of Tuesday, June 16, 2015, I call up the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 55) directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to re-move United States Armed Forces de-ployed to Iraq or Syria on or after Au-gust 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States dip-lomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Tues-day, June 16, 2015, the concurrent reso-lution is considered read. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 55 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.030 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4456 June 17, 2015 
SECTION 1. REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES ARMED 
FORCES FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
Pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers 
Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544(c)), Congress di-rects the President to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States dip-lomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria— 
(1) by no later than the end of the period of 
30 days beginning on the day on which this concurrent resolution is adopted; or 
(2) if the President determines that it is 
not safe to remove such United States Armed Forces before the end of that period, by no later than December 31, 2015, or such earlier date as the President determines that the Armed Forces can safely be removed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The con-
current resolution shall be debatable for 2 hours equally divided among and controlled by Representative R
OYCE of 
California, Representative E NGEL of 
New York, and Representative M CGOV-
ERN of Massachusetts or their respec-
tive designees. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
ROYCE ), the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. E NGEL ), and the gentleman from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M CGOVERN ) each 
will control 40 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit state-ments or extraneous materials for the R
ECORD on this measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H. Con. Res. 55. But while I am opposed to this resolution, I do want to com-mend its author, Mr. M
CGOVERN , for 
his constant and principled attention to the issue of U.S. military engage-ment in Iraq and Syria and the role of Congress in making this decision. These are some of the most important and challenging issues that we face and that we struggle with as an institution. 
I know the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is frustrated. I have listened to him on the floor of the House. In many ways, I share his frustrations. ISIS is making too many gains. Crit-ical cities have fallen. But this resolu-tion, I believe, would take us in the op-posite direction of where U.S. policy should be. 
If the United States were to remove 
all of our forces from the theater, as this resolution calls for, ISIS would surely grow stronger. ISIS would sure-ly accelerate on a process of deci-mating all in its path, placing women under brutal oppression and, I have no doubt, further strengthening their po-sition and further threatening our Eu-ropean allies and even the U.S. home-land. More battlefield victories would support ISIS propaganda, which would support its recruitment, which would make it more deadly by the day. Mr. Speaker, no one is eager for this 
commitment, but ISIS is on the march; and this radical jihadist group is tak-ing more territory, more weapons, and more resources, threatening the gov-ernment in Baghdad and, indeed, threatening to destabilize this entire critical region. 
Now, H. Con. Res. 55 calls for the uni-
lateral withdrawal of U.S. forces from the fight against ISIS, halting all U.S. strikes against the terrorist group in Iraq and Syria. It would also leave ISIS unchecked—not only unchecked by U.S. airpower, but it would allow this brutal terrorist group, as I say, to gain strength, to destabilize the critical re-gion, and to create a safe haven from which ISIS can plot attacks against the United States. 
b1330 
H. Con. Res. 55 has nothing to do 
with authorizing the use of military force against ISIS but would unilater-ally withdraw U.S. forces from the fight. 
Last year, debating another Iraq 
measure offered by Mr. M
CGOVERN , I 
said: ‘‘Never has a terrorist organiza-tion itself controlled such a large, re-source-rich safe haven as ISIS does today. Never has a terrorist organiza-tion possessed the heavy weaponry, the cash, the personnel that ISIS does today, which includes thousands of Western passport holders.’’ 
Well, unfortunately, it is worse 
today. Just weeks ago, Ramadi, a city only 75 miles from Iraq’s capital, was overrun by ISIS and by its suicide bombers who led that first wave. 
ISIS’s goals are very clear: wreck 
every person opposing it, establish a caliphate, and then fight to expand it. ISIS has unleashed a campaign of bru-tal and depraved violence, not only against Shia Muslims and fellow Sunnis who do not share their radical beliefs, but against vulnerable reli-gious and ethnic minorities. As one witnessed testified to the Foreign Af-fairs Committee the other day: ‘‘We cherish ethnic and religious diversity. ISIS hates it.’’ And they hate in some of the most brutal ways possible. 
Mr. Speaker, many Americans may 
not realize that Iraq and Syria are home to dozens of ethnic and religious minorities, with ancient cultures with very deep roots. These communities— Assyrian and Chaldean Christians, Yazidis, Alawites, and many others— are under mortal threat in their ances-tral homelands. 
The mass execution of men, the en-
slavement of women and young girls as concubines, and the destruction of reli-gious sites is part of the ISIS effort to destroy these communities. Their plan is to make it as if those societies never existed, those religions in that area never existed. In fact, ISIS maintains a special battalion—they call it the ‘‘demolition battalion’’—charged with obliterating religious and historic sites and artifacts that it considers heret-ical. And ISIS has used the ‘‘virtual ca-
liphate’’ on the Internet to recruit for-eign fighters at an unprecedented rate. Some 20,000 of their fighters are, in fact, from offshore, are foreign fighters drawn to the area from some 90 coun-tries. Those are the numbers that now are swelling its ranks. According to in-telligence estimates, this includes at least 150 Americans that we know of. 
Yet over the last 10 or so months, the 
administration has put forth a reluc-tant and half-hearted and ineffective effort to assist our partners there on the ground. I think we all recognize that this is up to the Iraqi Government to fight to win this. We understand that. They are in the lead. But they desperately need help. And I am not prepared to say that we shouldn’t be providing any military support to the Kurds strung along a 180-mile, or sev-eral hundred mile, front, with 180,000 soldiers. Thirty percent of those Kurd-ish soldiers are female. And those young women are down there with small arms trying to hold off ISIS fighters along that line. I am not pre-pared to say that we should not be pro-viding any military support for those Kurds or for the Iraqi forces and any air support whatsoever. That is what this resolution does. 
It didn’t have to be this dire. Well 
over a year ago, when ISIS was build-ing its force in the desert in Syria, it wasn’t bombed and devastated when it could have been. It should have been. Many called for an effort at that point to have an air campaign by the U.S. and our partners to pummel ISIS as it moved across the desert in these long columns and begin the process to take city after city. It came out of Syria. First it headed to Fallujah, and there was a call to use air power to suppress and use ISIS then. That step was not taken. And for 14 separate cities, city after city, all the way to Mosul, we watched every time the request be made for air power, and that was turned down. 
Well, we are where we are now. And, 
frankly, the air campaign by the U.S. and our partners isn’t pummeling the enemy now, as it should. Daily air-strikes against the Islamic State are one-sixth of what they were in the first campaign against the Taliban back in 2001. U.S. Special Forces should be au-thorized to call in airstrikes. Most Americans would be puzzled to learn that Canadian Special Forces are doing this, but we are not. 
Pilots complain of having their hands 
tied. It has been estimated that three- quarters of U.S. aircraft return to base without discharging their weapons be-cause of overly restrictive rules of en-gagement that don’t allow them to en-gage ISIS. As one observer notes, with just ‘‘piecemeal attacks, the Obama administration has been systemati-cally squandering our air power advan-tage.’’ I think that is right. 
Adding to the problem, the regional 
forces on the ground that these air-strikes are supposed to be supporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.006 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4457 June 17, 2015 
are badly undersupplied. After 10 
months of fighting, there are still too many reports that the Kurdish Peshmerga, our allies, are outgunned on the front lines against ISIS. I have met with their foreign minister three times now as he has made this case. Again, 30 percent of his battalions, Kurdish battalions, are female battal-ions, and they can’t obtain the anti-tank weapons, the artillery, the mor-tars to use against ISIS in this battle. 
While U.S. forces have been training 
some Iraqis, that has been done way behind the front lines. Rather than pairing up with smaller units and de-ploying with them to push them to the front—and that is, by the way, a tech-nique that has proven effective in Af-ghanistan and Iraq in the past—this has not been done. U.S. advisers are unable to bolster Iraqi units when they come under attack or to call in air-strikes by U.S. planes. We don’t have the capacity to do that. And that limi-tation tragically helped Ramadi fall. 
Mr. Speaker, our friends and allies 
and partners in this region of the world are in serious trouble from the threat of ISIS. They need our help. Employing our air power like we should, getting those weapons to the front lines that are needed by the Kurds, putting more U.S. Special Forces into place, would help turn this around. 
But that is not at all what this meas-
ure calls for. As I say, it is quite the opposite. It calls for the President to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on August 7 or after. 
The Foreign Affairs Committee has 
held many hearings on ISIS and insta-bility in the region. We haven’t heard any witnesses make the case that com-plete withdrawal is what is needed. 
What would happen to Iraq, what 
would happen to Jordan, what would happen to civilians in the theater? I think we can all agree that situation would compound. 
This is the question in front of us 
today: Do we pull the modest number of our modest presence out of this the-ater and see ISIS run wild across the Iraqi desert with no help from the United States? I don’t think so. 
There is no military-only answer to 
the ISIS challenge. The Iraqi Govern-ment must do far more to reconcile with Sunnis, building confidence and empowering them to take on ISIS. ISIS must be attacked financially, and its propaganda must be relentlessly chal-lenged. And Arab leaders need to lead. But just as there is no military-only answer, there is no answer without a military component of helping the Kurds and helping those who are fight-ing ISIS. And, right now, the U.S. role, as much as we may regret it, is needed desperately. 
Mr. Speaker, in the national security 
interest of the United States, I ask all Members to oppose H. Con. Res. 55. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H. Con. Res. 55. 
Let me first say that I believe Con-
gress needs to do its job and pass an AUMF, which is the Authorization for Use of Military Force. We should have acted on this months ago. So this is the right message. But, with only the highest respect to my colleague from Massachusetts, I believe that with-drawal by a date certain at this time is the wrong policy. 
This measure would direct the Presi-
dent to remove all U.S. Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria since August 7, 2014, except those needed to protect American diplomatic facilities and per-sonnel. That is no way to defeat ISIS or to help the people of Iraq and Syria. I cannot vote for a policy I do not sup-port. However, I share the frustration voiced by Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, and 
many others. 
I have said time and time again that 
Congress should pass a new AUMF. We owe it to the American people, we should do our job, and we owe it to our men and women in uniform. Congres-sional inaction on an AUMF is inexcus-able. Congress has had months to con-sider the President’s language, and it is well past time we act. 
Right now, the administration is 
using the resolution we passed after September 11, 2001, as the legal jus-tification to fight ISIS. This is deeply problematic. 
First of all, the 2001 AUMF has none 
of the limits many of us are seeking. The American people have no stomach for another large-scale, open-ended commitment of American troops in the Middle East. It was our disastrous intervention in Iraq last decade that set the stage for the rise of ISIS in the first place. This is a new challenge, and we need new parameters to define our mission and our goals. 
At the same time, using a 2001 au-
thorization for a 2015 conflict sets a terrible precedent. What happens in 5 years when the next administration does the same thing and 5 years after that and 5 years after that? We didn’t vote for perpetual war, and we need a new AUMF. 
We cannot allow that outcome. With 
a new AUMF, I hope it will be a bipar-tisan effort. I hope it will be the hall-mark of our work on the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. 
I commend my friend, Mr. M
CGOV-
ERN, for taking a stand on this issue, 
and we are in agreement that the United States must avoid another failed open-ended war in the Middle East. But there is a role for the United States in this region, and we should not just vote to withdraw. I believe that would be cutting off our nose to spite our face. 
The United States has already made 
a difference by supporting the Iraqis and the Syrians who are fighting ISIS. It is a difficult fight, but I don’t think we can walk away. 
With American leadership, we were 
able to prevent a wholesale slaughter of Yazidi people. With American help, our Iraqi partners were able to main-
tain control of the Mosul Dam, which, if breached by ISIS, could have re-sulted in the death and displacement of up to 2 million people. With American assistance, the Iraqi Security Forces and the moderate Syrian opposition are taking back territory, too slowly, but they are taking back territory, particularly in the south. 
The Foreign Affairs Committee just 
had a hearing earlier this morning and we saw horrific situations of children being gassed in Syria. There is no good side in Syria. We have got to somehow let the Free Syrian Army or the rebels, the well-vetted moderate rebels, we have got to help them, and that is why I believe there is still a role for us to play. A precipitous withdrawal by turning our heads away because we are fed up and disgusted, I think, is not the right move. 
So this fight is far from over, and the 
United States has a critical role to play. We need an authorization that de-fines a role for the United States, a limited role, and that is the measure I will support. 
I, again, do want to thank Mr. 
M
CGOVERN for bringing this issue to 
the floor. He is a thoughtful, effective colleague. And while I appreciate his resolution, I commend him for focusing this Congress on this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1345 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 
55, which comes before the House today under the provisions of the War Powers resolution. Along with my colleagues W
ALTER JONES and B ARBARA LEE, we 
introduced this bipartisan bill to force a debate on how Congress has failed to carry out its constitutional duty to au-thorize our military engagement in Iraq and Syria. 
Last August, the President author-
ized airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. For over 10 months, the United States has been en-gaged in hostilities in Iraq and Syria without debating an authorization for this war. 
On February 11 of this year, over 4 
months ago, the President sent to Con-gress the text for an Authorization for Use of Military Force on combating the Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, and else-where; yet Congress has failed to act on that AUMF or to bring an alter-native to the House floor, even though we continue to authorize and appro-priate money for sustained military op-erations in those countries. 
This is unacceptable. This House ap-
pears to have no problem sending our uniformed men and women into harm’s way. It appears to have no problem spending billions of dollars for the arms, equipment, and airpower to carry out these wars, but it just can’t bring itself to step up to the plate and take responsibility for these wars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.034 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4458 June 17, 2015 
Our servicemen and -women are 
brave and dedicated. Congress, how-ever, is guilty of moral cowardice. The Republican leadership of this House whines and complains from the side-lines, and all the while, it shirks its constitutional duties to bring an AUMF to the floor of this House, de-bate it, and vote on it. 
This resolution requires the Presi-
dent to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq and Syria within 30 days or no later than the end of this year, December 31, 2015. If this House approves this resolu-tion, Congress would still have 6 months in which to do the right thing and bring an AUMF before the House and Senate for debate and action—6 months. 
Either Congress needs to live up to 
its responsibilities and authorize this war, or by its continuing neglect and indifference, our troops should be with-drawn and should come home. It is that simple. 
Two weeks ago, General John Allen, 
the U.S. envoy for the U.S.-led coali-tion that is fighting ISIL, said that this fight may take ‘‘a generation or more.’’ According to the Pentagon, we have spent more than $2.74 billion in the fight against the Islamic State. That is roughly $9.1 million each and every day. We have approximately 3,500 boots on the ground, and that number is rising. 
If we are going to invest a generation 
or more of our blood and our treasure in this war and if we are going to con-tinue to tell our Armed Forces that we expect them to fight and die in these wars, it seems to me the least we can do is stand up and vote to authorize these wars or we should end them. 
We owe that to the American people. 
We owe that to our troops and their families. We owe that to the oath of of-fice that each of us took to uphold the Constitution of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to hear all 
kinds of crazy today about this resolu-tion. Some Members will say that it demands the withdrawal of our troops in 30 days. That is true if you only read half of a sentence in the bill. The other half makes clear that the President has until the end of the year to withdraw our troops. 
Some Members will claim that this 
resolution will undercut our troops while they are carrying out bombing campaigns and training Iraqi and Syr-ian soldiers under dangerous condi-tions. They will claim it will deny the Iraqis and the Kurds our critical sup-port in the fight against the brutal ter-ror and threat of ISIS. They will claim that it will leave ISIS unchecked by U.S. airpower and allow them to over-run the region. 
Mr. Speaker, the truth is that it is 
precisely these threats and these chal-lenges that make this debate so urgent. With such compelling issues at hand, how can Congress stand by and do nothing? How can Congress not have this debate and vote on an authoriza-tion for this war? By setting a clear deadline Congress 
cannot ignore, this resolution provides a strong guarantee that Congress will finally do its job, that Congress will honor its duty to our troops and to all Americans by debating and voting on an authorization for this war. Our troops deserve a Congress that has the courage to stand with them. 
I see the courage and sacrifice of our 
uniformed men and women, but I see nothing but cowardice from the leader-ship in this House. If they believe we should send our military forces to Iraq and Syria to fight ISIS and possibly die over there, then, for heaven’s sake, we should do our duty—we should do our job—and bring an AUMF to the House floor, debate it, and take some respon-sibility for this war. 
That is all this resolution is trying 
to do. Give the leadership of this House a deadline that even it can’t ignore. Ei-ther enact an AUMF over the next 6 months or withdraw our forces from Iraq and Syria, one or the other. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 2 minutes. 
Again, the resolution before us today 
has nothing to do with an Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force; it is a withdrawal resolution. I don’t want to leave some of the oversimplified Au-thorization for Use of Military Force rhetoric here unaddressed. 
The real question that the pro-
ponents are begging is: What should the United States be doing to combat ISIS? The answer with regard to to-day’s resolution would be nothing and 
that we should withdraw from com-bating the ISIS threat. That would be irresponsible and dangerous. 
I don’t disagree that the current 
state of the legal authorities the Presi-dent is using against ISIS is less than ideal from our institution’s perspec-tive, but that does not equal illegal and unconstitutional. I say this as someone who is deeply concerned about the President’s weak and unstrategic re-sponse to the ISIS threat. 
The President has short-circuited 
this debate by claiming complete au-thority under prior statutes to use our Armed Forces against ISIS. His admin-istration has made the case that ISIS, which was previously known as al Qaeda in Iraq, ‘‘has been an enemy of the United States within the scope of the 2001 authorization—continuously— since at least 2004.’’ He has made the case that ISIS grew out of al Qaeda in Iraq and, in point of fact, that that is where ISIS came from. 
No AUMF we could draft could give 
the President more operational author-ity than he already claims. Indeed, the draft text he sent asks us to constrain the authority that he already has and complicating, by the way, the effort to reach consensus. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself an addi-
tional 2 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, just last week, this 
body considered a Defense Appropria-tions amendment that would have used 
Congress’ constitutional power of the purse to force the AUMF issue, cutting off funding if Congress does not enact an ISIS-specific AUMF within the next year. That proposal failed in this insti-tution. 
The reality is that Congress has 
made decisions that amount to, in a practical view, disagreeing with the au-thors of this resolution. Allowing the President to use current force authori-ties against ISIS is preferable to refus-ing to confront the threat ISIS poses to our national security altogether. 
Now, I will continue to work with 
Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL and all 
of our colleagues to see if we can find a way forward on a revised and updated authorization that is focused on the vi-cious and growing threat posed by ISIS. That is what we need to be work-ing on together. 
Merely acting without a credible way 
forward is foolhardy. It is not brave. A divisive and unsuccessful AUMF proc-ess would be perceived by our allies, our partners, and our enemies as a vote of no confidence in the fight against ISIS, resulting in a significant blow to the national security of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), who chairs the Armed 
Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, while I respect my col-
league who offered this amendment, I oppose this resolution and urge my col-leagues to vote in opposition. 
This unwise resolution would call for 
the unilateral withdrawal of U.S. forces from the fight against ISIL and leave this growing evil to continue to expand, terrorizing millions. 
This resolution would do more than 
halt all U.S. strikes against the ter-rorist group in Iraq and Syria, remov-ing the approximately 3,500 U.S. train-ers from Iraq; it would unwisely deny the Kurdish Peshmerga critical support to fight against the brutal and barbaric terrorist group, leaving them alone to stop this threat. 
This resolution would leave ISIL un-
checked by U.S. airpower and allow the vicious terrorist group to gain strength as it would further destabilize the re-gion by threatening allies, such as Jor-dan, and create a largely uncontested safe haven from which ISIL could plot attacks against the United States. 
It would allow the continued bru-
tality of a group that beheads inno-cents, including Americans, that forces women and children into sexual slav-ery, that destroys religious heritage sites, and that targets Christians and others. 
This resolution has nothing to do 
with authorizing the use of military force against ISIL; instead, this resolu-tion simply unilaterally withdraws our U.S. forces from fighting back against this evil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.036 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4459 June 17, 2015 
I urge opposition to this resolution. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, again, let 
me say that what we have here, as well-intentioned as I know it is, is a unilateral withdrawal, clean and sim-ple. I understand the frustration, but this is like cutting off your nose to spite your face. I think we need to be very, very careful before we do these things unilaterally. 
It is now my pleasure to yield 4 min-
utes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my good 
friend E LIOT ENGEL from New York, the 
distinguished ranking member of the full committee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and I thank my friend E
DROYCE , the chairman of the 
full committee. They are both distin-guished men, and I echo their senti-ments. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in reluctant 
opposition to the measure offered by my friend from my home State of Mas-sachusetts, Mr. M
CGOVERN , whose sin-
cerity can never be questioned in this body. 
I understand the purpose underlying 
this legislation, and I identify with the frustration that it expresses as, I think, do all of us. 
Proponents of the measure want Con-
gress to debate and vote on the use of military force in Iraq and Syria, and so do I. Proponents of this measure be-lieve that Congress has failed to per-form its constitutional duty by not taking up the Authorization for Use of Military Force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and so do I. 
In fact, I believe the failure to debate 
an AUMF against ISIL is a continu-ation of a sad but 60-year pattern of Congress’ abrogating one of its most fundamental constitutional roles and responsibilities. For an institution that constantly laments its subjuga-tion at the hands of the executive 
branch, the retreat from its constitu-tional responsibility on this matter, frankly, is jaw-dropping. 
It is time Congress makes crystal 
clear to the administration, to our al-lies, to our constituents, and to our military families the circumstances and parameters under which we would, once again, authorize engagement for our and by our men and women in uni-form in this tumultuous region of the world or, for that matter, anywhere; but one cannot endorse the tactic of this measure. 
This is constructed to be a sort of 
sword of Damocles that threatens us, Congress, with the automatic with-drawal of our forces in the region in order to force congressional action with an AUMF. 
Congress should not heed such a mes-
sage, nor should it cater to such a sword hanging over its head in order to do its job. An ill-defined mission with no clear mandate and conflicting objec-tives is hardly a formula for a military or a political victory. 
We should welcome a robust and 
transparent debate on the matter of an AUMF but not at any cost on the bat-
tlefield itself—a withdrawal, as this resolution proposes, mandated irre-spective of battlefield reality, of bat-tlefield progress lately against ISIS, a withdrawal mandated irrespective of our commitments to the Kurds or, for that matter, to the Iraqi Government itself. 
b1400 
That would be irresponsible and un-
worthy of a great power, however noble the underlying cause is. We have re-sponsibilities on the ground. 
This resolution was drafted, as they 
say in Latin, ceteris paribus—all other things being equal. That is to say, in a perfect world. We don’t live in a perfect world. Our engagements are what they are. Our commitments are what they are. 
I don’t share the distinguished chair-
man’s criticism of this administration. It is a murky region to begin with. Our leverage is limited; our choices are dark and complicated. But we are mak-ing progress in the region as we speak. To simply ignore all of that and insist we withdraw, in my view, would be ir-responsible and unworthy of this great Nation. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Let me just say to my colleagues, 
while I appreciate their thoughtful statements, this resolution that we are debating here today would have no standing if there were an AUMF. We wouldn’t even be allowed to bring this to the floor. 
I guess my question is: What do we 
have to do? What do Members of this House, both Democrats and Repub-licans, have to do to force the leader-ship here to bring to the floor an AUMF so we can do our job? That is all we are asking for. And, yes, this is a blunt instrument to do it, but I don’t know what else it will take to force this issue. I think we owe it to our servicemen and -women to have this debate and to have this vote. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ), a co-
sponsor of this resolution. 
Mr. JONES. I thank Mr. M CGOVERN  
for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, as many people have 
said today, even those who are for the resolution and against the resolution, we have a constitutional duty. That duty is to debate. I want to quote James Madison, to put the context on what we are trying to say today: ‘‘The power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully and exclusively vested in the leg-islature.’’ Not the executive branch, but the legislature. 
The frustration that we have felt 
goes back to August of 2014, when J
IM 
MCGOVERN and B ARBARA LEEand W AL-
TERJONES wrote asking the Speaker of 
the House to allow us to have a debate. That is why Mr. M
CGOVERN , BARBARA  
LEE, and I have put this resolution in 
today, to force a debate. We wouldn’t be talking about the Middle East if it 
weren’t for this resolution. 
In September, I sent my own letter 
to Speaker B OEHNER and asked for a 
full debate on an Authorization for Use of Military Force in the region. None of these letters have been answered. None of them. Last September, Speaker B
OEHNER told The New York Times 
that he wanted to wait until 2015 to bring an AUMF to the floor of the House for a debate and a vote to avoid bringing it up during a lame duck ses-sion. Okay, I can accept that, that makes good sense. It does. 
In December, Speaker B
OEHNER said 
the House Republicans would work with the President to get an AUMF re-quest approved if the President sent one to Congress. As Mr. M
CGOVERN just 
said, he did send us one in February. Most people—Democrat and Repub-lican—didn’t particularly like what was in the AUMF, but at least it was the vehicle for the debate. But then in February when the Speaker of the House received it, he didn’t do any-thing with it. Nothing has happened. 
As has been said by speakers before 
me, last month J
IMMCGOVERN , BAR-
BARA LEE, and I sent another letter to 
the Speaker of the House asking for a debate. Nothing happened. That is the reason this resolution is on the floor. It is because, as Madison said: House, do your job. He didn’t say: Executive branch, do your job. He said the legis-lative branch. That is us. We need to do this on behalf of the Constitution and on behalf of our young men and women in uniform who will give their life for this country. 
As has been said before me, it has 
been 314 days since President Obama started launching airstrikes and put-ting troops in Iraq and Syria without receiving the authorization by Con-gress. According to the Pentagon, we have spent over $9 million a day fight-ing ISIS, for a total of $2.7 billion. Isn’t this another reason that we should be debating the Middle East and our role in the Middle East? I think so. 
Let me repeat James Madison: ‘‘The 
power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully and exclusively vested in the leg-islature.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. JONES. In closing, Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to say that I bring these pictures to the floor of those who give their life for this country. This is a flag-draped coffin being pulled off a transport plane in Dover, Delaware, and it is time that we meet our obliga-tion and debate this issue of war be-cause we are not doing our job. We owe it to the American people, to the Con-stitution, and to those who wear the uniform. 
I thank Mr. M
CGOVERN for the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.037 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4460 June 17, 2015 
THECONSTITUTION PROJECT , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Hon. J IMMCGOVERN , 
House of Representatives, Hon. W
ALTER JONES , 
House of Representatives, Hon. B
ARBARA LEE, 
House of Representatives, 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVES MCGOVERN , JONES  
AND LEE: We write to applaud you for your 
efforts to compel Congress to exercise its constitutional responsibility to decide on war. For ten months President Obama has prosecuted the war against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) under a spe-cious legal claim that Congress authorized it fourteen years ago. Congress has done no such thing. It is high time that Members weighed in. 
We take no position on grave policy 
choices about whether to continue to use military force against ISIL, and if so how. But Congress must. The Framers vested the war power in the legislative branch precisely because they believed that young Americans should only be put in harm’s way when the people, through their representatives’ collec-tive judgment, approved it. 
We know this is the most difficult issue 
that Members face. It is also your most im-portant responsibility. If Congress agrees that U.S. service men and women should be engaged in battle, it is Members’ constitu-tional duty to say so. If Congress disagrees, those men and women should come home. What Congress cannot do is continue to avoid the question. We support H. Con. Res. 55 because it would force this long-overdue debate and vote. 
Please do not hesitate to contact us, via 
Scott Roehm at The Constitution Project, with any questions or concerns. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICKEY EDWARDS , 
Vice President, Aspen 
Institute; former Member of Congress (R–OK) and Chair-man of the House Republican Policy Committee; co-chair The Constitution Project War Powers Committee 
L
OUIS FISHER , 
Specialist in Constitu-
tional Law, Law Li-brary of Congress (ret.); Scholar in Residence, The Con-stitution Project 
V
IRGINIA SLOAN , 
President, The Con-
stitution Project. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs and chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I 
thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leader-
ship, along with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL . 
I am in opposition to H. Con. Res. 55, 
which would withdraw U.S. forces cur-rently deployed to Iraq and Syria, which are providing regional stability to protect American families. Sadly, this resolution will undermine Amer-ica’s current campaign to fight terror-ists overseas. It would end our air cam-paign in Iraq and Syria, stop our train-ing and equipping of Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga and Sunni tribal forces, as 
well as moderate Syrian opposition forces, and abandon our commitment to our partners in the region. 
The resolution would promote ISIS/ 
Daesh’s momentum, create safe havens for terrorists to attack American fami-lies, and increase the Tehran regime’s influence of a murderous ideology that declares: Death to America, death to Israel. It would allow Daesh to become an even bigger threat to American fam-ilies, as we have seen with attacks from New York to Boston. Retreating will create safe havens to enable more attacks on American families. We must remember September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Unilateral withdrawal will not stop the war, as our enemies will continue their at-tacks. 
The resolution does not consider the 
situation on the ground in Iraq or Syria or the recommendations of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Indeed, this morning, Chairman Martin Dempsey said that withdrawing the troops would be a mistake and put America at great-er risk. 
As the grateful dad of two sons who 
have served in Iraq, I would prefer a clear strategy of victory for our mis-sion in Iraq and Syria. We should not abandon the efforts of peace through strength. I want to work with Members across the aisle to develop a better ap-proach. It is my hope we will take steps to accomplish this. 
While Operation Inherent Resolve 
has shortcomings, it is the only course of action that takes steps toward stop-ping jihadist extremists overseas. I am opposed to House Concurrent Resolu-tion 55 and urge my colleagues to vote against it as well. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ), a ris-
ing star on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. I thank the ranking member and also the chair of our committee. I also want to thank the sponsor and author of this resolution, Mr. M
CGOVERN . 
Thanks to him, we finally have a chance to discuss and debate this issue right here on the House floor. 
Mr. Speaker, before I entered this 
body, when I was a State legislator and a candidate, I noticed back last Au-gust-September, as the ISIS/Daesh movement was growing in Iraq and Syria and other parts of the Middle East, the British Parliament rushed back to London to debate a war resolu-tion. I was deeply disappointed, as an American citizen, and, quite frankly, shocked that the United States Con-gress did not do exactly the same thing; to come here and outline and de-bate the parameters by which we would authorize the President to wage war against this evil and barbaric threat. Unfortunately, that did not happen. 
Several months ago—I think it might 
have been back in January—President Obama did submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which I am proudly 
a member, an Authorization for Use of Military Force. Unfortunately, that AUMF, somewhat predictably, got at-tacked by some on the right as insuffi-cient in some areas; and, frankly, got attacked by some on the left as insuffi-cient in other areas. Both sides had le-gitimate discussions and concerns. 
What went wrong after that is that 
we didn’t actually have that discussion or debate right here on the House floor. It was too easy for Members of this body to just say: This is too difficult; we are going to let the President han-dle it, and we are going to shirk our re-sponsibility. That is wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. I do not 
support the resolution that is in front of us and will not be voting for it. I think an outright withdrawal of troops within the next 6 weeks would be a ter-rible mistake and is not the approach that we should take, but I do believe it is about time we do our duty and re-sponsibility and have this discussion and debate. It is about time we, the Congress of the United States, on a bi-partisan basis, come up with an action-able plan to fight and defeat ISIS, one that is consistent with our values and at the same time one that does not in-advertently commit us to 5 and 10 years down the road responsibilities that we do not envision today. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ), who believes Con-
gress ought to do its job and pass an AUMF. 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. L EE, I thought the House 
would be screaming at the opportunity to justify sending young men and women to a part of the world that we believe is of danger to the entire com-munity. 
I am so amazed that people are say-
ing that this resolution calls for the immediate withdrawal of our troops. I don’t read it that way because I don’t know of anything that justifies them being there, and this could be scream-ing for a reason why the administra-tion and Members of Congress want these troops there. 
I have no clue as to why people be-
lieve that these people, who have been fighting each other for thousands of years, are a threat to my Nation’s na-tional security. I don’t know of any of my constituents that go to sleep at night worried about ISIS invading their jobless community. 
I do know—because I am old enough 
to remember—that when the Japanese struck Pearl Harbor, immediately President Roosevelt called the Con-gress to declare war, and America, with pride, came out to support our Nation and our President. 
Now, I don’t see the connection be-
tween ISIS and being struck by Japa-nese and Germans, but I know one thing: When an American dies, when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.010 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4461 June 17, 2015 
they lose their lives, when we send 
them overseas, when they come back wounded or deranged, we have an obli-gation in this body to justify why we have done it. 
I may be wrong, but the reason I 
think we run away from this responsi-bility is because we don’t really feel the pain of the people we are sending all over the world and exposing them to losing their lives. Why don’t we feel it? Don’t we say, ‘‘Thank you for your service’’? Do we thank the people who don’t come back? Do we explain and go to the funerals that I go to as to why they were there? Do we explain that the President of the United States and the Members of this House believe it is 
important for them to be there? All you have to do is come here, declare war, or justify why the security of the United States is being threatened, and I then will be prepared to send some-body else’s kids to fight this war to protect the rest of our country. We don’t have a draft. We don’t pay for the war. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York. 
b1415 
Mr. RANGEL. I conclude by saying 
that, when issues are serious enough for us to draft other people’s kids, when they are serious enough for us to say that we are not going to borrow money from Communist China to pay for these wars, then I can be convinced, even if I disagree, that when this Con-gress and this President believes my country is being threatened, you count me in. 
Until such time, we are waiting to 
hear about the threat to our national security so that we can make up our minds. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, only in 
Congress do you have a resolution pre-sented to deauthorize the use of force because you want to authorize the use of force. 
It is, quite frankly, pretty insulting 
that you would present a proposal to this body to withdraw troops and then accuse the other side of having moral cowardice for opposing the resolution. 
There needs to be more mention of 
the President’s strategy to defeat ISIS—or lack thereof. We have a duty here in Congress to set our troops up to succeed, not to fail. 
There has been a lot of debate with 
regard to the Authorization for Use of Military Force. I am proud to serve on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Chair-man R
OYCE has had multiple hearings 
discussing the Authorization for Use of Military Force. 
Secretary Kerry was before the com-
mittee. He was asked: ‘‘Does this au-thorization authorize offensive ac-tion?’’ He said: ‘‘No.’’ 
There was a five-paragraph letter 
since—with the authorization request— talking about the need to use Special Forces. We can’t get a straight answer from this administration as to whether or not he is referring to ours. 
Yes, we have a duty to set our troops 
up to succeed, and not fail. We had a Marine general in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee. When asked wheth-er or not the general in charge of our troops overseas in Iraq has the ability to authorize the mission to take out Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi or capture ac-tionable intelligence, he read a para-graph that simply said that that gen-eral can make a recommendation. 
What is further insulting is just how 
many people don’t even know the name of that two-star general. Not only does he not have the flexibility and re-sources he needs to accomplish the mission from the administration that is in charge right now, led by the Com-mander in Chief, my constituents— Americans—don’t even know that gen-tleman’s name. 
Yes, there has been a lot of debate. 
We have a need to protect our troops. That is why I oppose this resolution. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Let me just reiterate that I agree 
that Congress should do its job and pass a new AUMF. The question is: Is this the best way to do it? We ought to pass the right AUMF, not just any AUMF, and we are told we should force the issue. 
I had a friend who used to say: ‘‘Be 
careful what you wish for.’’ If we pass this resolution, it is more than possible the Republican leadership will force through language that we on this side of the aisle cannot accept, something that does not have the limits the Democrats are seeking, or worse, just ratify the administration’s argument that the 2001 AUMF applies to ISIL. 
We need to pass an AUMF, I agree, 
but we need to pass the right AUMF, even if that means we can’t do it with-in 6 months. I hope we can get together and do that—and we should—and that is why I think this debate is good; but I think passing any AUMF is like buy-ing a pig in a poke, and I am not ready to go down that line. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we 
should have passed an AUMF before we got into this latest war. We have been at it for 10 months. We are asking Con-gress to do its job in the next 6 months. How much longer do we want? 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
Mr. MASSIE. I thank the gentleman 
from Massachusetts for yielding. 
I think some words from James 
Madison are instructive to this debate. He said: 
In no part of the Constitution is more wis-
dom to be found than in the clause which confides the question of war and peace to the legislature, and not to the executive depart-ment. Beside the objection to such a mixture of heterogeneous powers, the trust and the 
temptation would be too great for any one man . . . War is in fact the true nurse of ex-ecutive aggrandizement. In war, a physical force is to be created; and it is the executive which is to direct it. In war, the public treas-ures are to be unlocked; and it is the execu-tive hand which is to dispense them. 
Hence, it has grown into an axiom that the 
executive is the department of power most distinguished by its propensity to war; hence, it is the practice of all States, in pro-portion as they are free, to disarm this pro-pensity of its influence. 
That was a warning that he gave us. 
Unfortunately, after being in this con-flict for several years without an au-thorization from Congress, we have de-volved into the dystopian condition that he warned us about. 
I don’t think anybody in this body 
seeks to weaken our powers or give them to the President. What we are de-bating here is when to have the Au-thorization for Use of Military Force or a declaration of war. The time to have that was 2 years ago. It was years ago, before the President acted. 
To the people who are against this 
resolution, I say you could be right. You might be right. If this resolution fails, I hope you are right, that this resolution wasn’t necessary, and we do assert our constitutional prerogative, our responsibility, and have that de-bate and therefore instruct the Presi-dent on the reasons for this engage-ment and what his directives are. 
I just want to remind my colleagues 
this is a strategy, this is a parliamen-tary tactic that is necessary to force the debate, and let’s have the debate. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Judge P
OE, chairman of the Foreign Af-
fairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I, like the author of 
this resolution, am concerned about our troops that have been in Iraq and Afghanistan for a long time. 
In my office, I have photographs of 
the 37 Texans with connections to my district who have been killed in Iraq or Afghanistan, of all races, both sexes, and all branches of the service. Here we are, years later, and we are still there. 
I am also concerned about this group 
ISIS. The question is: Is ISIS a na-tional security threat to the United States? I believe that it is. They are doing things to other people that we haven’t seen in world history since the barbarians, and they are doing things much worse than even the barbarians did. 
ISIS wants to establish a caliphate in 
the Middle East. It wants to kill us in the United States. They have made that clear. 
If ISIS is a national security threat 
to the U.S., which I believe it is, then let’s have a plan to defeat them, a plan now. Why are we waiting years to make this decision? Have the debate on the House floor: Are they a national se-curity threat? If yes, go after them; if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.039 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4462 June 17, 2015 
not, then do something else. Mean-
while, people of all nations are dying. 
I believe that ISIS will continue as 
long as there is not someone to stop them. It is in our national security in-terest to defeat them. The United States needs to have a plan. People of all nations are dying. We need to make a decision. 
We need to make a decision as soon 
as possible, and we need to pick a horse and ride it, and we need to do it now. This bill is not the answer to doing that. Passing this legislation weakens us and weakens our national security. I oppose it. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, this debate is personal to me. I watched my son Ben, then a proud United States marine, being sent off to 
two wars, Afghanistan and Iraq. My family was blessed; he returned safely. 
Both sides of the aisle know the price 
of the battle: too many killed, too many deeply scarred, too many lives of loved ones disrupted, trillions of dol-lars spent, and the reputation of our country at stake—sometimes for good reasons and sometimes in tragic error. 
I will agree with those who say that, 
when terror strikes in the world, it is our concern and it does require our leadership. There are times when we must risk brave lives to save many more. With that said, when I came to Washington, I vowed not to send any-one else’s son or daughter in harm’s way unless I understood the mission and the end game, too. 
We owe this to all our children. That 
is why I urge my colleagues to take the time to deliberate and debate on the use of force against the terrorists who threaten the security of our country and our allies. Congress has no greater responsibility. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, arti-
cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitution is clear: Congress, and Congress alone, shall have the power to declare war. 
Make no mistake, the current cam-
paign against ISIS is a war. 
Mr. Speaker, our esteemed colleague 
from Texas made a very cogent argu-ment about why we need clarity. The inability to have a clear plan is based upon the fact that Congress has not yet articulated an authorization to use force that would lay out the param-eters and the extent of what we would expect the President to do. 
The President says he has the au-
thorization under the 2001 and 2002 au-thorizations. Ambiguity, clearly, is present. I disagree with the President on those as an authorization. I have ar-gued for more than 10 months that our military operations against ISIS need their own authorization. 
The President did his part. He sub-
mitted a draft to us in February. Since then, we have had a few committee 
hearings, but no real action. Leader-ship in both Houses has refused to schedule votes on this issue, either in committee or on the floor. That is un-acceptable. 
We have already run up significant 
costs, $2.7 billion on operations to con-tinue the fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. We have begun delivering $1.7 billion of weapons. More importantly, we have lost 7 servicemembers already. 
This has to change. This resolution is 
to force us, the Congress, to uphold our constitutional duty to debate and vote on the authorization for the use of force in Iraq and Syria. I have no doubt that if this resolution passes, an appro-priate authorization to use force will be passed, and we will have clarity as to the scope and conduct of this war. 
I thank my colleagues for intro-
ducing this legislation. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
Mr. HOLDING. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the res-
olution in front of us today. 
If passed, the pressure we the United 
States have been able to apply against ISIS would be stopped, and our allies in the region would be left out in the cold. 
There is no doubt about the true 
wickedness of ISIS in both Iraq and Syria. Their twisted views and thirst for blood have spread instability in the Middle East, leaving a wake of destruc-tion. 
The United States, along with our 
partners, has struggled to beat back ISIS’ advances, and the adoption of this resolution would effectively end our operations against ISIS, thus cre-ating a direct threat to our national security and our interests. 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution is mis-
guided and unwise, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the resolution brought to the floor by my colleague, Mr. M
CGOVERN . 
No one disputes the horrific nature of 
the activities being described today and the sickening violence in this re-gion of the world. No one disputes they must be defeated. The question is: What is the best strategy to defeat them and what authorization is re-quired to accomplish this objective? 
This is exactly the purpose of a full, 
thoughtful debate on the use of mili-tary force. 
b1430 
My constituents expect Congress to 
do its job, and we have failed for 4 months to act on the President’s draft for the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force. 
There is no more serious duty that 
we have than the declaration of war, and I thank my friend from Massachu-
setts for taking an action intended to force the House to perform its con-stitutional responsibility and debate the use of military force in Iraq and Syria. This resolution is our only vehi-cle to force the House to do what it has failed to do. 
Over the past 14 years, the United 
States has lost more than 6,000 heroes who served our Nation in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned about the possibility that we could continue to commit more brave American men and women in uniform to a conflict without carefully consid-ering, seriously debating, and properly authorizing that use of military force. 
Allowing this military action to con-
tinue without a real public debate is failing our most solemn responsibility as Members of Congress. This is the only way that we will ultimately de-velop and implement a successful strategy—a rigorous debate in full pub-lic view. 
We absolutely must ensure that any 
additional involvement in any way has clearly defined goals and objectives, is properly limited in scope, and is fully explained to and supported by the American people. That is what Mr. M
CGOVERN ’s resolution attempts to do, 
to force this House over the next sev-eral months to undertake its constitu-tional responsibility to debate, to care-fully consider, and to ultimately au-thorize the use of military force. We should not shirk this responsibility. 
I thank the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for giving us the opportunity to make our voices heard. I thank the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this hour, this minute, this second is actually a gift to the American people. I thank the proponents of this resolu-tion because it recognizes, first and above all, that this little document, the Constitution, albeit small, creates mountains of responsibility on behalf of the American people. 
This moment, this minute, this sec-
ond we are giving the American people their due and their respect, and that is to acknowledge that there must be a full debate on sending our treasure continuously to Iraq and Syria. There is no divide between us on the vileness of ISIS and all of the terrorist groups and the willingness of the American people to be empathetic, sympathetic, and helping the Iraqis and Syrians and those who are suffering and those who are bleeding. 
But the question has to be, after 6,000 
wounded, hundreds who have been killed particularly in my State, and thousands more across the Nation, we have to find the pathway where all of us know what we are doing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.041 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4463 June 17, 2015 
This is an important resolution. We 
need the debate, and we need to under-stand that our soldiers need to be pro-tected and ultimately brought home. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. 
Con. Res. 55, directing the President, pursu-ant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolu-tion, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria. 
This resolution provides a procedural mech-
anism for Congress to do its job. 
Specifically, the resolution gives the House 
leadership 6 months to take up an AUMF, de-bate it and vote up or voted down. 
This time frame allows the President the op-
portunity to revise the AUMF to state his ob-jectives and goals for consideration by Con-gress. 
As a senior member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security and Investigations, I stand in strong support of our country’s armed forces’ might and our valiant soldiers and armed personnel who have fought to pro-tect our country. 
I also stand with the American people and 
taxpayers, who have placed their trust in the President and his Administration through war and peace. 
After all, not too long ago, he was one of us 
grappling with the war logic we were pre-sented by the prior administration. 
President Obama inherited this war, along 
with a problematic economy and we applaud all his good faith efforts to do ‘‘damage con-trol’’ to fix a problem he did not create as it re-lates to ending war and facilitating a better economy for the American people. 
I recognize that it is not an easy feat to fix 
our problematic war policies under enormous pressure from both sides of the aisle. 
We recognize that the President has been 
thoughtful, deliberative and judicious about our presence in Iraq and Syria. 
We appreciate the threat to the United 
States posed by the current instability in the Middle East, especially with events in the re-cent past: the Arab Spring, ISIS in Iraq and Syria. 
We have spent nearly trillions of dollars in 
wars against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. 
Let me be clear the threat of ISIS and ter-
rorism is clear. 
That is why we need to have a full clear and 
comprehensive debate on what the plan is. 
We have six months to do it and thus we 
can be thoughtful and deliberate about it. 
To keep our homeland safe, we must be 
able to defeat and destroy ISIS. 
Over 7,000 fallen heroes have sacrificed 
their lives to protect our country and help fa-cilitate democracy in Iraq and Syria. 
Their devotion to our country is remarkable 
and inspiring. 
The Islamic State, also known as ISIS is 
gobbling up land in Iraq and Syria. 
In 2007, I introduced H.R. 930, the ‘‘Military 
Success in Iraq and Diplomatic Surge for Po-litical and National Reconciliation in Iraq Act of 2007’’ (MSIA). 
Among other things, H.R. 930, would re-
quire a diplomatic full-court press designed to engage all six of Iraq’s neighbors—Iran, Tur-key, Syria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Ku-wait—more constructively in stabilizing Iraq. 
These countries are already involved in a bi-lateral, self-interested and disorganized way. 
The MSIA Act would ensure that never 
again will the American people or the Con-gress be bamboozled into rubber-stamping an ill-advised, ill-planned, preemptive war. 
In the Eighteenth Congressional District of 
Texas alone, more than 300 Texans have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. 
Indeed, more than 3,000 Texans have been 
wounded. 
The cost of war is brutal on our commu-
nities. 
In my state, of the over 3,000 lives that 
have been lost, I can assure you that thou-sands more lives are affected. 
To date, the war in Iraq alone has claimed 
the lives of over 4,000 brave servicemen and women. More than 30,000 Americans have been wounded, many suffering the most hor-rific injuries. 
The mothers, fathers, wives, brothers, sis-
ters, children, cousins, aunts, uncles and friends of those of our fallen soldiers are af-fected. 
How do they manage? How do they cope after losing their loved 
ones? 
How does a mother deal with the reality of 
burying her son or daughter? 
How does a father mourn the loss of his 
adult child, whose bright future carried a lot of his aspirations for a better and safer America? 
That is just the human cost. We are grateful to various U.S. agencies 
and non-profit organizations like the wounded warriors organizations that are helping these brave men and women attempt to put the pieces together. 
We made the point that it was essential for 
this and prior Administrations to develop ‘‘a plan’’ for any war we sought to embark upon. 
Yes, we understand that the Armed Forces 
of the United States is unparalleled on the bat-tlefield and would decisively defeat Iraq’s forces and remove Saddam Hussein, which in fact we did. 
But the existential question was what do we 
do next? 
This resolution allows time for the President 
to come up with a plan for Congress to look at and consider. 
Just consider these facts. Since the war 
began in Iraq and Syria: 
In addition to our American causalities, hun-
dreds of thousands of Iraqi and Syrian civil-ians have been killed. 
About 13.6 million people, equivalent to the 
population of London, have been displaced by the conflicts in Syria and Iraq, and many are without food or shelter according to the UNHCR. 
More than a trillion dollars has been ex-
pended on both wars; 
On the operations against ISIS, it is esti-
mated that we are spending as much as $22 billion a year. 
Could this money be put to better use? 
Well, consider the following: 
How about fully funding the last week’s 
Trade Adjustment Bill we voted on to protect over 280,000 American workers displaced by U.S. involvement in global trade; 
A well funded TAA is designed to help train 
American workers displaced into new career paths so that they are able to make a living and support their families; Programs funded by the TAA provide a path 
for employment growth and opportunity through aid to U.S. workers who have lost their jobs as a result of foreign trade; 
The TAA provide our trade-affected workers 
with opportunities to obtain the skills, re-sources, and support they need to become re-employed; 
According to the DOL, over 5 percent of 
Americans are still looking for work and are unemployed or underemployed; 
That means 1.5 million Americans are strug-
gling financially; 
This translates to millions of families. 
Should we not be working to improve the 
livelihood of Americans? 
Mr. Speaker, opponents of the resolution 
before us contend that it gives comfort to the enemy and undermines the President’s strat-egy for success in war in Iraq and Syria. 
What we need is a solid strategy that is 
supported by the Administration, Congress and the American people. 
This starts with a plan put forth by the Presi-
dent and debated and approved by the Con-gress. 
This is why we should afford the President 
the opportunity to come up with this plan. 
Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned before, exiles 
and militia leaders have found their way into Iraq and Syria in the likes of ISIS and are now a menace to peace loving people everywhere. 
Peace, security, and the protection of lives 
is and should be our priority. 
That is why I strongly and proudly support 
our magnificent, heroic, and selfless service men and women. 
That is why I strongly support H. Con. Res. 
55 which provides a procedural mechanism for Congress to do its job, by giving House lead-ership 6 months to take up an AUMF, debate it and vote up or voted down. 
I urge all members to support the resolution 
before the House. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ), a member of the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, who also served in the U.S. Air Force in Iraq and Afghanistan and was one of the earliest voices calling for air-strikes against ISIS. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue for, unfortu-nately, the long time that we have been having to deal with this. 
I am surprised. We watch the news. 
We see what is happening overseas and from afar, and we see the human trag-edy occurring; yet we are here debating an isolationism resolution to withdraw all military actions from the Middle East at a time when we see utter human tragedies. This is not the time, in fact, to halt military operations. 
I would like to speak out quickly on 
an issue that I think underlines this whole debate. There are some that be-lieve that if our foreign policy were simply nicer, if our foreign policy were more accommodating or less focused on military power, then the world and, more importantly, our enemies would suddenly view America in a much dif-ferent light, or that the problems that we are facing today, we wouldn’t be facing them at all. This is a view of pa-cificism or disengagement in the world, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.042 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4464 June 17, 2015 
and it represents at best a naive world 
view, and I think it is certainly an illu-sion. 
Ironically, as we debate the merits of 
this resolution, we have a case study in the illusion of pacifism or disengage-ment. The President laid down a red line against Bashar al-Assad in Syria, and, in fact, the Russians supposedly gave the President an off-ramp in which he was able to exit and allow Bashar al-Assad to simply give up his chemical weapons. 
When we saw that nicer new engage-
ment by the United States, we did not see a peaceful Bashar al-Assad emerge realizing that he had simply misunder-stood the United States. We saw the same brutal dictator that murdered his own people continued to be brutal and murderous. 
Before we withdrew troops com-
pletely from Iraq, many implored the President to leave a residual force. We didn’t do it, and we have now the next iteration of al Qaeda, named ISIS. Now, that may be a bit of an over-simplification, but it is, in essence, what we see. 
I think it is fine to have a debate 
about AUMF in this Chamber, and we should. What the President gave us was an AUMF that not only limited his ability to fight ISIS, but limited the ability of the next President of the United States to fight and destroy ISIS. I personally won’t be a party to tying the President’s hands. 
Mr. Speaker, I was in Iraq just a few 
months ago, and I saw the human trag-edy that occurred. I stood in the U.N. refugee camp and had a little girl come up to me and explain through a trans-lator how her parents were killed by ISIS and how she ran away fleeing for security, and I realized the important role that the United States of America plays, the unfortunate burden that we must bear for world security. 
Mr. Speaker, we either stand up and 
fight ISIS now, or we sit on our knees and cower before them later. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN), a senior member of the Foreign 
Affairs Committee. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
unacceptable that we have not debated in committee and on the floor of this House an AUMF and a foreign policy designed to fit current circumstances, designed to fit an Assad regime that has killed nearly 200,000 of his own peo-ple, designed to fit ISIS, which either is or isn’t a part or a former part of al Qaeda. Instead, we operate under a res-olution passed in the wake of the at-tacks in 2001. 
The resolution before us I do not 
think is the answer to the fact that Congress has not debated a new AUMF. 
The reason I rise to oppose it is be-
cause I urge Members to read it. It says that all forces must be withdrawn in 30 days unless there is some threat to their security. It says that it ends all deployment, but it is not clear how it applies to Air Force operations or Naval air operations. Presumably, we 
would stop all bombing under all cir-cumstances. 
How does it apply to the rights of the 
President under current law to deploy our forces for 60 to 90 days if there would be some further outrage from the Assad regime? 
We need a new resolution that does 
Congress’ best job to deal with the cur-rent circumstances. What we don’t need is the idea that blaming Obama for everything constitutes a foreign policy strategy. 
The fact is that it was the Bush ad-
ministration that installed and left al- Maliki in power. It is al-Maliki that expelled all our forces and would not allow a residual force. Would we have gone to war with the Iraqi Army under al-Maliki if he expelled our forces? I have yet to hear that suggested by the blame Obama side. 
The fact is that we cannot leave our 
forces in a country that will not sign a status of forces agreement with us. 
The great problem with Iraq today is 
what al-Maliki did to that country, and the person who installed al-Maliki was the former President of the United States, President George W. Bush. 
So I look forward, first, to the defeat 
of this resolution but, second, to con-sideration of a new AUMF that focuses on whether we will do anything about Assad or only go after ISIS, whether we will use ground forces, which I op-pose, or just use our Air Forces. That debate needs to start in our committee, but this resolution is not an answer. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
appreciate this resolution being mischaracterized. The troops don’t have to be withdrawn for 6 months, and the point of this resolution is to force this House to do its job and pass an AUMF. If my colleagues are so upset that we haven’t debated and voted on an AUMF, they ought to support this resolution because it is the only way we are going to force the leadership in this House to do its job. 
With that, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ). 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the best way I can think of of sup-porting our servicemembers and their families in this time of war, because I can think of no greater way to support them, to ensure that we have a strat-egy with defined, achievable goals when we are going to put their lives on the line. Today, I don’t know that we have that. 
Do we have a partner in Iraq that has 
the will to fight? Do we have the re-sources necessary across two different battlefields in Iraq and Syria to achieve the President’s goal of degrad-ing, defeating, and destroying ISIS? Do we have a strategy that is worthy of the loss of even one American service-member’s life? 
I think all of those questions are 
worthy of discussion and debate, a de-bate that would hopefully lead to an intelligent use of military force with that defined strategy. This, Mr. Speaker, I believe, is our 
way of supporting soldiers and their families. It is also a way that the American people can hold us account-able by making the most important, awesome decision that a Member of Congress can, which is to put an Amer-ican servicemember in harm’s way. 
I want to make sure that we can 
source the judgment and wisdom of the people that we represent. I, for one, if we have that debate and have that vote, will go back to my community. I will talk to veterans who have served in our wars. I will talk to the parents of future servicemembers whose chil-dren’s lives will be put on the line, some which will be lost, some which 
will be changed forever. I think that is the minimum responsibility that we must meet. 
I wish that an AUMF were brought to 
the floor in some other way, but today this is the only way to get there. For that reason, I will support this. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), a member of the Armed 
Services and the Veterans’ Affairs Committees. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I just 
came from an Armed Services Com-mittee meeting where the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs both agreed that under no cir-cumstances should this House consider this resolution at this time, which is conceivably an immediate withdrawal of our troops from Iraq and Syria. This causes, they discussed, an immediate risk to our homeland and our allies. 
We would not be here today debating 
this issue if the Commander in Chief had articulated a strategy to the American people. We would not be de-bating this concept. 
Even so, Mr. Chairman, this is dan-
gerous for America, and this is not the way to go on a plan for an immediate withdrawal with our allies and with our homeland being at risk. 
The world is watching today. The 
world has watched for the last several years our lack of a foreign policy plan, but today the world is watching to see if this U.S. House is going to stand to-gether in a bipartisan manner and re-ject this resolution and stand together for the safety that we were sworn to stand together and uphold, which is the safety of the United States of America. 
I ask my colleagues to reject this res-
olution. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ). 
b1445 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
want to characterize the resolution. I want to read it. 
It requires the President of the 
United States to remove all of our forces, except those needed to protect our diplomatic facilities—and here are the words—‘‘by no later than the end of the period of 30 days beginning on the day on which this concurrent resolu-tion is adopted.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.043 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4465 June 17, 2015 
Now, that certainly applies to all our 
naval forces and all our air forces. But then it goes on to say, if the President determines that it is not safe to re-move forces, he can have an additional period up to the end of the year. That assumes that our ground forces cannot be withdrawn within a 30-day period. 
Our forces are mobile. They are capa-
ble. They are currently behind the front lines. And they can, indeed, leave within 30 days. So clause 2 is applicable only to a military that is engaged in combat or is immobile. Our military is neither. 
Clause 1: ‘‘30 days beginning on the 
day on which this concurrent resolu-tion is adopted.’’ 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I urge my colleagues to read the reso-
lution because basically what it does, it gives the President up through the end of the year, if he so chooses. I mean, that is what the resolution says. And I would hope that in 6 months we could come together and pass an AUMF. I would hope that all my col-leagues—who are complaining here that we don’t have an AUMF—would actually come together in the next 6 months to do something because it hasn’t happened in the first 10 months. We can point fingers all we want, but it is not getting done. 
And this is a way to force this Con-
gress to do its job. It is that simple. 
This is not about walking away from 
the conflict in the Middle East. This is about making sure that the men and women who serve in the United States Congress live up to our constitutional responsibilities and do our job. 
I am sorry that so many people think 
that is a radical idea, but we haven’t done our job. And I think it is a dis-service to the men and women who serve in our Armed Forces, and it is a disservice to our duty as Members of Congress. 
With that, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, one of the great failures of this Congress in our time has been the abdication of our responsibility, which could not be more clearly de-fined by our Founders, for declarations of war and, subsequently, resolutions authorizing the use of force. 
Clearly, the time is long overdue for 
this Congress to step up and assume its responsibility for these declarations, these seemingly endless wars of choice that are so costly in blood and in treas-ure. It is time that this Congress step up and have that debate on whether or not it is in our interest to continue our involvement in these wars. We need to be presented with a rationale. We need to be presented with a strategy. Or, in fact, it is time to put an end to them and to bring our troops home. 
Mr. Speaker, my fellow colleagues, 
we owe it to our taxpayers, who have spent trillions of dollars in these ven-tures. We owe it to our Founders, who knew and understood the importance of 
having the Congress make these deci-sions—not executives. And we owe it to our troops. 
It is time to have that resolution de-
bated and decided here, or it is time to bring the troops home, Mr. Speaker. 
As Judge P
OEwould say, ‘‘And that is 
just the way it is.’’ 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I will con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), one of the co-
authors of this resolution. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me first 
thank Congressman M CGOVERN for 
yielding and for his tireless effort and leadership. Also, I am proud to join with Congressman W
ALTER JONES and, 
again, Mr. M CGOVERN on this bipar-
tisan resolution. 
This resolution calls only for the 
withdrawal of U.S. Armed Forces from Iraq and Syria by the end of the year absent, mind you—absent—the passage of an Authorization for Use of Military Force against ISIS. 
However, this resolution is also 
about reclaiming a fundamental con-stitutional responsibility: the constitu-tionally protected right of Congress to debate and determine whether and when this country enters into war. 
For the last 10 months, our Nation 
has been fighting yet another war in the Middle East, a war that Congress has yet to authorize or even to debate. We have been patient, and we have given the House leadership plenty of time to develop a strategy to bring up an authorization. 
When this war began, Congressman 
M
CGOVERN and I wrote to the Speaker, 
calling for an immediate debate and vote. Nothing happened. Then at the beginning of this Congress, the Speaker said that the President had to send to Congress an authorization. More than 4 months ago, the President did just that. Once again, nothing happened. 
In the 10 months since the war began, 
we have had no real debate and cer-tainly no vote. This is outrageous. 
Now, let me be clear about what we 
are trying to do with this resolution. This is not about making a political point. This is about forcing Congress to take up an Authorization for Use of Military Force by the end of the year and to follow through on its constitu-tional responsibility. It is about mak-ing us do our job. It is unfortunate that we have to do that. 
The timeline included in this bill 
gives the leadership of the House 6 months to bring forward an AUMF, but the clock is ticking. 
Just last week, the President an-
nounced he authorized the deployment of 450 more American troops to train and assist Iraqi forces in the fight against ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, this is textbook mission 
creep. Mr. Speaker, we are here to say, 
enough is enough. After more than a decade of wars in the Middle East, thousands of U.S. lives and billions of dollars lost, the need for Congress to reclaim its war-making powers is more critical than ever. 
Members of Congress are sent to 
Washington, D.C., to make hard deci-sions, but in the case of war, Congress, instead, has chosen to duck its respon-sibilities. 
And let me just say, the 2001 Author-
ization for Use of Military Force— which is a blank check for endless war—has been cited as the authoriza-tion for the ongoing war against ISIS. That is why, of course, I voted against it 14 years ago and have introduced leg-islation every Congress to repeal this blank check for endless war. 
Keeping this authorization on the 
books indefinitely without repealing or replacing it has allowed Congress to avoid its constitutional responsibility to bring up an authorization against ISIS. 
From what I remember, we only had 
1 hour of debate in 2001. At least, Mr. Speaker, we have 2 hours now to debate whether or not to debate an Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force. 
Congress must have a role in how we 
do our work and what we are required to do, and that is exactly what this res-olution is about. Many of us agree that a robust debate and a vote is necessary, long overdue, and must take place. 
During the full committee markup 
last week of the Defense Appropria-tions bill, I offered a sense of Congress amendment that simply reaffirmed that Congress has a constitutional duty to debate and determine whether or not to authorize the use of military force against ISIS. This amendment was adopted with the support of six Re-publicans on the committee. 
While we may all not agree on what 
an AUMF should look like, we know there is bipartisan agreement around the need for Congress to debate on a specific AUMF. 
We need to do our job. We know full 
well there is no military solution in Iraq or Syria, for that matter, and that any lasting solution must be settled in the region among warring factions. 
The American people deserve to 
know the costs and the consequences of this new war, and Members of Congress should represent their constituents by saying ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ 
This resolution is a procedural mech-
anism. It is unfortunate, again, that we have to do this to make us live up to our constitutional job and duty in the matters of war and peace. 
We need to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this resolu-
tion. It is simple. It is bipartisan. It just requires us to do our job and to ex-ercise our constitutional responsibil-ities. Enough is enough. We cannot allow the American people to have no voice in what is said and what is being done with their taxpayer dollars. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.045 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4466 June 17, 2015 
(Mr. M CCAUL), the chairman of the 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the reso-
lution before us here today, in my judgment, is dangerous and should be defeated. 
For months, Congress and the Amer-
ican people have demanded a strategy from this administration to defeat and destroy ISIS, a barbaric and growing terrorist empire that threatens not only the people of Iraq and Syria but also the United States. 
Today the Secretary of Defense testi-
fied that ‘‘ISIS is a threat to the home-land because of its avowed intentions to strike and recruit in this country. ISIS must be and will be dealt a lasting defeat.’’ 
But this President does not have a 
strategy to accomplish this. We con-tinue to fight the terrorists with one hand tied behind our back, and the only thing worse would be to disengage completely, which is exactly what this resolution would do. 
I recently led a bipartisan delegation 
to the Middle East, where I visited Iraq, ground zero in the fight against ISIS, a week before Ramadi was over-taken by ISIS, and I spoke with Prime Minister Abadi. Unfortunately, the current strategy, in my opinion, relies too heavily on Shia militias, a proxy of Iran, to defeat ISIS. 
We now have over 3,000 American 
servicemembers there to advise and as-sist the Iraqi national military. But the President has restricted our ability to take the fight to the enemy because he is more committed to his campaign pledge to end the wars in the Middle East than he is to ending ISIS. The President has, in fact, made the situa-tion more dangerous. His failure to ne-gotiate a status of forces agreement and the complete failure of Prime Min-ister Maliki to govern effectively cre-ated a vacuum that ISIS now fills. 
In Syria, a civil war continues to 
rage. There too ISIS has filled the void. Islamist fanatics from more than 100 countries have traveled overseas to fight with groups like ISIS and al Qaeda. Thousands of these jihadists carry Western passports and can ex-ploit security gaps to return to the West and the homeland, where they plot attacks against the United States. 
Meanwhile, Iran is actively engaged 
in both Iraq and Syria, embedding Shia fighters in Sunni communities in Iraq and doing Assad’s bidding in Syria. 
As Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu 
recently told our delegation: ‘‘Iran and ISIS are competing for the crown of militant Islam.’’ 
This resolution would ensure that 
Iran and ISIS will continue to domi-nate in the region while thousands of innocent civilians suffer and die. 
Just ask the Yazidi Christians in Iraq 
if they support leaving security in the hands of ISIS and the Iranians. Thou-sands of Yazidis would have been killed last summer if it weren’t for U.S. air-strikes to repel an ISIS advancement against them. Nothing could be more irresponsible or damaging to our inter-
ests. 
But let me say this in response to 
those who say this is a vote to urge an AUMF vote. I personally support a strong AUMF, an authorization, but one to defeat and destroy ISIS. 
We met the White House counsel. He 
presented a very different AUMF that would restrict further the President’s current abilities to destroy and defeat ISIS. I cannot support that. 
And this resolution, with all due re-
spect, is the wrong way to accomplish the goal of defeating ISIS through a strong Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), my friend and col-
league. 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
resolution, and I commend the spon-sors, Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. L EE, for 
introducing it. And I do so not because I necessarily think we ought to with-draw all our troops in 6 months. Maybe we should. I am not sure of that yet. But I do know that we are waging a war that is probably unconstitutional, as we did in Libya. 
Since World War II, we have time 
after time gotten away from the con-stitutional command that Congress shall declare war. The Framers said war is too important to allow one per-son—the President—to decide on it. But we have gotten away from that. We got away from it because we didn’t have time. That was the excuse. With the missiles flying over the poles, you couldn’t call Congress into session. 
But then came Iraq. We had a resolu-
tion for the use of military force. Then came Libya. No excuse. Plenty of time to consult with NATO. Plenty of time to consult with Arab countries. No time to consult with Congress. I be-lieve that was an unconstitutional— and a foolish, as it turns out—but an unconstitutional use of force. 
b1500 
Mr. Speaker, now we have this force 
in the Middle East, in Iraq and in Syria. We are getting more and more into a war. I am not commenting on the intelligence of that right now. It may be that we have no choice but to fight ISIS. Maybe, as the Republicans seem to want without saying so, we should have a lot of boots on the ground, because that is what they are really saying when they say the Presi-dent is doing it halfway. Or maybe the bigger threat is Iran, and we should turn our attentions to Iran instead of tacitly allying with Iran against ISIS. Or maybe we should say it is up to the Middle Eastern people—they can han-dle it—and pull our troops out alto-gether. That is the debate we ought to have. And what are the limits of our commitment, if any? That ought to be debated in Congress. Congress ought to make these decisions in the name of the American people, not the Presi-
dent. 
Now, because we haven’t had an 
AUMF on the floor, we must have this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. NADLER. This resolution is not 
intended to force a pullout in 6 months. It is intended to force a debate in Con-gress in 6 months. Let us get back to our constitutional tradition. Let Con-gress do its job, and if the President submitted an AUMF that is too strong or too weak, let’s bring up a different one. But it is our job to make those de-cisions. It is our job to stand before our constituents to say we believe this is important enough to go to war with ISIS or with Iran, to send more troops there or not, and here is why and here are the limitations, we shouldn’t have boots on the ground or we should. 
Mr. Speaker, these are our decisions 
to make, and our decisions we shouldn’t be able to avoid. That is what this is about. We have had 10 years of war, 13 years of war. The 2001 AUMF cannot possibly be relevant now. We thought we were voting for 3 weeks of strikes against bases in Af-ghanistan. The 2002 AUMF was to top-ple Saddam Hussein. He is gone. I didn’t think that was a good idea, but it is over. The consequences are not over. 
We ought to debate this. We ought to 
debate an AUMF. We ought to pass one or not. That is our decision, but let’s pass this resolution that supports that decision on us. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of this resolution. 
First let me thank the gentleman 
from Massachusetts, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), and the gen-
tleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for their tireless leadership on 
this issue. 
Thank you, Mr. M CGOVERN . 
For 14 long years, our Nation has 
been at war. Our people are sick and tired of war. This resolution simply opens the door to bring American sol-diers home. 
Let me be clear. We must maintain a 
strong national defense. We have a re-sponsibility to protect our borders, our diplomats, and Americans at home and abroad. But the end to terrorism is not found through the barrel of a gun or more boots on the ground. More weap-ons cannot stomp out the root causes of terrorism, and more bombs cannot eradicate the seeds of hate. 
Over and over again, I have stood on 
this very floor and reminded my col-leagues that the use of force cannot— must not—be taken lightly, especially when the needs at home are so great and the sea of terrorism is so vast. 
President John F. Kennedy once said, 
‘‘Those who make a peaceful revolution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.046 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4467 June 17, 2015 
impossible will make violent revolu-
tion inevitable.’’ 
Many years ago, I shared my con-
cerns with you that young people in the Middle East would never forget the violence that they have experienced in their youth. I feared then—and I say it again—that they would grow up hating our children, our grandchildren, and generations yet unborn. I feared those young people would have very little faith in the idea of democracy, in the values of inclusion, or the hope for lasting peace. 
‘‘Hate begets hate,’’ as Martin Lu-
ther King, Jr., would say, ‘‘violence be-gets violence; toughness begets a great-er toughness. We must meet the forces of hate with the power of love.’’ 
These young people must be our 
focus. We must lift them up and listen to regional voices for peace. We must counter the consequences of violence by demonstrating that diplomacy and the spread of true democracy are the most effective weapons against ter-rorism. 
Yes, I will say it again. Our people 
are sick and tired of war. I hope that all of my colleagues will support this resolution and vote ‘‘yes’’ for a method to build a peace for long a time and for years and generations to come. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. It is my pleasure to 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. E
L-
EANOR HOLMES NORTON . 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my good friend from New York for yielding to me. I have something spe-cial to say. 
Mr. Speaker, as the United States 
has increasingly drifted into war with-out the usual congressional authoriza-tion, I appreciate that today’s resolu-tion permits the House to assert its ap-propriate role. I only ask that the resi-dents of the District of Columbia be permitted to be heard in the same way as other Americans. My colleagues will not only speak today, they also will vote the will of their constituents. Al-though District residents are already serving in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere, I am limited to speaking without a vote. 
What an outrage, especially to our 
veterans. That outrage is amplified, considering that District residents pay $12,000 annually per capita in Federal taxes, more in Federal taxes than the residents of any State in the Union, to support our government in war and in peace. Regardless of what is decided on this resolution, Mr. Speaker, District residents will be there for America, as they have been for every war ever since the Nation was created. It is time that the Congress was there for District residents. 
Nearly 200,000 D.C. residents have 
fought for America’s freedom in time of war, yet our residents, including our veterans, are still denied a vote in the national legislature that sent them to war. In fact, D.C. servicemembers fought and won the vote for citizens in Iraq and Afghanistan, yet our veterans 
came home without the same voting rights for themselves. The Nation will-ingly accepts their sacrifices and de-mands their tax dollars but denies them representation in Congress. 
D.C. residents have not only given 
their lives for this country since its creation as a nation, they have died in disproportionate numbers in all of the 21st century wars; yet these veterans, among the 650,000 Americans who live in the District of Columbia, still have no vote on national security, no vote on defense spending, no vote in the de-cision to send our country to war, and no vote on anything else in this House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. NORTON. I protest, Mr. Speaker. 
I protest continuing to demand full citizenship costs from the residents of our Nation’s Capital while denying them the vote granted to all other Americans that come with those costs. 
I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD .) 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague from Massachusetts for offering this important proposal that he is joined with by colleagues from California, New York, North Carolina, and other places. 
I am a Republican who stands proud-
ly with this Democrat because I think he is hitting the nail on the head. I do so because, in this instance, it has been argued against as a blunt instrument. But what the Founding Fathers were incredibly deliberate about—very blunt about, if you will—was that only Con-gress had the ability to declare war. And so this one blunt instrument is ul-timately about backing up the blunt-ness of the Constitution in absolutely being declarative in suggesting that only Congress has the power to author-ize war. 
What the Founding Fathers knew 
was that, at the end of the day, body bags don’t come back to Washington, D.C., when something goes wrong in some far-off battlefield; they come back to congressional districts across this country. So they wanted a check and a balance wherein people from those local districts could report into Congress and say that this is or this isn’t working for folks back home. 
Again, the Founding Fathers were so 
blunt. I look here at a document that is 250 days beyond the authorization of war that is even granted in the War Powers Act. I look at an administra-tion and the Congress that is hinging, it is building and sustaining of war in the Middle East based on a 14-year-old document, in essence, a blank check, and there are no blank checks in this process. 
I look at what James Madison said 
years ago. He said: ‘‘The Constitution supposes what the history of all gov-ernments demonstrates, that the exec-
utive is the branch of power most in-terested in war, and most prone to it. It has accordingly, with studied care, vested the question of war to the legis-lature.’’ 
This proposal is about cost. It is 
about saying we have spent $2.5 trillion in the Middle East. The Harvard study says 6 trillion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, for all 
these different reasons, we need to stop and pause, not necessarily to bring troops home, but, as has been sug-gested by others, to force a debate on Congress’ role. This is something Re-publicans and Democrats ought to equally care about: Do we or don’t we have proper lanes in the channel? Is the executive exceeding its authority or not? 
This is something Republicans abso-
lutely ought to care about. For that reason, Mr. Speaker, again, I commend the gentleman from Massachusetts for his work on this and ask for this bill which is so important for, simply, Con-gress’ authorization of war effort. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I, too, re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I first 
would like to insert in the R ECORD a 
letter of support from the Constitution Project, which is signed by our former colleague, Republican Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma; a letter in support of this resolution from the Council for a Liveable War; a letter of support from Win Without War; and a letter of sup-port from the Friends Committee on National Legislation. 
THECONSTITUTION PROJECT , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Hon. J IMMCGOVERN , 
House of Representatives. Hon. W
ALTER JONES , 
House of Representatives. Hon. B
ARBARA LEE, 
House of Representatives. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVES MCGOVERN , JONES  
AND LEE: We write to applaud you for your 
efforts to compel Congress to exercise its constitutional responsibility to decide on war. For ten months President Obama has prosecuted the war against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) under a spe-cious legal claim that Congress authorized it fourteen years ago. Congress has done no such thing. It is high time that Members weighed in. 
We take no position on grave policy 
choices about whether to continue to use military force against ISIL, and if so how. But Congress must. The Framers vested the war power in the legislative branch precisely because they believed that young Americans should only be put in harm’s way when the people, through their representatives’ collec-tive judgment, approved it. 
We know this is the most difficult issue 
that Members face. It is also your most im-portant responsibility. If Congress agrees that U.S. service men and woman should be engaged in battle, it is Members’ constitu-tional duty to say so. If Congress disagrees, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.048 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4468 June 17, 2015 
those men and women should come home. 
What Congress cannot do is continue to avoid the question. We support H. Con. Res. 55 because it would force this long-overdue debate and vote. 
Please do not hesitate to contact us, via 
Scott Roehm at The Constitution Project, with any questions or concerns. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICKEY EDWARDS , 
Vice President, Aspen 
Institute; former Member of Congress (R–OK) and Chair-man of the House Republican Policy Committee; co-chair The Constitution Project War Powers Committee. 
L
OUIS FISHER , 
Specialist in Constitu-
tional Law, Law Li-brary of Congress (ret.); Scholar in Residence, The Con-stitution Project. 
V
IRGINIA SLOAN , 
President, The Con-
stitution Project. 
COUNCIL FOR A LIVABLE WORLD , 
Washington, DC, June 16, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE MCGOVERN , Later 
this week, Congress has the opportunity to take action it has conspicuously avoided: de-bate and vote on the war in Iraq and Syria. 
While America has dropped thousands of 
bombs, deployed 3,500 troops—with plans to send 450 more and spent billions of dollars in our latest war, Congress has failed to per-form its most basic constitutional responsi-bility: to debate and vote on war. 
But this week, Reps. Jim McGovern (D– 
MA), Walter Jones (R–NC), and Barbara Lee (D–CA), are demanding that Congress do its job. 
They have introduced a bipartisan resolu-
tion, H. Con. Res. 55, which could force the House of Representatives to debate and vote on the war. 
If adopted, the legislation would direct the 
President to withdraw all American military personnel from Iraq by December 31, 2015 un-less Congress votes to authorize the use of force. 
The right of Congress to declare war is fun-
damental to our Constitution, yet Congress has avoided taking a stand on our most re-cent war in the Middle East. In addition, Congress holds the power of the purse, and yet the war is costing at least $9 million per day without congressional approval. Con-gress owes it to the thousands of Americans we have put into harm’s way to ensure it is for the right reasons. 
The President should not be permitted to 
wage war without Congressional approval; he should not be able to claim outdated author-izations for the use of military force dating to 2001 and 2002 as his cover for war. 
We urge you to support H. Con. Res. 55, the 
McGovern-Jones-Lee resolution. It is time for Congress to take a stand. 
Sincerely, 
A
NGELA CANTERBURY , 
Executive Director. 
JOHNISAACS , 
Senior Fellow. 
WINWITHOUT WAR, 
Washington, DC, June 16, 2015. 
On behalf of the Win Without War coali-
tion and our 11 million members, we urge Rep. Jim McGovern to SUPPORT H.Con.Res.55. 
This bipartisan resolution, introduced by 
Reps. McGovern (D-MA), Jones (R-NC), and Lee (D-CA), would force Congress to debate 
the use of military force in Iraq and Syria. We expect the resolution to be on the floor tomorrow, June 17. 
While America has dropped thousands of 
bombs, deployed 3,500 troops, and spent bil-lions of dollars in our latest war, Congress has failed to perform its most basic responsi-bility to debate and vote on the war in Iraq and Syria. After ten months of bombing Iraq and Syria, it is past time for Congress to do its job and debate and vote on this war. It is simply unconscionable that we are asking our men and women in uniform to risk their lives in a war that Congress has not voted on. 
The McGovern-Jones-Lee Resolution would 
force Congress to vote on the war in Iraq and Syria, and, importantly, if Congress con-tinues to shirk its constitutional duty, it would bring our troops home. In the words of Rep. McGovern, ‘‘if this House doesn’t have the stomach to carry out its constitutional duty to debate and authorize this latest war, then we should bring our troops home. If the cowardly Congress can go home each night to their families and loved ones, then our brave troops should receive that same privi-lege.’’ 
However one feels about this latest war in 
the Middle East, we can all agree that it is long past time for Congress to do its job and finally debate and vote on the war in Iraq and Syria. 
Congress needs to fulfill its constitutional 
duty of debating and voting on this war. We hope you will SUPPORT H.Con.Res.55. 
As always, if we can be of any additional 
assistance as your office considers this im-portant resolution, please let us know. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEPHEN MILES, 
Advocacy Director, Win Without War. 
FRIENDS COMMITTEE ON  
NATIONAL LEGISLATION , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Today your boss will take an important 
vote on war authority. The House is expected to consider H.Con.Res.55, a privileged resolu-tion led by Reps. Jim McGovern, Walter Jones, and Barbara Lee. By exercising Con-gress’ ability under the War Powers Resolu-tion to urge cessation of hostilities absent a congressional authorization of force, the res-olution would serve as a forcing mechanism for Congress to finally debate the war against ISIS that has lasted more than ten months without specific congressional de-bate and authorization. 
Nearly ten months ago, the Obama admin-
istration sidestepped its constitutional man-date to seek authority from Congress before engaging in new military hostilities. This greatly expanded the scope of the 2001 AUMF and the scope of executive war powers. Fur-ther, it deprived the American people and their elected representatives of an oppor-tunity to express opposition, or to ask im-portant questions about the overall strategy, and why more war will solve the region’s problems, when it has failed to do so any other time. 
The Friends Committee on National Legis-
lation (FCNL) urges your boss to take this opportunity to debate the war, to vote for the re-establishment of congressional war power, and to vote in favor of H.Con.Res.55. It’s time for Congress to weigh in on this issue. 
Please do not hesitate to reach out to us at 
Elizabeth@fcnl.org if you have any further questions or concerns. 
Thanks, 
M
AGGIE O’DONNELL , 
Program Assistant, 
Militarism and Civil Liberties, Friends 
Committee on Na-tional Legislation. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the right to close. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for 
the gentleman from California and the gentleman from New York. I know that if it were left up to them, they could fashion an AUMF that could get 218 votes here. Quite frankly, we wouldn’t be here today if we had done our job, because the only reason why you can bring up a privileged resolution under the War Powers Resolution is if our troops are in harm’s way and we haven’t acted. This could end right now if the Speaker of the House or the ma-jority leader would give us a date cer-tain by which we would debate and vote on an AUMF. 
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply troubled by 
our policy in Iraq and Syria. I do not believe it is a clearly defined mission, and I fear that it might be just more of the same. 
b1515 
I am not convinced that by enlarging 
our military footprint, we will end the violence in the region, defeat the Is-lamic State or address the underlying causes of unrest. 
Regardless of whether you support 
the war or oppose the war, believe we should escalate our involvement or place restrictions on it, the bottom line is that Congress needs to debate an AUMF and vote on it. That is our duty. That is our job. If we don’t have the guts to do so, then we should at least have the decency to bring our troops homes to their families and to their loved ones. 
I hope that each Member of this 
House, before they come down to this floor to vote on this resolution, takes a minute to look in the mirror. Ask yourself: Why do we get to go home to our families when our troops don’t have that privilege? 
They have been sent to Iraq and 
Syria to fight in our name, but we don’t have the courage to stand up for them and to authorize the war, and we don’t have the guts to bring them home. 
Take a minute and ask: We are will-
ing to send our troops into danger; we are willing to spend billions upon bil-lions upon billions of borrowed money for this war, but we are not willing to carry out our constitutional duty, the same Constitution we keep asking our troops to put their lives on the line to protect? How can we keep asking them to sacrifice for us when we are not will-ing to put anything on the line for them? 
I have had colleagues come up 
against this resolution and say: We share your frustration over the fact that we have not debated and voted on an AUMF. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.025 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4469 June 17, 2015 
I appreciate that, but I would ask 
them: What in the world can we do in a bipartisan way to force this question to come to the floor? What is it going to take to get the leadership of this House to say, I am going to schedule an AUMF, and we are going to debate it and vote on it? 
We have been involved in this latest 
war for over 10 months. Our resolution would give them another 6 months to come up with an AUMF, and if they didn’t, then we bring our troops home. 
This resolution before us, I admit, is 
a bit of a blunt instrument; but if Con-gress had lived up to its responsibil-ities, we wouldn’t need to be so blunt. Congress needs a clear deadline for a debate on an AUMF for Iraq and Syria. 
That deadline is the withdrawal of 
our troops by the end of this year. It gives this House, it gives this Repub-lican leadership 6 entire months to get an AUMF enacted. It gives this House and this leadership 6 more months in which to simply do their job. 
A vote for this resolution is not a 
vote to pull out, as some have asserted; it is a vote to give House Republican leadership a deadline that they cannot ignore, to force them to do their duty as leaders of this House by finally bringing an AUMF to the floor for a vote. 
I heard some of my colleagues com-
plain that they don’t like the Presi-dent’s policy in Iraq and Syria; yet rather than trying to bring an AUMF to the floor to define that policy bet-ter, they are simply content to sit back 
and criticize from the sidelines. That is not what we are here to do. That is not our job. 
This is important stuff. War is a big 
deal. We ought to treat it like it is a big deal. War has become too easy for this Congress. I see no other way to force this issue than by supporting this resolution before us. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-
port of H. Con. Res. 55, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume to close. 
Let me, first of all, I will conclude 
the way I began. I want to commend my friend and colleague, the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), for raising this issue. It is 
an issue that has to be raised, and I am in sympathy with many of the things that he said. I don’t really think we are really disagreeing here; we are just dis-agreeing on tactics. 
As I have said, the intentions behind 
this resolution are commendable, but I cannot support this policy which, when you all boil everything down, would re-quire a straight withdrawal without conditions. That is not the right policy for this country, a straight withdrawal without conditions. 
I share my colleague’s frustration 
that we haven’t acted on a new AUMF. We need to pass an AUMF, but we need to pass the right AUMF. 
If we pass this resolution, our col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle will be pushed to pass their own lan-
guage overriding this measure. What will it look like? I would wager that it won’t include the limitations that many of us on this side would like to see. 
Worse still, we could just 
rubberstamp the argument that the 2001 AUMF applies to ISIS in 2015. Again, that is why I said we have to be careful we don’t cut off our nose to spite our face. 
Now, the President sent us an AUMF. 
I thought it was a good starting point. I know it was panned on both sides— Republicans thought it was too light; Democrats thought it was too harsh— but it was a good starting point. 
There are many things in an AUMF 
we have to consider. We need to con-sider time, geography; we need to con-sider what we do with the previous AUMFs. These are issues that should be debated, and I hope we will debate, but I think the White House put forth a good starting position. 
The American people expect us to do 
our job and pass a new AUMF. They ex-pect us to keep the United States out of another large-scale open-ended war and pass a responsible policy for de-grading and defeating ISIS. Voting for withdrawal is not the right way for-ward. I believe that with all my heart. 
Let’s vote down this resolution and 
go back to the drawing board. Chair-man R
OYCE and I will work together in 
a bipartisan way, as we have so many times in the past, and let’s put before this Congress the right policy to get this job done. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I very much appreciate Mr. M
CGOV-
ERNfor his consistency. Even when we 
may disagree on substance, I have worked with him on policies with re-spect to human rights in Africa and, frankly, across the world on many, many issues. I agree that an AUMF would be good, but only the right AUMF. 
I would make this point: the White 
House hasn’t helped the case to move an AUMF. Indeed, as soon as the Presi-dent sent up his draft AUMF text to the Congress in February, the White House said he has all the legal author-ity he needs to conduct these oper-ations, regardless of what the Congress does, undercutting our effort to build a consensus, but we should not give up in terms of our effort to build this con-sensus. 
To that end, I intend to continue to 
work with Mr. E
NGEL and others and 
craft a bipartisan and successful AUMF that sends a message of unity, that sends a message of resolve. 
To that end, I would point out that 
the committee has held seven full com-mittee hearings and nine sub-committee oversight hearings on the ISIS threat. We have discussed the AUMF; we have discussed the U.S. and coalition response, but given the wide 
range of views, including the view that we have no military business in Iraq, reaching an agreement on a bipartisan AUMF that authorizes the actions needed to defeat ISIS may not be pos-sible, but it may be possible. For that reason, we are going to redouble our ef-fort. 
There would, though, be a price paid 
for failure on this floor, signaling dis-unity. As we work towards the effort to build a consensus, we have passed legis-lation to directly arm the Iraqi Kurd-ish Peshmerga forces who are fighting ISIS on the ground. 
We have worked to strengthen U.S. 
defense cooperation with our regional ally Jordan, to help prevent Americans who join and fight for ISIS from re-turning home to the homeland—we passed that legislation—and to combat the cultural genocide being perpetrated by ISIS forces. 
As I say, we will continue to work 
with our colleagues to try to find a way forward on a revised and updated authorization focused on the vicious and growing threat posed by ISIS, but acting without a credible way forward would be foolhardy, not brave. A divi-sive and unsuccessful process would be perceived by our allies, our partners, and our enemies as a no-confidence vote in the fight against ISIS, result-ing in a significant blow to the na-tional security of this country. 
For that reason, I would ask Mem-
bers to contemplate for a moment what the world would look like should ISIS, should our forces, our airstrikes against ISIS, be pulled out of that re-gion because I remember what it looked like when we did not have air-strikes on ISIS before they went into Mosul, and members of our committee, in a bipartisan sense, called for air-power to be used against ISIS on that desert path as they were headed to Mosul. 
Here is what we saw when they took 
that city: mass killings, beheadings, abductions, forced conversions, tor-ture, rape, sexual assault, using women and children as human shields, people being burned alive and buried alive, women and girls the age of 13 being taken as captives to be sold as sex slaves and put into forced marriages with ISIS fighters. That is what we witnessed after the fall of that great city. 
The question I would ask is: If we are 
to abandon our airstrikes in support of these Kurdish units on that 600-mile front—50,000 of those troops are women fighting against ISIS, and they no longer have U.S. air support to support them in their effort to turn back ISIS—what will become of them? What will become of others? 
Because this is no longer simply a 
terrorist organization—it is now a full- blown army seeking to establish a self- governing state through the Tigris and Euphrates valley in what is now Syria and Iraq and Lebanon and seek to ex-pand that further. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.051 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4470 June 17, 2015 
We know a lot now about its leader, 
Abu al-Baghdadi, in Syria. He is a des-ignated global terrorist under U.S. law. His mission, he clearly states, if you want to go online and see the blueprint of ISIS. 
Part of that is to gain resources and 
recruits and create a safe haven to at-tack the United States. Yes, this cer-tainly goes to the direct security inter-est of the United States if we were to pull off and give a breather to Abu al- Baghdadi and to ISIS. 
In Iraq, we are taking less than half 
measures to assist the ISF, the forces there fighting ISIS, with insufficient trainers and advisers, as I said, with no forward air controllers, with insuffi-cient plans to train the Sunni tribes, and insufficient arms to the Kurds and Sunnis, something we are trying to do something about with our legislation. The balance of power in the Middle East is shifting against the U.S. re-gional interest and certainly against U.S. security. 
As stated, there are no simple an-
swers or solutions; we discussed this in this debate, but without our involve-ment—without our involvement—our adversaries will continue to be emboldened, and our friends out of fear are susceptible to poor decisions, while the Middle East region and the world become a more dangerous place. 
This organization ISIS is simulta-
neously a strategic threat to the region and to the world and a genocidal terror movement. I recall us saying on the floor of this House, never again with respect to genocidal terror, and we are watching genocidal terror. 
I would just close with this argu-
ment, Mr. Speaker, and that is let’s work together to get an Authorization for Use of Military Force, which the President already claims he has under our prior authorization that we gave for him to attack al Qaeda and any al Qaeda affiliate, but let us not pull out our airpower that is being used right now to slow the advance of ISIS as it tries to take over that region and as it attacks civilians throughout the Mid-dle East. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the order of the House of 
Wednesday, June 16, 2015, the previous question is ordered on the concurrent resolution. 
The question is on adoption of the 
concurrent resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the concur-rent resolution will be followed by 5- minute votes on ordering the previous question on House Resolution 319, and adopting House Resolution 319, if or-dered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 139, nays 288, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 370] 
YEAS—139 
Adams 
Bass Becerra Benishek Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Burgess Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Nugent 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Quigley Rangel Rice (SC) Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires 
Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NAYS—288 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—5 
Byrne 
Hanna Johnson (GA) 
Kelly (MS) Sanchez, Loretta 
b1606 
Messrs. ABRAHAM, MEADOWS, 
CRENSHAW, GRAVES of Louisiana, DUFFY, M
CCAUL, COFFMAN, ROD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, HARDY, CROWLEY, AL GREEN of Texas, RYAN of Wisconsin, and KLINE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. FARR, COHEN, Mses. LINDA 
T. SA ´NCHEZ of California, ADAMS, 
Messrs. NEAL, RICE of South Carolina, Mses. KAPTUR, KELLY of Illinois, Messrs. THOMPSON of California, MURPHY of Florida, and LABRADOR changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the concurrent resolution was not 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
370 on H. Con. Res. 55, I am not recorded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.052 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4471 June 17, 2015 
because I was absent for personal reasons. 
Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 160, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1190, PROTECTING SEN-IORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 319) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 186, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 371] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Byrne 
Curbelo (FL) Hanna 
Johnson (GA) Kelly (MS) 
Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WESTMORELAND ) (during the vote). 
There are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1614 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 371, I was in a meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 186, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 372] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.009 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4472 June 17, 2015 
Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Burgess 
Byrne Hanna 
Johnson (GA) Kelly (MS) 
Sanchez, Loretta ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1620 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2588 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2588. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 319, I call up the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 319, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114– 157, is adopted and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 160 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect 
Medical Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (a) of section 4221 of such 
Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. 
(2) Paragraph (2) of section 6416(b) of such 
Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not 
be entered on either PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN) and 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), 
the author of this legislation, be per-mitted to control the time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, 
defibrillators, operating room mon-itors, insulin pumps, pacemakers, heart valves, artificial hips, x ray ma-chines, ventilators, and ultrasound ma-chines, these are life-improving and lifesaving technologies that have re-duced costs for the improved health of millions of Americans. 
Unfortunately, the President’s 
healthcare law implemented a new tax on all of these innovative devices, a tax on medical devices. Only in Wash-ington, Mr. Speaker, would you impose a tax on lifesaving medical technology and think you will actually reduce healthcare costs. This is bad tax pol-icy, and it needs to be repealed. 
The medical device industry is truly 
an American success story, employing more than 400,000 people. In my State of Minnesota, 35,000 people are em-ployed in this industry, 400 companies alone in the State of Minnesota; 80 per-cent of device manufacturers are small businesses with less than 50 employees; 98 percent of all these companies have less than 500 employees. 
It can take these small startups 10 to 
15 years to even achieve profitability or earn one penny of profit because they rely on investment and the prom-ise of a future of earnings to survive. 
The device industry is a net exporter. 
We have a trade surplus with our ex-ports. Most importantly, these compa-nies are producing lifesaving and life- improving devices for millions of our patients across the world. 
Medical advancements have helped 
add 5 years to U.S. life expectancy in the last two decades. It has helped slash the death rate from heart disease by a stunning 50 percent and cut the death rate from stroke by 30 percent. 
Devices have contributed to a 16 per-
cent decrease in mortality rates and an astounding 25 percent decline in elderly disability rates in just the last 20 years of innovation. Medical innovation is leading and will continue to lead the way we improve lives for our seniors who have chronic disease. 
Despite all the benefits that this in-
dustry provides, a 2014 Harvard Busi-ness Review article recently found that the device industry now faces one of the most uncertain competitive envi-ronments in the entire country. In-stead of hurting this industry, we should be empowering this industry, creating more jobs, producing more in-novation, and helping more patients. 
We often hear that America needs to 
start making things again to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.027 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4473 June 17, 2015 
jump-start the economy, and one of the 
best ways to protect American manu-facturing and spur innovation is to re-peal this harmful medical device tax because here is what the tax is doing: it is costing us jobs. 
One company that I spoke with said 
they have never laid off any employees in the last 22 years of their history of business, but they laid off 25 employ-ees, and they refrained from hiring an-other 15 employees because of the tax. 
If you take it to a bigger, larger pic-
ture, up to 39,000 jobs have been lost because of the tax since it has been im-posed. These are high-paying jobs, Mr. Speaker, that pay nearly $20,000 more than the national average. 
b1630 
And the 2.3 percent excise tax, it may 
not sound like much, but here’s the problem: it is taxing revenue; it is not taxing profit. 
A small device manufacturer, they 
may not be making any money, but they still have to pay that tax. One company I spoke to, they have 20 em-ployees. They recently said they are borrowing $100,000 a month from the bank just to pay the tax. That doesn’t make any sense. 
Mr. Speaker, it is also raising tax 
rates. Medical device companies now have to pay one of the highest effective tax rates of any industry in the world. Recent testimony in the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, there was a small company from Minnesota that now says because of the tax, they have a 79 percent effective tax rate. Who here can justify that? 
It is also harming innovation because 
instead of investing in the next genera-tion of innovative devices that can lit-erally save people’s lives, companies are spending money on compliance and accountants instead of on research and development, which is the lifeblood of this industry. 
Members should know that this is 
separate from the debate about how we reform health care. This is about a bi-partisan effort today on the floor to promote American innovation to pro-tect and promote American manufac-turing and research and development jobs because Democrats and Repub-licans, conservatives and liberals in both parties, in the House and the Sen-ate, favor repealing this tax. It is a bad tax policy that is killing jobs. It is hurting our seniors, and it is harming innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to protect our 
American seniors, American patients, and American innovation and repeal this destructive tax. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I shall consume. 
There are certain basic facts here. 
One is this industry participated in the creation of healthcare reform. They, like other providers, were involved; and like other providers, they said that they would participate in helping to pay for it. That is a fact. Now they 
want out. 
Another fact is that they have bene-
fited from it. According to a recent analysis by Ernst & Young, the indus-try’s revenue increased by $8 billion in the year the tax took effect. 
Also, there has been a reference to 
R&D. R&D, according to that report, spending by the industry, also in-creased by 6 percent in the same year. 
There has also been reference to em-
ployment. The analysis of Ernst & Young also says that, in that year, em-ployment increased, and the overall employment has increased by 23,500. There has been a 23,500 increase in em-ployment. 
So those are the facts. 
There is another aspect. If people 
vote for this industry to essentially go back on its commitment to partici-pate, other providers are going to ask for the same treatment. So in that re-spect, what the Republicans are aiming to do is to unravel ACA. 
Another fact is this is unpaid for. So 
when you add this unpaid-for provision, you get, all together, well over $610 bil-lion that the Republicans have passed in permanent tax cuts without paying for one dime. 
Another factor is that this applies to 
imports as well as to those that are produced in this country and not at all to exports. So look at the equities. Look at how this industry has bene-fited. Look at the irrationality and ir-responsibility and coming forth to this body and saying let’s repeal and not pay for at all from a party that talks about fiscal responsibility. 
So let me just read from the State-
ment of Administration Policy. That is another fact. If this were ever to pass the House and the Senate, it would be vetoed. So here is the Statement of Ad-ministration Policy: 
‘‘The Affordable Care Act has im-
proved the American health care sys-tem, on which Americans can rely throughout life. After more than five years under this law, 16.4 million Americans have gained health cov-erage. Up to 129 million people who could have otherwise been denied or faced discrimination now have access to coverage. And health care prices have risen at the slowest rate in nearly 50 years. As we work to make the sys-tem even better, we are open to ideas that improve the accessibility, afford-ability, and quality of health care, and help middle-class Americans.’’ 
And it concludes: ‘‘In sum, H.R. 160 would increase the 
deficit to finance a permanent and costly tax break for industry without improving the health system or helping middle-class Americans. If the Presi-dent were presented with H.R. 160, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.’’ 
So I close with this. You know, peo-
ple can be provincial in the sense that they respond to one pressure point or another, and I understand that. What you have to do is to look at an entire system, an entire structure, and what 
it means for Americans throughout this country. 
This industry, as I said, participated 
in helping to pay for healthcare re-form. They have benefited from it, and now, essentially, they are coming forth and saying: Just take us out of it; sepa-rate us out. 
That is unfair, unwise, irresponsible, 
and sets a pattern that will do what Republicans really want to do, and that is to pick apart and tear apart this reform that has been 75 years in coming. So I urge everybody to look at the broader interests of the people of this country and to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 160, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 15 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, just in response to the 
report that was just mentioned, the Ernst & Young report, it is true that companies have been hiring and grow-ing in certain cases, but all of that growth from the report is outside of the United States. So if you want to continue to promote more jobs outside of the United States, don’t vote for the repeal, and we will continue to see jobs move overseas. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), a member of the Ways and 
Means Committee. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin by dispelling the premise that somehow this whole thing was devised so that we can allow the medical de-vice companies to flourish. The thing we want to flourish is research and de-velopment that is producing the kinds of things that are helping the Amer-ican people, and that is the essence of what the medical device R&D innova-tion is doing, and this is stifling. 
At the precise moment where break-
through opportunities, oftentimes, in small businesses—I see them, Mr. Speaker; I visit them in my district— and at the time that it is the most fragile for them, they are being hit with this 2.4 percent tax which touches them at the time when it is not on profits. These are the very dollars that are being used to be invested into R&D, whether they sell that product or not. We are killing our innovation right in 
the cradle. 
I strongly encourage my colleagues 
to support the repeal of the medical de-vice tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), the ranking member on 
the Health Subcommittee. 
(Mr. M CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.062 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4474 June 17, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, Mr. 
LEVIN was correct. When we were de-
signing the Affordable Care Act, every-one was expected to share in the cost as we work for the American people. 
The medical device industry initially 
opposed 5 percent. They said: How about 2.3 percent? We will go for that. 
They agreed to it. Here they are 
today asking for us to give them noth-ing, no taxes; they don’t have to pay anything no matter how they benefit from it. 
Now, repealing this tax, which the 
nonpartisan analysts have shown has no negative effect on jobs, will add $24.4 billion to the deficit. It would eliminate an important source of rev-enue simply to appease an industry that has benefited directly and greatly from the expansion of the coverage of ACA. 
On top of that, the bill is a distrac-
tion from a more important issue that the Congress needs to address in the context of medical devices. They would not let us vote on an amendment in the committee to bring up the institution of unique device identifiers. 
An essential tool of improving pa-
tient safety is the UDI. A UDI is a number associated with a medical de-vice right on the device. They contain important information about where, when, and by whom the device was made. They provide for post-market surveillance to identify problems and notify patients when objects that they put in their bodies are faulty or dan-gerous. This has dramatic impacts for safety. 
In 2010, a massive recall of breast im-
plants in France impacted tens of thou-sands of women. Many cancer patients undergo reconstructive surgery fol-lowing mastectomy, and their lives are threatened when faulty implants leak dangerous contaminants into their bodies. In situations like this, it is es-sential that we know who has given the faulty device so that recall efforts can save as many lives as possible. 
Unfortunately, even when the FDA 
finishes its new UDI regulations in the coming years, we will lack important tools, including devices, in the agen-cy’s postmarket safety checking sys-tem, the Sentinel Initiative. The pri-mary source of information for the Sentinel is insurance claims forms, yet, unlike pharmaceuticals, CMS does not currently require UDIs to be listed on Medicare claims. That makes it all but impossible to apply the Sentinel Initiative to the device context. 
Furthermore, additional gaps exist in 
the FDA’s rulemaking on UDIs. For ex-ample, there is no requirement that UDIs be affixed directly to the implantable devices. 
As we look forward, I encourage my 
colleagues to look beyond efforts to un-dermine the ACA and to look for oppor-tunities to enhance safety and improve the system for patients, not just the device industry. 
I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this 
and come back with a bill—if you want to take the tax off, that is one thing, 
but at least make them identify the name and the place and the number of where it came from so, if somebody you know gets impacted by one of these de-vices going bad, we will have a way to trace it. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), a leader on the Ways and 
Means Committee, who is also con-cerned about the impact of this tax on his home State of Indiana. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, 
ObamaCare’s medical device tax has al-ready been devastating to innovation, patient care, and job creation, espe-cially in my home State of Indiana. 
Up north, we have Warsaw, which is 
known around the world as the ortho-pedics capital of the world. In central Indiana, we have a burgeoning life sciences industry centered around the Indianapolis area. Further south, we have Bloomington, which is home to Cook Medical, the largest privately held medical device manufacturer in the world. 
Medical device startups dot Indiana’s 
landscape from Lake Michigan down to the Ohio River. Indiana’s world-class medical device companies like Biomet, Boston Scientific, Hill-Rom, Zimmer, and dozens more don’t just create and produce lifesaving technology. They also employ tens of thousands of Hoo-siers, and these jobs pay well. 
At a time when factories have closed 
and jobs in rust belt States have been sent overseas, medical device manufac-turing jobs have been a lifeline for hard-working Hoosiers and their fami-lies. 
b1645 
Every day this tax remains in effect, 
we continue to slow advancements in lifesaving and life-improving tech-nologies, and we hinder patient care. This day is long overdue. It is time to support H.R. 160 and finally repeal this harmful, ill-advised tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. It is now my pleasure to 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a member 
of our committee. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
sorry the gentleman from Indiana is leaving the floor right now because one of the companies he mentioned—one of the companies, there are others—was brought before the Justice Department because of their behavior not long ago. So my friend from Indiana talks about Zimmer Holdings. That is one of the reasons why I am asking you to review your support of this legislation. Be-cause let me tell you what happened to Zimmer and Stryker in the State of New Jersey not that many years ago when the U.S. Attorney looked at these two companies and many others. 
Here is what they were brought to 
heel about: bribing doctors to rec-ommend their prosthetic to senior citi-zens under Medicare. Dante said, what place in hell will they be? These guys should be in the deepest place in hell— the deepest. You check the record. You 
can’t make this stuff up. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose this legisla-
tion. When the Affordable Care Act was being negotiated, these companies were at the table. They agreed to this. You can’t deny that. Because of the ACA, the health care market includes mil-lions of newly insured Americans, more business for these companies, by the way, driving up the demand for medical devices and other health care serv-ices—increased demand, capitalism, you know about that. 
However, the device industry wants 
it both ways. They want new busi-nesses, and they want new business under the ACA, that the ACA has cre-ated, and since the law was passed, they have been lobbying for repeal of what they agreed to. I swear you can’t make it up. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the ACA and 
its goals. You don’t. And it needs to be funded. It is the law of the land, as the Speaker once said. You can’t support the goals of the ACA and then start stripping out the pieces of the law that fund the realization of the goals. 
Oh, but you can. And you have tried 
56 different times to repeal this legisla-tion, and you failed every time, even though you are in the majority. 
This legislation would add $24.4 bil-
lion to the deficit—through the Speak-er to my good friend from Pennsyl-vania—and it is not paid for. Despite industry claims of job loss and eco-nomic hardship, medical device compa-nies have seen a 7 percent growth in employment since the ACA. Further-more, I remain concerned about some of the behavior we have seen in this in-dustry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would like to remind the gen-tleman to address his remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Sure, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I became highly in-
volved in the medical device issues since 2007 when a number of device manufacturers entered into controver-sial deferred prosecution agreements for providing doctors with kickbacks for using their knee and hip replace-ment devices. A number of these prod-ucts ended up being recalled. That is the record. 
As a result, on the justice side, I have 
worked to put an end to deferred pros-ecution agreements that don’t hold the bad actors accountable. There are many good companies providing med-ical devices, but the facts are the facts, and the history is the history, and the culture of this industry needs to be known. I have also worked to improve the safety of medical devices for pa-tients by encouraging the use of clin-ical data registries. 
Repealing the device tax is not good 
policy, Mr. Speaker, and it is not good for our budget—another $24.5 billion added to the deficit. I think if you would ask our ranking member, Mr. L
EVIN, he would give you a precise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.064 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4475 June 17, 2015 
number as to how much you have in-
creased the deficit in legislation you have provided over the last 6 months. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this legislation. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to address something that was stated by one of the previous speakers from Washington State who made a com-ment to the effect that the medical de-vice industry supported that tax. Well, that is a statement that is simply not based in fact. In fact, what happened, as I recall, Senator Baucus helped im-pose the tax on the industry because he felt that they were not providing enough at the table in terms of conces-sions for the ACA. In fact, since they weren’t doing enough at the table, the medical device industry was placed on the menu. They fought this tax vigor-ously. There is no letter to indicate they had any support for this tax. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this legislation to repeal the medical device tax. However you feel about the 2010 health care law on the whole, we can all agree that the legislation has its flaws. Again, one of the most glar-ing deficiencies in the law is the med-ical device tax, designed to extract $26 billion from the industry over 10 years. This new law is already stifling critical innovation and threatening high qual-ity jobs in my district. 
More importantly, it is increasing 
costs for consumers on products which are an absolute necessity of life for those who rely on them, such as pros-thetics, pacemakers, and artificial hearts. Costs are also being passed on to consumers at all levels through in-creased insurance premiums and bills from medical providers. 
The medical device industry cur-
rently supports over 75,000 jobs in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Sev-eral of the companies affected by the new tax are located in my district, in-cluding OraSure Technologies, Olym-pus, Boas Surgical, and B. Braun. In fact, B. Braun CFO Bruce Heugel re-cently testified before the Senate Fi-nance Subcommittee on Health Care that his company has been forced to drastically reduce investments in re-search and development and also has had job losses as a result of the medical device tax. In fact, they are not build-ing a new headquarters because of this tax. These are good paying, 21st cen-tury jobs, and this Congress should not support policies that will kill them or send them overseas. 
Mr. Speaker, the medical device tax 
is a punitive tax, and it is creating dis-incentives for companies looking to stay competitive, hire domestically, and create lifesaving new technologies. It is past time that Congress repeal this onerous new tax, and I urge my colleagues to support the Protect Med-ical Innovation Act. Let’s get rid of this thing once and for all. Let’s excise the excise tax. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). Since he was first elected 
in 2010, he has been a leader on this, or-ganizing freshman Members, recog-nizing the importance of repealing this disastrous tax. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Minnesota for yielding the time. He has been the leader on this from day one, and I am happy to join him. I also thank Chair-man R
YANof the Ways and Means Com-
mittee for allowing this to come to the floor the way it has. I think it is very important. Most of America thinks this is very important, and to have it stand alone here where it can be de-bated, hopefully honestly, I think speaks well to the process, I think it speaks well to the leadership of Chair-man R
YAN and Member P AULSEN and 
others who are behind this. 
Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to be 
back on the floor to support this. It is long overdue. It needs to happen. There is an old adage, Mr. Speaker, and that is, if you want less of something, tax it. The same is true here. If you want less jobs in this area, like the 56,000 jobs in Indiana alone, tax the devices that those jobs produce. If you want less innovation, tax these medical de-vices. If you want America to be less of a leader in the world when it comes to this industry, tax it. That is all their argument, Mr. Speaker, is saying, and our bill corrects that. Let the free mar-ket work, and let innovation work. Let’s keep us a leader in the world in this area. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) who has also been a 
leader as part of the Indiana delegation on the issue. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to commend my col-league from Minnesota for leading this effort since I came to Congress in 2013. 
I rise today joining my fellow Hoo-
siers seeking greater opportunity for all Americans, and I rise today to call for a swift end to a tax that is standing in the way of that opportunity. 
Back home, I hear from countless 
Hoosiers about the restrictions the medical device tax is placing on our life sciences industry, not only in Indi-ana but across the country. This tax takes away the opportunities to inno-vate, to hire more people, and most im-portantly to improve the patient ac-cess to critical technology. 
In Indiana the life sciences industry 
is vitally important. It has a $59 billion impact on our economy and employs more than 56,000 people. In fact, we are second—Indiana is second only to Cali-fornia in exports of life sciences prod-ucts. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle know that the unfair medical device tax jeopardizes our competitive edge, it stunts our work-
force opportunities, but most impor-tantly, it is decreasing access to life-saving technology for people. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to stand for jobs, 
stand for improving people’s health, and stand for more opportunity. I urge my colleagues to repeal the medical de-vice tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) who has also been 
doing an awesome job of organizing a lot of the freshman Members and rec-ognizing the importance of this issue to the State of New York. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I 
strongly support H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act introduced by Mr. P
AULSEN , and in March I was proud 
to lead a bipartisan letter by 43 fresh-man lawmakers to Speaker B
OEHNER  
calling for a vote to repeal the medical device tax. 
According to a 2014 industry survey, 
the tax resulted in employment reduc-tions of 14,000 industry workers in 2013 and years prior to implementation of this tax, with approximately an addi-tional 4,500 jobs lost in 2014. Further-more, if we don’t repeal this tax, the industry will forgo hiring of nearly 20,500 employees over the next 5 years. 
Mr. Speaker, this important bipar-
tisan legislation will repeal the Afford-able Care Act’s medical device tax that is limiting access to health care de-vices that North Country families need and undermining the medical device in-dustry that is so important to our local economy. 
Repealing the medical device tax will 
help our small businesses create jobs for North Country families and protect employees who are currently at risk from this job-killing tax. This an ex-tremely important issue for my dis-trict, especially in Warren County, home of what is called ‘‘catheter val-ley’’ because of the numerous catheter manufacturers. 
I commend the House for bringing 
this important legislation to the floor, and I urge all Members to support this measure. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ), someone I traveled 
with in the State of Indiana who showed me firsthand the impact this device tax had in Indiana. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of H.R. 160, the Protect Med-ical Innovation Act, and I appreciate the work that Congressman P
AULSEN  
has done on this very important issue that has affected my district dramati-cally. 
As a sitting U.S. Congressman of 
Warsaw, Indiana, known as the Ortho-pedic Capital of the World, the burden-some medical device tax hits very close to home for my constituents. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Hoosier State as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.065 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4476 June 17, 2015 
whole is second in the Nation in ex-
ports of life science products, and across the State over 20,000 Hoosiers are directly employed by this industry. The impact on our communities and our neighbors is one of the reasons I have fought so long and hard alongside Mr. P
AULSEN and my colleagues to re-
peal this very destructive tax. 
Mr. Speaker, back home in Indiana, 
Hoosiers know that taxation does not create jobs; it kills them. In fact, a re-cent study has shown that the medical device tax, implemented to fund ObamaCare, has cost more than 33,000 jobs nationally so far. Mr. Speaker, re-pealing this medical device tax is a simple, commonsense reform, and I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
b1700 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), who knows 
the importance of this issue. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, the cost of health care con-tinues to increase in this country. 
As a philosophical matter, I do not 
believe inserting more government be-tween a patient and their doctor will reduce costs. In fact, to the contrary. But there are things government can do. 
That is why we in the House of Rep-
resentatives are putting more money into NIH funding. It is why 21st Cen-tury Cures has been introduced—to streamline approval processes at the FDA and make sure that various stake-holders involved in finding cures are all working together. 
Yet what remains as a contradiction 
at the heart of ObamaCare is the policy that taxes those who seek to innovate and improve public health outcomes through pioneering medical device equipment. We are taxing those who are trying to help improve, and who have improved, public health out-comes. It just doesn’t make sense. 
Simply put, it is a disincentive to in-
vest capital in precisely the industry that has proven itself to be the single most important in the history of civili-zation to improve public health—our life sciences industry here in this coun-try. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) to speak on this 
issue. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innova-tion Act of 2015, also known as the medical device tax repeal. 
This bill would repeal the tax on 
medical device manufacturers that was put into place under ObamaCare. The medical device tax rate is 2.3 percent, and this is in addition to the State sales tax on common medical devices such as pacemakers, hearing aids, and 
insulin pumps. 
This tax hurts the very same Ameri-
cans we should be helping. For exam-ple, 13 percent of West Virginians—the State I am blessed to represent—have diabetes. This 2.3 percent tax makes it more difficult for struggling taxpayers in West Virginia and around the coun-try to access critical healthcare de-vices like insulin pumps. 
If gone unchecked, this tax will con-
tinue to weaken the industry’s ability to grow and help people in need. It will also continue to hinder the develop-ment of lifesaving treatments and de-vices. 
I hope my colleagues will join me to-
morrow in voting for the repeal of the ill-advised medical device tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), a physician who 
works with patients each and every day and understands the importance of repealing this tax. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innova-tion Act. 
H.R. 160 will permanently repeal the 
misguided excise tax on medical de-vices that was imposed by the Presi-dent’s healthcare law. 
I am a cosponsor of this important 
legislation, along with over 280 Mem-bers of this House of Representatives. In the 113th Congress, the Senate en-dorsed getting rid of this burdensome tax by an overwhelming margin. It is clearly time for this tax to go. 
The medical device tax discourages 
innovation, lowers the quality of med-ical care available to the American people, and cuts jobs while driving pro-duction overseas. 
Companies like RTI Surgical, based 
in my district, are being harmed by this burdensome tax. Instead of hamstringing these manufacturers, we should be allowing them to produce new medical devices and create jobs. 
I am a doctor who treated patients in 
northern Michigan for 30 years. I know how important medical devices are for providing quality health care, and I be-lieve that getting rid of this tax will improve our Nation’s healthcare sys-tem. 
I hope all my colleagues will join me 
in supporting this commonsense and long overdue fix for the train wreck that is the President’s healthcare law. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), a State that 
has been a leader in developing new medical technologies. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of this effort to prevent this very destructive tax from having the harmful impact that we know it will have. This medical device tax is perhaps the most odious of any tax that has ever been loaded upon the 
shoulders of the American people in the history of our Republic. 
Our first Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court, John Marshall, once pointed out: ‘‘The power to tax is the power to destroy.’’ Well, who is being destroyed and who is being hurt by this medical device tax? It is the American people who are suffering maladies and health challenges, and we are putting them as the people who are going to be basically paying the bill or doing with-out their medical devices. 
I would like to give a personal exam-
ple of this. I know it is very painful for me to do so, but I think I need to share this with my colleagues. 
Two and a half years ago, I was noti-
fied that my daughter, who was at that time 9 years old, had leukemia. It was a horror story for my family, a horror story, just like it is for families across America. We came out of that. We went through it. It was a tough, tough road for a year. Last week, she had her last cancer treatment and, last week, she was declared cancer free. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK ). The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. PAULSEN. I yield an additional 
1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Ninety percent 
of the kids who get leukemia today are cured from leukemia after a period of time. They actually will live through this. Only 40 years ago, 90 percent of the kids who got leukemia died. 
We have had different advances in 
medicine that have actually achieved this goal. But in my daughter’s case, I could see very easily a medical device was put under her skin, a portal, so that she did not have to take the chem-otherapy into her arms, which resulted in younger kids decades ago with their veins collapsing because of the chemo-therapy being shot into their arm. 
The people who devised that medical 
device saved my daughter’s life, and 
now we want to make them the most heavily taxed people in our country. That is ridiculous. We want to encour-age people to build these types of de-vices that will save our children and help those people who are suffering. 
This medical device tax is odious, it 
is wrong, and it was wrongheaded from the very beginning. In the name of sav-ing future children from things that we might be able to cure with a proper medical device, we need to make sure we eliminate this tax and keep faith with future generations, as well as those people who are suffering today. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in get-
ting rid of this tax on medical devices. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire the amount of time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota has 11 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michi-gan has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.066 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4477 June 17, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Minnesota. 
I rise today as a 30-year health care 
professional and a proud cosponsor of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innova-tion Act of 2015. 
This bill would repeal the Affordable 
Care Act’s 2.3 percent tax on medical devices. These are medical devices that save and improve lives for millions of Americans. These devices include pace-makers, artificial joints, CAT scan ma-chines, and many, many more. 
Mr. Speaker, the medical device tax 
is a terrible policy that is stifling inno-vation and United States competitive-ness and is hurting small businesses all across the Nation, and certainly in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional Dis-trict. 
This legislation, which has strong bi-
partisan support, will help to protect American jobs, keep America at the cutting edge of technological medical advances, and preserve a patient’s ac-cess to affordable, lifesaving devices. 
Having served in a nonprofit 
healthcare setting for three decades, I rise today and ask my colleagues to join me in voting to repeal this unnec-essary and very harmful tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
There is no one that questions the 
importance of this industry—no one. This country has been in the forefront in terms of creating medical devices. 
There has been innovation and there has been enterprise, and it has im-pacted the lives of millions of people. That is not the issue here. 
The issue is this. A number of indus-
tries and a number of providers partici-pated in creating the Health Care Re-form Act. Essentially, I am not sure it is the industry as much as some Mem-bers are essentially coming here and saying: Give this industry a free ride in terms of their participation, while oth-ers are doing their part. 
That isn’t fair; it isn’t workable; and 
it is also fiscally irresponsible. I would like to talk to the CEOs of any of these companies and ask them if they think it is fiscally responsible to repeal this provision costing well over $20 billion, unpaid for, made permanent. 
Indeed, this is industry joined with 
others in the healthcare world in this country in a letter of May 11, 2009, to the President: 
Dear Mr. President, 
We believe that all Americans should have 
access to affordable, high-quality healthcare services. Thus, we applaud your strong com-mitment to reforming our Nation’s healthcare system. The times demand and the Nation expects that we, as healthcare leaders, work with you to reform the healthcare system. 
And it concludes with this paragraph: 
We, as stakeholder representatives, are 
committed to doing our part to make reform a reality in order to make the system more affordable and effective for patients and pur-chasers. We stand ready to work with you to accomplish this goal. 
And it was signed by a number of rep-
resentatives—the AMA; America’s Health Insurance Plans, their leader-
ship; the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers; et cetera, and also signed by the president and CEO of the Advanced Medical Technology Associa-tion. 
So now people are coming here and 
saying what was essentially committed to in 2009 should essentially be ripped out of ACA in 2015. 
I just want to read from a report by 
the National Center for Health Re-search. And I refer, for example, to the chart on the number of employees at the 12 largest U.S.-based device compa-nies. All of them show an increase in employment of the 12 largest, except two, and in one case, the reduction was from 10,800 to 10,500. One company did have a larger loss, but it wasn’t any-thing close to catastrophic. 
Then the number of employees at the 
small, publicly traded device compa-nies—one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine—of those, only seven show a reduction in the number of em-ployees from 2012 to 2014. In one of them, there was a reduction of one, and the other, a reduction of four employ-ees. And then there is another with a reduction of four, and another, a reduc-tion of six. The others had increases in their employment, and two of them, one went from 230 to 320, and another from 244 to 303. These are the smallest. 
b1715 
Let me also refer in this document to 
stock prices for the 12 largest U.S.- based device companies. 
When you look down at the profit 
margin, all of their profits went up ex-cept one, which had a reduction of 1.6 percent from the close of January 2, 2013, to the close of January 2, 2015. That reduction was tiny. The others had a very substantial reduction, some in the twenties, one in the thirties, and the average was a 13.8 percent increase in the profit margin. 
Also, this report reads: 
Similarly, the report on 2013 employment, 
released by a financial analysis news service, EP Vantage, showed that 11 of the top 15 de-vice makers expanded their workforce after the device tax went into effect. 
I think what is happening here is 
that a few of my colleagues are coming here and are using a few examples—and I don’t deny, in a capitalist system, there are some losers as well as win-ners. 
Everybody isn’t necessarily a winner, 
and there was a recession in this coun-try during some of these years, but to come here and to use those examples that really are refuted by the overall data, I think, is essentially saying that we ought to begin, on this point, to rip apart the ACA because, in every case, there hasn’t been an improvement for every company. In terms of research and development, the Ernst & Young report makes it very clear that spend-ing by the industry increased by 6 per-cent in the same year. 
I am just asking everybody who cares 
about healthcare reform and who cares about the overall picture here in the 
United States to resist the temptation to take several examples, perhaps, from their own districts, to draw con-clusions about what really has hap-pened in the medical device industry and to, essentially, come forth because of those relatively few examples and say that we should now, essentially, re-peal this provision, costing well over $20 billion—unpaid for—permanently. 
That is not only contrary to the let-
ter I read, but it is contrary to fairness within the healthcare industry, and it is really unfair to the millions of peo-ple who have benefited from the ACA when the motive, really, of so many of the Republicans who come here is not to simply repeal this tax, but it is part of an effort to, essentially, repeal the ACA altogether. We should resist that. 
The people of this country do not 
want that repeal, so let’s vote ‘‘no’’— and a resounding ‘‘no’’—on this pro-posal. 
MAY11, 2009. 
THEPRESIDENT , 
The White House, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : We believe that all 
Americans should have access to affordable, high quality health care services. Thus, we applaud your strong commitment to reform-ing our nation’s health care system. The times demand and the nation expects that we, as health care leaders, work with you to reform the health care system. 
The annual growth in national health ex-
penditures—including public and private spending—is projected by government actu-aries to average 6.2% through the next dec-ade. At that rate, the percent of gross do-mestic product spent on health care would increase from 17.6% this year to 20.3% in 2018—higher than any other country in the world. 
We are determined to work together to 
provide quality, affordable coverage and ac-cess for every American. It is critical, how-ever, that health reform also enhance qual-ity, improve the overall health of the popu-lation, and reduce cost growth. We believe that the proper approach to achieve and sus-tain reduced cost growth is one that will: im-prove the population’s health; continuously improve quality; encourage the advancement of medical treatments, approaches, and science; streamline administration; and en-courage efficient care delivery based on evi-dence and best practice. 
To achieve all of these goals, we have 
joined together in an unprecedented effort, as private sector stakeholders—physicians, hospitals, other health care workers, payors, suppliers, manufacturers, and organized labor—to offer concrete initiatives that will transform the health care system. As re-structuring takes hold and the population’s health improves over the coming decade, we will do our part to achieve your Administra-tion’s goal of decreasing by 1.5 percentage points the annual health care spending growth rate—saving $2 trillion or more. This represents more than a 20% reduction in the projected rate of growth. We believe this ap-proach can be highly successful and can help the nation to achieve the reform goals we all share. 
To respond to this challenge, we are devel-
oping consensus proposals to reduce the rate of increase in future health and insurance costs through changes made in all sectors of the health care system. We are committed to taking action in public-private partnership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.068 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4478 June 17, 2015 
to create a more stable and sustainable 
health care system that will achieve billions in savings through: 
Implementing proposals in all sectors of 
the health care system, focusing on adminis-trative simplification, standardization, and transparency that supports effective mar-kets; 
Reducing over-use and under-use of health 
care by aligning quality and efficiency in-centives among providers across the con-tinuum of care so that physicians, hospitals, and other health care providers are encour-aged and enabled to work together towards the highest standards of quality and effi-ciency; 
Encouraging coordinated care, both in the 
public and private sectors, and adherence to evidence-based best practices and therapies that reduce hospitalization, manage chronic disease more efficiently and effectively, and implement proven clinical prevention strate-gies; and, 
Reducing the cost of doing business by ad-
dressing cost drivers in each sector and through common sense improvements in care delivery models, health information tech-nology, workforce deployment and develop-ment, and regulatory reforms. 
These and other reforms will make our 
health care system stronger and more sus-tainable. However, there are many impor-tant factors driving health care costs that are beyond the control of the delivery sys-tem alone. Billions in savings can be achieved through a large-scale national ef-fort of health promotion and disease preven-tion to reduce the prevalence of chronic dis-ease and poor health status, which leads to unnecessary sickness and higher health costs. Reform should include a specific focus on obesity prevention commensurate with the scale of the problem. These initiatives are crucial to transform health care in America and to achieve our goal of reducing the rate of growth in health costs. 
We, as stakeholder representatives, are 
committed to doing our part to make reform a reality in order to make the system more affordable and effective for patients and pur-chasers. We stand ready to work with you to accomplish this goal. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEPHEN J. U BL, 
President and CEO, 
Advanced Medical Technology Associa-tion. 
K
AREN IGNAGNI , 
President and CEO, 
America’s Health In-surance Plans. 
R
ICHUMBDENSTOCK , 
President and CEO, 
American Hospital Association. 
J. J
AMES ROHACK , MD, 
President-elect Amer-
ican Medical Asso-ciation. 
B
ILLY TAUZIN , 
President and CEO, 
Pharmaceutical Re-search and Manu-facturers of America. 
D
ENNIS RIVERA , 
Chair, SEIU 
Healthcare, Service Employees Inter-national Union. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I have a couple of points right off the 
bat. My friend from Michigan claims that the tax hasn’t necessarily im-pacted jobs, that there are only certain stories. I would just point out that, in his home State, there is a company 
named Stryker—now, it is a larger company—that laid off 1,000 employees back in November of 2011 to provide ef-ficiencies and realign resources in ad-vance of the new medical device excise tax. 
As to a lot of data that was men-
tioned earlier, those figures that are talking about how well the industry is doing and as to the growth and the sales numbers are global data. These are companies that have global aware-ness and a global presence. Those are not U.S. jobs. We want those jobs in the United States. If we can repeal this tax, we can make sure that job growth is here in the U.S. instead of outside of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not smart tax 
policy. It is hurting our innovators, and it is costing us jobs. This industry is an American success story. We all know the names of the larger compa-nies because some of those were men-tioned here in debate on the floor today, but there are thousands of these companies—the vast majority—be-cause, again, 98 percent have fewer than 500 employees, and over 80 percent have fewer than 50 employees. 
These are companies you have never 
heard of, but there is a doctor or an en-gineer or an entrepreneur who has started or who has come up with an idea to create a company in the back-yard or in the garage to help improve lives or to save lives. That is what we are trying to protect here, Mr. Speak-er. 
These are not technicians in some 
white lab coats who are trying to im-prove widgets or to build a widget fast-er. These are, literally, small busi-nesses that are on missions to save lives. If you think about it, what could be more entrepreneurially worthwhile than that? 
We in Congress have a responsibility 
to give America’s innovators the best shot, the best opportunity possible, by removing any obstructions to those in-ventions that are going to bring us all a better quality of life. We have the ability to help create a new age of American innovation, and we can help kick-start that process this week— today, tomorrow, with a vote—by re-pealing the destructive medical device tax. 
It was mentioned as a part of the de-
bate also that the industry came for-ward and that there was vast support for the Affordable Care Act, and they agreed to the tax. Mr. Speaker, there are no letters from the industry what-soever that support their buy-in for a 2.3 percent excise tax—a tax on rev-enue, not on profit. 
It is true that there were letters that 
were put out that said they were com-mitted to healthcare reform and that they wanted to see that process move forward, but then they were very vocal when this excise tax idea was floated as a part of the new healthcare law and even after the law passed. It has been continuous, this awareness about their opposition in their knowing of the det-rimental effects that it would have. Mr. Speaker, this is also not about 
the Affordable Care Act because we have had many votes on that—to re-peal it, to change it, to move in a dif-ferent direction. This is about a tax that is going into the general fund, that is not going into some special ac-count to fund ObamaCare. That is not what this tax is doing. This is going into the general fund. 
That Affordable Care Act discussion 
will come up at another time with the Court case coming up in the near fu-ture. This is more of an opportunity to stand up with a bipartisan voice to de-clare our support for American manu-facturing, for American jobs, and for protecting our patients, including our seniors. 
I just want to remind my friends that 
the President has said that he has been open to any ideas that will improve ac-cessibility, that will improve afford-ability, and the quality of health care. That is exactly what this bill does. It is about protecting access to those de-vices. 
It is also important to point out the 
281 cosponsors. The bipartisan support is deep, and it is broad. If you think back to the sustainable growth rate de-bate we had just a little over a month ago, that is important to bring up. Why? It is because there was broad, bi-partisan support and a belief that the policy was harming patient care and innovation. 
This is good policy now if we can re-
peal this tax. It is about doing the right thing for our constituents, which outweighs the concerns of the offsets. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 319, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.037 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4479 June 17, 2015 
STRENGTHENING MEDICARE AD-
VANTAGE THROUGH INNOVATION AND TRANSPARENCY FOR SEN-IORS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2570) to establish a dem-onstration program requiring the utili-zation of Value-Based Insurance Design 
to demonstrate that reducing the co-payments or coinsurance charged to Medicare beneficiaries for selected high-value prescription medications and clinical services can increase their utilization and ultimately improve clinical outcomes and lower health care expenditures, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2570 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-
ening Medicare Advantage through Innova-tion and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF PATIENT ENCOUNTERS 
IN AMBULATORY SURGICAL CEN-TERS IN DETERMINING MEANING-FUL EHR USE. 
Section 1848(o)(2) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)) is amended by adding at the end of the following new sub-paragraph: 
‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF PATIENT ENCOUNTERS  
AT AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for 
a payment year after 2015 any patient en-counter of an eligible professional occurring at an ambulatory surgical center (described in section 1833(i)(1)(A)) shall not be treated as a patient encounter in determining whether an eligible professional qualifies as a meaningful EHR user. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this clause by program in-struction or otherwise. 
‘‘(ii) S
UNSET .—Clause (i) shall no longer 
apply as of the first payment year that be-gins more than 3 years after the date the Secretary determines, through notice and comment rulemaking, that certified EHR technology is applicable to the ambulatory surgical center setting.’’. 
SEC. 3. VALUE-BASED INSURANCE DESIGN DEM-
ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a 3- year demonstration program to test the use of value-based insurance design methodolo-gies (as defined in subsection (c)(1)) under el-igible Medicare Advantage plans offered by Medicare Advantage organizations under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.). The Sec-retary may extend the program to a duration of 4 or 5 years, as determined necessary by the Secretary in coordination with the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation. 
(b) D
EMONSTRATION PROGRAM DESIGN .— 
(1) S ELECTION OF MEDICARE ADVANTAGE  
SITES AND ELIGIBLE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE  
PLANS .—Not later than two years after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) select at least two Medicare Advantage 
sites with respect to which to conduct the demonstration program under this section; and 
(B) approve eligible Medicare Advantage 
plans to participate in such demonstration program. In selecting Medicare Advantage sites under 
subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall take into account area differences as well as the availability of health maintenance organiza-tion plans and preferred provider organiza-tion plans offered in such sites. 
(2) S
TART OF DEMONSTRATION .—The dem-
onstration program shall begin not later than the third plan year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS .— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘eligi-ble Medicare Advantage plan’’ means a Medi-care Advantage plan under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.) that meets the following re-quirements: 
(A) The plan is an Medicare Advantage re-
gional plan (as defined in paragraph (4) of section 1859(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 28(b))) or Medicare Advantage local plan (as defined in paragraph (5) of such section) of-fered in the Medicare Advantage region se-lected under paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) The plan has— (i)(I) a quality rating under section 1853(o) 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)) of 4 stars or higher based on the most recent data available for such year, or (II) in the case of a specialized Medicare Advantage plan for special needs individuals, as defined in sec-tion 1859(b)(6)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(b)(6)(A)), a quality rating under sec-tion 1853(o) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)) equal to or higher than the national average for special needs plans (excluding Institu-tional-Special needs plans) based on the most recent data available for such year; and 
(ii) at least 20 percent of the population to 
whom the plan is offered in a service area consists of subsidy eligible individuals (as defined in section 1860D–14(a)(3)(A) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 114(a)(3)(A))). 
(4) D
ISCLOSURE TO BENEFICIARIES .—The Sec-
retary shall provide to each individual eligi-ble to enroll under a Medicare Advantage plan approved to participate under the dem-onstration program during a plan year for which the plan is so selected— 
(A) notification that the plan is partici-
pating in such demonstration program; 
(B) background information on the dem-
onstration program; 
(C) clinical data derived from the studies 
resulting from the demonstration program; and 
(D) notification of the potential benefits 
that the individual will receive, and of the other potential impacts that the individual will experience, on account of the participa-tion of the plan in the demonstration pro-gram. 
(c) V
ALUE -BASED INSURANCE DESIGN METH-
ODOLOGIES .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘value-based insurance design methodology’’ means a methodology for identifying specific prescription medica-tions, and clinical services that are payable under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, for which the reduction of copayments, coin-surance, or both, would improve the manage-ment of specific chronic clinical conditions because of the high value and effectiveness of such medications and services for such specific chronic clinical conditions, as ap-proved by the Secretary. 
(2) U
SE OF METHODOLOGIES TO REDUCE CO -
PAYMENTS AND COINSURANCE .—A Medicare 
Advantage organization offering an eligible Medicare Advantage plan approved to par-ticipate under the demonstration program, for each plan year for which the plan is so se-lected and using value-based insurance de-sign methodologies— 
(A) shall identify each prescription medi-
cation and clinical service covered under such plan for which the plan proposes to re-
duce or eliminate the copayment or coinsur-ance, with respect to the management of spe-cific chronic clinical conditions (as specified by the Secretary) of Medicare Advantage eli-gible individuals (as defined in section 1851(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(a)(3))) enrolled under such plans, for such plan year; 
(B) may, for such plan year, reduce or 
eliminate copayments, coinsurance, or both for such prescription medication and clinical services so identified with respect to the management of such conditions of such indi-viduals— 
(i) if such reduction or elimination is evi-
dence-based and for the purpose of encour-aging such individuals in such plan to use such prescription medications and clinical services (such as preventive care, primary care, specialty visits, diagnostic tests, proce-dures, and durable medical equipment) with respect to such conditions; and 
(ii) for the purpose of encouraging such in-
dividuals in such plan to use health care pro-viders that such organization has identified with respect to such plan year as being high value providers; and 
(C) if a reduction or elimination is applied 
pursuant to subparagraph (B), with respect to such medication and clinical services, shall, for such plan year, count toward the deductible applicable to such individual under such plan amounts that would have been payable by the individual as copayment or coinsurance for such medication and serv-ices if the reduction or elimination had not been applied. 
(3) P
ROHIBITION OF INCREASES OF COPAY -
MENTS AND COINSURANCE .—In no case may 
any Medicare Advantage plan participating 
in the demonstration program increase, for any plan year for which the plan is so par-ticipating, the amount of copayments or co-insurance for any item or service covered under such plan for purposes of discouraging the use of such item or service. 
(d) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the demonstration pro-gram under this section begins under sub-section (b)(2), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the status of the imple-mentation of the demonstration program. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall, with respect to eligible Medicare Advantage plans participating in the demonstration program for the first plan year of such program, include the following: 
(A) A list of each medication and service 
identified pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) for such plan with respect to such plan year. 
(B) For each such medication or service so 
identified, the amount of the copayment or coinsurance required under such plan with respect to such plan year for such medica-tion or service and the amount of the reduc-tion of such copayment or coinsurance from a previous plan year. 
(C) For each provider identified pursuant 
to subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii) for such plan with respect to such plan year, a statement of the amount of the copayment or coinsurance re-quired under such plan with respect to such plan year and the amount of the reduction of such copayment or coinsurance from the pre-vious plan year. 
(e) R
EVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF UTILIZATION  
OFVALUE -BASED INSURANCE DESIGN METH-
ODOLOGIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter 
into a contract or agreement with an inde-pendent entity to review and assess the im-plementation of the demonstration program under this section. The review and assess-ment shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the utilization of 
value-based insurance design methodologies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.072 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4480 June 17, 2015 
by Medicare Advantage plans participating 
under such program. 
(B) An analysis of whether reducing or 
eliminating the copayment or coinsurance for each medication and clinical service identified pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) re-sulted in increased adherence to medication regimens, increased service utilization, im-provement in quality metrics, better health outcomes, and enhanced beneficiary experi-ence. 
(C) An analysis of the extent to which 
costs to Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act participating in the demonstration pro-gram is less than costs to Medicare Advan-tage plans under such part that are not par-ticipating in the demonstration program. 
(D) An analysis of whether reducing or 
eliminating the copayment or coinsurance for providers identified pursuant to sub-section (c)(2)(B)(ii) resulted in improvement in quality metrics, better health outcomes, and enhanced beneficiary experience. 
(E) An analysis, for each provider so iden-
tified, the extent to which costs to Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act participating in the demonstration program is less than costs to Medicare Advantage plans under such part that are not participating in the demonstra-tion program. 
(F) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The contract or agreement 
entered into under paragraph (1) shall re-quire such entity to submit to the Secretary a report on the review and assessment con-ducted by the entity under such paragraph in time for the inclusion of the results of such report in the report required by paragraph (3). Such report shall include a description, in clear language, of the manner in which 
the entity conducted the review and assess-ment. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 4 
years after the date on which the demonstra-tion program begins under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the review and assessment of the demonstration program conducted under this subsection. The report shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the results of the re-
view and assessment included in the report submitted pursuant to paragraph (2). 
(B) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate for enhancing the utilization of the methodologies applied under the demonstration program to all Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act so as to reduce copayments and coinsurance under such plans paid by Medicare beneficiaries for high-value prescription medications and clinical services for which coverage is pro-vided under such plans and to otherwise im-prove the quality of health care provided under such plans. 
(4) O
VERSIGHT REPORT .—Not later than 
three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the demonstration program that in-cludes an assessment, with respect to indi-viduals enrolled under Medicare Advantage plans approved to participate under the dem-onstration program, of the impact that the age, co-morbidities, and geographic regions of such individuals had upon the implemen-tation of the demonstration program by the plans with respect to such individuals. 
(f) S
AVINGS .—In no case may any reduction 
in beneficiary copayments or coinsurance re-sulting from the implementation of the dem-onstration program under this section result in expenditures under parts A, B, and D of the title XVIII of the Social Security Act that are greater than such expenditures 
without application of this section. 
(g) E
XPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM .—Taking into account the review and 
assessment conducted under subsection (e), the Secretary may, through notice and com-ment rulemaking, expand (including imple-mentation on a nationwide basis) the dura-tion and scope of the demonstration program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, other than under the original medicare fee- for-service program under parts A and B of such title, to the extent determined appro-priate by the Secretary, if the requirements of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) of subsection (c) of section 1115A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a), as applied to the testing of a model under subsection (b) of such section, applied to the demonstration under this sec-tion. 
(h) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may waive such provisions of titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act as may be necessary to carry out the demonstration program under this section. 
(i) I
MPLEMENTATION FUNDING .—For pur-
poses of carrying out the demonstration pro-gram under this section, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i) and the Federal Supplementary Insur-ance Trust Fund under section 1841 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t), including the Medicare Prescription Drug Account in such Trust Fund, in such proportion as de-termined appropriate by the Secretary, of such sums as may be necessary. 
SEC. 4. TREATMENT OF INFUSION DRUGS FUR-
NISHED THROUGH DURABLE MED-ICAL EQUIPMENT. 
Section 1842(o)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(o)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(and 
including a drug or biological described in subparagraph (D)(i) furnished on or after January 1, 2017)’’ after ‘‘2005’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘infusion drugs’’ and in-
serting ‘‘infusion drugs or biologicals’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2004, 
and before January 1, 2017’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘for such drug’’. 
SEC. 5. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
IMPLEMENTATION AND DISTRIBU-TION OF QUALITY INCENTIVE PAY-MENTS TO MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services has incorrectly interpreted sub-section (n) of section 1853 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23) as prohibiting the provision of any Medicare quality incen-tive payments under subsection (o) of such section with respect to Medicare Advantage plans that exceed the payment benchmark cap under such subsection (n) for the area served by such plans; and 
(2) the Secretary should immediately apply 
quality incentive payments under such sub-section (o) with respect to such Medicare Ad-vantage plans without regard to the limits set forth in such subsection (n). 
SEC. 6. MEDICARE IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘during and after fiscal year 2020, $0’’ and inserting ‘‘after fiscal year 2020, $220,000,000’’. 
SEC. 7. NON-INCLUSION OF DME INFUSION 
DRUGS UNDER DME COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1847(a)(2)(A) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3(a)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and excluding’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘, excluding’’; and 
(2) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and excluding drugs and biologicals described in section 1842(o)(1)(D)’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1842(o)(1)(D)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(o)(1)(D)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2007, and before the date of the enactment of the Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARDY ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. B RADY ) and 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 2570, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I stand in strong support of H.R. 2570, 
the Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act. 
This package is comprised of two 
policies, and I will let the sponsors, who have worked so hard, speak to them in more depth. 
The Electronic Health Fairness Act 
of 2015, as marked up by the committee back in February, brings fairness to physicians who are practicing in the ASC setting by reducing meaningful use burdens for sites of service that were left out of the EHR technology re-quirements. This exemption only lasts until the ASCs are able to catch up, and then everybody will be on an equal footing regarding meaningful use re-quirements. 
The bill then establishes a new dem-
onstration program based on value- based insurance design. This proposal would give plans the ability to adjust benefits based on their enrollees’ needs. The one-size-fits-all policies in Medi-care Advantage create the need for dif-ferent types of plans that wouldn’t be necessary if regular Medicare Advan-tage plans could adjust their benefit structures to better serve our seniors. 
Reducing copays or cost sharing for 
beneficiaries for the sake of better healthcare outcomes is right in line with the principles that I support as all seniors are different and should be served as such, so that all have an op-portunity for positive health outcomes. 
The bill also includes a policy that 
changes the way Medicare pays for drugs that doctors prescribe that are infused through durable medical equip-ment items. This change means that Medicare payments will be more mar-ket based. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.030 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4481 June 17, 2015 
The policy does take away the poten-
tial that these rates could change sig-nificantly in the future by exempting the drugs from DME competitive bid-ding. I am committed to ensuring that beneficiaries who need these drugs are able to continue to get them in their homes, and I will certainly monitor the impact. 
I want to thank Ways and Means 
members Mrs. B
LACK of Tennessee and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER of Oregon for their 
continued leadership in improving Medicare Advantage. Their very hard work will ensure that seniors, for years to come, will enjoy better healthcare choices and more options at that. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I join with the gentleman from Texas 
in supporting H.R. 2570. Representative D
IANE BLACK and Representative E ARL 
BLUMENAUER have worked hard on this 
issue. 
This legislation will allow the Sec-
retary of HHS to conduct a demonstra-tion, giving managed care organiza-tions the ability to offer plans with a variety of benefit structures that would lower the cost sharing for high- value service. We think it makes a lot of sense, and I concur. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1730 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), a key 
member of the Committee on Ways and Means and a healthcare professional herself. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, as a nurse 
for over 40 years, I understand the challenge of helping Americans find af-fordable healthcare coverage, but the sad truth is, even for those who do have health coverage, high deductibles and out-of-pocket costs can leave too many Americans functionally uninsured. 
When families are forced to choose 
between buying groceries and filling a prescription, their health is sidelined, and they risk facing even higher med-ical costs down the road. That is why I authored H.R. 2570, the Strengthening Medicare Advantage Through Innova-tion and Transparency for Seniors Act. Our bill directs CMS to set up a pilot project for what is known as Value- Based Insurance Design, or otherwise known as VBID. 
Instead of the current one-size-fits- 
all approach to cost sharing, VBID em-braces the idea that by lowering a pa-tient’s out-of-pocket costs for essential prescription drugs and services, cus-tomers will then be motivated to stick with their regimen and stay healthier. This will, in turn, decrease the overall long-term costs to our healthcare sys-tem and provide a higher quality of care for our patients. 
My bill also helps our providers by 
offering ambulatory surgical centers relief from the electronic health records’ meaningful use mandate. While this recordkeeping system may 
make sense in a hospital setting, it doesn’t always work for a small, out-patient surgical facility. Providers who practice medicine in these settings should not be penalized as a result. 
I thank Congressman B
LUMENAUER  
and Congresswoman C ATHY MCMORRIS  
RODGERS for their strong commitment 
to VBID policy. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 2570. Mr. RANGEL. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time I concur 
with the gentleman from Texas. Mem-bers have worked hard in perfecting these bills, and I support H.R. 2570. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This is a very good bill. It is a good 
improvement to Medicare Advantage, and it is really a case of Republicans and Democrats finding common ground and doing it in a way that helps seniors with their choices and really tailoring health care to them. 
I strongly urge support for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2570, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambulatory surgical centers in de-termining meaningful EHR use, estab-lish a demonstration program requir-ing the utilization of Value-Based In-surance Design to demonstrate that re-ducing the copayments or coinsurance charged to Medicare beneficiaries for selected high-value prescription medi-cations and clinical services can in-crease their utilization and ultimately improve clinical outcomes and lower health care expenditures, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
INCREASING REGULATORY 
FAIRNESS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2507) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish an annual rulemaking schedule for pay-ment rates under Medicare Advantage, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2507 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Increasing 
Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. ESTABLISHING AN ANNUAL RULEMAKING 
SCHEDULE FOR PAYMENT RATES UNDER MEDICARE ADVANTAGE. 
Section 1853(b) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(b)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by inserting 
‘‘, A NNUAL RULEMAKING SCHEDULE FOR PAY-
MENT RATES FOR 2017 AND SUBSEQUENT  
YEARS ’’ after ‘‘R ATES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-
ing ‘‘
BEFORE 2017 ’’ after ‘‘ YEARS ’’; and 
(ii) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘and before 2017’’ after ‘‘2005’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A NNUAL RULEMAKING SCHEDULE FOR  
PAYMENT RATES FOR 2017 AND SUBSEQUENT  
YEARS .—For 2017 and each subsequent year, 
before April 1 of the preceding year, the Sec-retary shall, by regulation and in accordance with the notice and public comment periods required under paragraph (2) for such a year, annually determine and announce the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) The annual MA capitation rate for 
each MA payment area for such year. 
‘‘(ii) The risk and other factors to be used 
in adjusting such rates under subsection (a)(1)(A) for payments for months in such year. 
‘‘(iii) With respect to each MA region and 
each MA regional plan for which a bid was submitted under section 1854, the MA region- specific non-drug monthly benchmark amount for that region for the year involved. 
‘‘(iv) The major policy changes to the risk 
adjustment model, and the 5-star rating sys-tem established under subsection (o), that are determined to have an economic im-pact.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(or, for 2017 and each sub-
sequent year, at least 60 days)’’ after ‘‘45 days’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(for 2017 and each subse-
quent year, of no less than 30 days)’’ after ‘‘opportunity’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman 
from California (Mr. T HOMPSON ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2507 currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of 
H.R. 2507, the Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act. This is an important piece of legislation. Today, the Medi-care Advantage program serves more than 16 million seniors throughout the country. Enrollment has increased more than threefold over the past dec-ade, and it is expected to nearly double in the next. 
To ensure that seniors are able to 
continue receiving the kind of high- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.073 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4482 June 17, 2015 
quality care they receive under the 
program, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, known as CMS, is expected to pay about $156 billion to more than 3,600 Medicare Advantage plans just this year. That is nearly 30 percent of all Medicare spending, by the way. 
Typically, every year CMS sends out 
what is called the rate notice to plans and Medicare Advantage companies that details the various payment rates and benefit changes the agency plans to make for the following year. This notice follows the standard rulemaking process of other payment systems. That is, a draft notice is published, the public has a certain amount of time to submit comments and questions, and then the agency publishes a final no-tice based on that feedback. 
Right now, this current process takes 
about 45 days. Do you know how many days are currently allotted for public comment? The answer: A mere 15 days—15 days for thousands of plans and millions of stakeholders to submit comments on proposed changes to a program that amounts to one-third of all Medicare spending. 
I could almost understand this if the 
rate notice were a short and concise document, easy to understand, and simple to implement, but of course it is not. The rate notice has grown from around 16 pages in 2006 to nearly 150 pages this year. That is over a ninefold increase. All the while, the time for the public comment period has remained the same. This means less and less time for plans and Congress to conduct the necessary review so we can provide CMS with the kind of feedback that would better help the agency assess the impact of their proposed changes. This is important because without accurate feedback, CMS could inadvertently move forward with a proposed change to the Medicare Advantage program that might negatively impact these seniors who depend on these plans for access to essential medical care. 
The legislation before us is simple 
and straightforward. All it proposes to do is extend the public notice period from 45 days to 60 days, which would mean an extension of the comment pe-riod from 15 to 30 days. This is a com-monsense, good government fix we can make that will give plans more time to understand the changes that Medicare proposes, offer constructive feedback, and make the Medicare Advantage pro-gram overall more responsive to senior needs. 
I want to thank Mr. T
HOMPSON of 
California, who is a key member of our Committee on Ways and Means, and Mr. P
ITTS, the chairman of the Health 
Subcommittee on Energy and Com-merce, for their thoughtful and very helpful work on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Mr. B
RADY . It was a pleasure working 
with him on this piece of legislation. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2507. Every 
year, as was pointed out, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services publishes its Medicare Advantage call letter and rate notice that outlines all the payment rates and the changes for nearly 2,000 plans that serve our most vulnerable population. 
About 10 years ago the call letter and 
rate notice were less than 20 pages long. Since then, enrollment in Medi-care Advantage has nearly tripled. Medicare Advantage policies have be-come more complex, and the call letter and the rate notice has grown nearly tenfold. They run about 150 to 200 pages. 
The same time, the time between the 
publishing of the draft notice and the final notice, which is currently 45 days, has remained unchanged. During this 45-day period, in which there are only 15 days to comment on the proposed changes in the program, the plans, Members of this body and our staff are expected to review 150 pages of regu-latory changes and understand the im-pacts of the proposed policy changes on those programs that provide essential medical care to over one-third of Medi-care beneficiaries. 
As we all know, and as we have all 
experienced every February and March, this does not lend itself to an efficient, effective, nor transparent process. Moreover, it deprives CMS of thought-ful, constructive feedback that is nec-essary to improve a program that our seniors love and rely on. This bill is a simple, straightforward measure that will improve the current process by ex-panding the current cycle from 45 to 60 days, which will give plans, stake-holders, Members, and our staff 30 full days—double the current time al-lowed—to analyze and provide feedback on the draft call letter and rate no-tices. 
This is a no-cost, good government, 
bipartisan bill that will make the proc-ess more transparent, more fair, and more advantageous for the bene-ficiaries whom we serve. Therefore, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a key new mem-
ber of the House of Representatives who understands the importance of Medicare Advantage. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, one of the things I always strive for in my personal and professional life is always trying to do things better. As I tell my staff, there is no such thing as standing still. If you are not moving forward, then you are moving back-ward. We can all continue to get better at what we do. 
That is the goal of H.R. 2507, the In-
creasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015. As part of an annual rulemaking process, the Centers for Medicare and 
Medicaid Services update payments to the Medicare Advantage program. With the current structure of this annual process, health insurers are given little time to submit comments to the new payment rates or even determine whether the payment adjustment is beneficial to Medicare Advantage en-rollees. 
With H.R. 2507, health insurers will 
have additional time to analyze wheth-er the payment adjustments for Medi-care Advantage plans are justified and overall beneficial. I believe we must al-ways try to get better every day. This includes our work as civil servants. H.R. 2507 will provide a better environ-ment for CMS and health insurers to create the best payment rate agree-ment regarding Medicare Advantage plans. By providing more time for com-ments and the finalizing of rates, Medi-care Advantage enrollees will receive a better calculated benefit for their plans. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I concur with the statements previously made by my colleagues and thank both Mr. B
RADY and Mr. P ITTS 
for working with me on this legisla-tion. As I have stated before, this is a simple, no-cost bill that will improve the current process and the Medicare Advantage program for our seniors. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2507. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I join with Congress-
man T
HOMPSON . I appreciate so much 
his work in this area in a bipartisan way on a bill that not only bridges both parties but a number of commit-tees in this Congress and really just provides a commonsense way to make sure the public, Congress, and others can comment, and to make sure these rules really benefit the seniors who are receiving Medicare Advantage. I urge strong support for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us 
today expands an annual regulatory schedule for Medicare Advantage (MA) payment rates so that stakeholders have the necessary time to review and provide feedback to ensure sen-iors continue to have access to quality, low- cost plans of their choosing. 
H.R. 2507, the Increasing Regulatory Fair-
ness Act of 2015, was introduced by my col-league, Representative K
EVIN BRADY (TX), 
Chairman of the Health Subcommittee of Ways and Means, and I cosponsored along with M
IKETHOMPSON (CA), P ETE SESSIONS  
(TX), and K YRSTEN SINEMA (AZ). This bipar-
tisan, commonsense legislation will facilitate greater understanding and collaboration be-tween industry stakeholders and regulators, and will offer a greater opportunity for public input in the establishment of policies affecting the MA and Part D plans. 
Since 2006, when the Medicare Moderniza-
tion Act’s official implementation, and the Medicare Advantage/Part D call letter and rate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.076 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4483 June 17, 2015 
notice were around 16 pages long, a two- 
week comment period may have been ade-quate. Today, however, that document has grown to nearly 150 pages—and the comment period—still just 15 days—is simply not enough time for plans that now serve one-third of the Medicare population to analyze and gather substantive comments on increasingly complex policy changes. This bill would in-crease that comment period to 30 days, a strong step towards regulatory fairness for the successful Medicare Advantage/Part D pro-grams. 
Expanding this comment period allows for a 
fair amount of time in which both stakeholders, as well as Members of Congress and Commit-tees, have sufficient time to understand the policy implications and formulate comments, if they so choose. More time equals better, more thoughtful policies. 
Mr. Speaker, by approving this legislation, 
we will be giving seniors, insurance plan pro-viders and other interested stakeholders ade-quate time to comprehend and provide com-ments on proposed changes to Medicare Ad-vantage plans. 
This is an important and necessary legisla-
tive change and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2507. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposi-
tion to, specifically, the provision of H.R. 2570 that pays for the Value Based Insurance De-sign for Better Care Act. If this bill passes with its current pay-for in place, it will do so at the detriment of Americans who rely on home in-fusion therapies. 
‘‘Infusion therapy’’ refers to the administra-
tion of medication directly into the bloodstream through a needle or catheter. A patient will un-dergo infusion therapy when his or her dis-ease or infection cannot be adequately treated by oral medications. Infusion therapy is used to treat cancers, congestive heart failure, im-mune deficiencies, multiple sclerosis, rheu-matoid arthritis, gastrointestinal diseases, and other conditions. 
The administration of infusion therapies is 
significantly more involved than that of oral medications. Infusion therapy entails special-ized equipment, supplies, and professional services, including sterile drug compounding, care coordination, and patient education and monitoring. 
Currently, Medicare fully covers infusion 
therapy when it is administered in a hospital, doctor’s office or nursing home. However, Medicare’s coverage of infusion therapy in the home is fractured and does not adequately 
cover the services needed to provide infusions in the home. 
Not only does this coverage gap force pa-
tients into expensive institutional settings, but it also puts patients at risk of developing addi-tional infections in these environments. What’s more, this coverage gap prevents patients from receiving the treatment they need in the most comfortable setting possible: their homes. 
Although Medicare does not presently pay 
for the services that are essential for a patient to receive infusion therapies at home, pro-viders have been able to offer a limited set of home infusion drugs to Medicare beneficiaries via Medicare Part B DME coverage, as the re-imbursement they receive for home infusion drugs is substantial enough to cover the serv-ices necessary to administer those drugs. 
If H.R. 2570 passes in its current form, this 
will no longer be the case. The demonstration program that this legisla-
tion creates is financed by modifying the reim-bursement structure for infusion drugs under the Medicare Part B durable medical equip-ment benefit. This change will perpetuate the coverage gap that prevents Medicare from covering the indispensable service component of home infusion therapy. 
In addition, the drug reimbursement that 
providers receive will no longer be significant enough to capture home infusion services as it does currently. As a result, it will become exceedingly difficult for providers to offer Medi-care beneficiaries infusion therapy in their homes. 
I want to emphasize that I do not oppose 
changing the manner in which home infusion drugs are paid for. On the contrary, I have in-troduced H.R. 605, the Medicare Home Infu-sion Site of Care Act, with Congressman P
AT 
TIBERI . Our bill, which has garnered cospon-
sors from both sides of the aisle, would explic-itly cover the services that must be provided to administer infusion drugs at home. 
I ask that my colleagues think about the pa-
tients who depend on home infusion therapies. If we allow H.R. 2570 to pass in its current form, we simultaneously deny patients the ability to receive life-saving therapies in their homes, forcing them into institutional settings that will come at a cost to the Medicare pro-gram and, most importantly, to patients’ quality of life. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2507, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1745 
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE COV-
ERAGE TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2505) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the annual reporting of data on enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2505 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare 
Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENT FOR ENROLLMENT DATA 
REPORTING FOR MEDICARE. 
Section 1874 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395kk) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ENROLLMENT DATA 
REPORTING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than May 1 of 
each year (beginning with 2016), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report 
on enrollment data (and, in the case of part A, on data on individuals receiving benefits under such part) for the plan year or, in the case of part A and part B, for the fiscal year or year (as applicable) ending before January 1 of such plan year, fiscal year, or year. Such enrollment data shall be presented— 
‘‘(A) by zip code, congressional district, 
and State; 
‘‘(B) in a manner that provides for such 
data based on enrollment (including receipt of benefits other than through enrollment) under part A, enrollment under part B, en-rollment under an MA plan under part C, and enrollment under part D; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of enrollment data de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) relating to MA plans, presented in a manner that provides for such data for each MA–PD plan and for each MA plan that is not an MA–PD plan. 
‘‘(2) D
ELAY OF DEADLINE .—If the Secretary 
is unable to submit a report under paragraph (1) by May 1 of a year for data of the plan year, fiscal year, or year (as applicable) end-ing before January 1 of such year, the Sec-retary shall, not later than April 30 of such year, notify the committees described in such paragraph of— 
‘‘(A) such inability, including an expla-
nation for such inability; and 
‘‘(B) the date by which the Secretary will 
provide such report, which shall be not later than June 1 of such year.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. R ANGEL ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2505 currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, after my remarks, I will 
include in the R
ECORD an exchange of 
letters between the committees of ju-risdiction. 
I stand in strong support of H.R. 2505, 
the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015. This is com-monsense legislation. It is truly about transparency in healthcare data. 
Medicare Advantage currently makes 
up close to one-third of the Medicare program’s enrollees. The Congressional Budget Office projects that Medicare enrollment numbers will swell over the next decade and that Medicare Advan-tage will grow to over 40 percent of Medicare. 
It will be beneficial for Members of 
Congress to fully understand what the makeup of health enrollment is in their district, whether it is Medicare Advantage; part D, the prescription drug plan; or fee-for-service. Members and their staff will be able to serve their constituents better and more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.028 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4484 June 17, 2015 
fully with access to this data. As we 
continue to work on, process, and pass legislation to improve the Medicare program, getting this enrollment snap-shot will provide very necessary trans-parency and openness. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), Mr. K IND, 
and Mr. B ILIRAKIS for their hard work 
in getting this legislation through the committee and to the House floor. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, June 12, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN RYAN: I write in regard to 
H.R. 2505, Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Ways and Means on June 2, 2015. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Com-merce will forgo action on H.R. 2505 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 2505 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2505 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during consid-
eration of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
FREDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, June 9, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest in H.R. 2505, the Medicare Ad-vantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015, and your willingness to forego consideration by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of the bill and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate ap-pointment of outside conferees from your committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of H.R. 2505. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I concur with the gentleman from 
Texas. My dear friend M IKEKELLY and 
Congressman R ONKINDhave worked 
together in trying to get more informa-tion for the Congress from our congres-sional districts to see exactly what the 
enrollments are in Medicare. It makes us better legislators so we can improve the bill. 
I think these bills are worthy of the 
support of the House of Representa-tives, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a new member of the Ways and 
Means Committee and a businessperson who understands the openness and transparency required to improve Medicare. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, Thomas Jefferson once 
opined: 
The cornerstone of democracy rests on the 
foundation of an educated electorate. When-ever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government. 
Jefferson’s vision for our democracy 
was premised on the notion that indi-viduals are intelligent enough to deter-mine the best choices for their lives, their families, and their communities, and not some monolithic, paternalistic government. 
A prerequisite to being well-in-
formed, however, is to ensure that the American people have adequate infor-mation about how Federal policies and decisions made in Washington will or are impacting their lives. That is why transparency is so vital to our system of government: it provides the nec-essary information to educate or our on which our democracy depends. 
Laws and their impacts should not be 
shrouded in secrecy. Congress and the administration need to be fostering a culture of openness and transparency when legislating and making decisions here in Washington. That is what this legislation is all about: providing more transparency to the American people about their health care, specifically Medicare Advantage coverage. 
H.R. 2505, the Medicare Advantage 
Coverage Transparency Act, is a bill to do just that. With passage of H.R. 2505, CMS will be required to provide addi-tional information on Medicare Advan-tage enrollment based on ZIP Code, congressional district, and State. 
This data will be available for both 
Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plans as well as regular Medicare Ad-vantage. Enrollment data under part A, part B, enrollment under an MA plan under part C, and enrollment under part D would also be covered. 
The purpose of this additional data is 
to provide greater information to the public, policymakers, and the healthcare community so that they have the benefit of more and better in-formation when making decisions. 
CMS should provide a more trans-
parent accounting of Medicare enroll-ment data to Congress, other govern-ment offices, and the American people so committees of jurisdiction can bet-ter understand how Medicare is serving the healthcare needs of the Nation as well as individual congressional dis-
tricts. 
H.R. 2505 would require an annual re-
port on Medicare enrollment data so that Members of Congress have more accurate information regarding the constituents’ use of Medicare pro-grams. Such transparency will allow Americans and Members of Congress to better know and understand the scope of Medicare enrollment on a local level as well as the specific population af-fected. 
In 2014, the majority of the 54 million 
people on Medicare are in the tradi-tional Medicare program, with 30 per-cent enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. Since 2004, the number of bene-ficiaries enrolled in private plans has almost tripled—from 5.3 million to 15.7 million in 2014. 
In Pennsylvania, 18 percent of the 
total population in the Commonwealth is enrolled in some form of Medicare. Of the 18 percent, 39 percent of those Medicare beneficiaries are enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans. That means that 7 percent of Pennsylvanians are enrolled in the Medicare Advantage plan. 
This legislation will give me and my 
constituents more information about how changes to Medicare Advantage plans in Washington will impact my constituents at home in the Third Con-gressional District of Pennsylvania and every Member and their constituents around this great country. 
I want to thank Chairman R
YAN for 
bringing up this bill. I also want to thank Leader M
CCARTHY for bringing 
this bill to the floor. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), 
one of the key authors of the legisla-tion and one of the leaders of health care on the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of a bill I am proud to sponsor with my friends—Representa-tive K
ELLY , who is the lead sponsor, 
and Representative K IND—H.R. 2505, 
the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act. 
Fifteen million Americans choose 
Medicare Advantage. By all accounts, Medicare Advantage has been success-ful for its enrollees, including those I represent. Similarly, approximately 37 million seniors chose part D as of 2014. Over 1,000 Medicare part D plans are of-fered nationwide, and the program has continued to grow in popularity and be well under its initial budget projec-tions. I think Medicare part D is one of the greatest programs in the history of the Congress. 
The Center for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services’ Office of Legislation used to issue reports on the Medicare Advantage and part D enrollment data for each congressional district; how-ever, in 2012, they stopped issuing these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.080 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4485 June 17, 2015 
reports. Why? It is now 2015, and they 
have still not provided this data. 
Information is valuable to legislators 
and health researchers. The more infor-mation we have about how a program is working, the better decisions we can make. Currently, enrollment data for Medicare Advantage and part D come from third-party sources; however, it is time for CMS to continue to do its job and provide this information. 
As I said earlier, by all accounts from 
third parties, both Medicare Advantage and part D are successful programs and, of course, as is traditional Medi-care. These programs are used by so many seniors, Mr. Speaker. They are keeping our seniors healthier and sav-ing them money. 
This is a good government bill, and I 
am hopeful for a strong, bipartisan vote. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I concur 
with the objectives of this bill. I advo-cate a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
I appreciate the leadership of Mr. 
K
ELLY , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. K IND 
from Wisconsin, who together, Repub-licans and Democrats, crossed commit-tees and recognized the need for open-ness. 
Knowledge is power. Knowledge of 
Medicare Advantage and who is receiv-ing it in whose district we think is very important to strengthening Medi-care as an entire program going for-ward. 
I urge support for this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2505, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2146, DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY EMPLOYEES’ RETIRE-MENT ACT 
Mr. SESSIONS (during consideration 
of H.R. 2505) from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–167) on the resolution (H. Res. 321) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law en-forcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. SENIORS’ HEALTH CARE PLAN 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2582) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the risk adjustment under the Medicare Advantage program, to delay the au-thority to terminate Medicare Advan-tage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2582 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Seniors’ 
Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DELAY IN AUTHORITY TO TERMINATE 
CONTRACTS FOR MEDICARE ADVAN-TAGE PLANS FAILING TO ACHIEVE MINIMUM QUALITY RATINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Consistent with the studies 
provided under the IMPACT Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–185), it is the intent of Congress— 
(1) to continue to study and request input 
on the effects of socioeconomic status and dual-eligible populations on the Medicare Advantage STARS rating system before re-forming such system with the input of stake-holders; and 
(2) pending the results of such studies and 
input, to provide for a temporary delay in authority of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services (CMS) to terminate Medicare Advantage plan contracts solely on the basis of performance of plans under the STARS rating system. 
(b) D
ELAY IN MA C ONTRACT TERMINATION  
AUTHORITY FOR PLANS FAILING TOACHIEVE  
MINIMUM QUALITY RATINGS .—Section 1857(h) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 27(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) D
ELAY IN CONTRACT TERMINATION AU -
THORITY FOR PLANS FAILING TO ACHIEVE MIN -
IMUM QUALITY RATING .—The Secretary may 
not terminate a contract under this section with respect to the offering of an MA plan by a Medicare Advantage organization solely because the MA plan has failed to achieve a minimum quality rating under the 5-star rating system established under section 1853(o) during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph and through the end of plan year 2018.’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROVEMENTS TO MA RISK ADJUST-
MENT SYSTEM. 
Section 1853(a)(1)(C) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(a)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clauses: 
‘‘(iv) E
VALUATION AND SUBSEQUENT REVISION  
OF THE RISK ADJUSTMENT SYSTEM TO ACCOUNT  
FOR CHRONIC CONDITIONS AND OTHER FACTORS  
FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING THE RISK ADJUST -
MENT SYSTEM MORE ACCURATE , TRANSPARENT , 
AND REGULARLY UPDATED .— 
‘‘(I) R EVISION BASED ON NUMBER OF CHRONIC  
CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall revise for 
2017 and periodically thereafter, the risk ad-justment system under this subparagraph so that a risk score under such system, with re-spect to an individual, takes into account the number of chronic conditions with which the individual has been diagnosed. 
‘‘(II) E
VALUATION OF DIFFERENT RISK AD -
JUSTMENT MODELS .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the impact of including two years of data to compare the models used to deter-mine risk scores for 2013 and 2014 under such system. ‘‘(III) E
VALUATION AND ANALYSIS ON CHRON -
IC KIDNEY DISEASE (CKD) CODES .—The Sec-
retary shall evaluate the impact of removing the diagnosis codes related to chronic kidney disease in the 2014 risk adjustment model and conduct an analysis of best practices of MA plans to slow disease progression related to chronic kidney disease. 
‘‘(IV) E
VALUATION AND RECOMMENDATIONS  
ON USE OF ENCOUNTER DATA .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate the impact of including 10 per-cent of encounter data in computing pay-ment for 2016 and the readiness of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services to in-corporate encounter data in risk scores. In conducting such evaluation, the Secretary shall use data collected as encounter data on or after January 1, 2012, shall analyze such data for accuracy and completeness and issue recommendations for improving such accuracy and completeness, and shall not in-
crease the percentage of such encounter data used unless the Secretary releases the data publicly, indicates how such data will be weighted in computing the risk scores, and ensures that the data reflects the degree and cost of care coordination under MA plans. 
‘‘(V) C
ONDUCT OF EVALUATIONS .—Evalua-
tions and analyses under subclause (II) through (IV) shall include an actuarial opin-ion from the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services about the rea-sonableness of the methods, assumptions, and conclusions of such evaluations and analyses. The Secretary shall consult with the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission and accept and consider comments of stake-holders, such as managed care organizations and beneficiary groups, on such evaluation and analyses. The Secretary shall complete such evaluations and analyses in a manner that permits the results to be applied for plan years beginning with the second plan year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this clause. 
‘‘(VI) I
MPLEMENTATION OF REVISIONS BASED  
ON EVALUATIONS .—If the Secretary deter-
mines, based on such an evaluation or anal-ysis, that revisions to the risk adjustment system to address the matters described in any of subclauses (II) through (IV) would make the risk adjustment system under this subparagraph better reflect and appro-priately weight for the population that is served by the plan, the Secretary shall, be-ginning with 2017, and periodically there-after, make such revisions. 
‘‘(VII) P
ERIODIC REPORTING TO CONGRESS .— 
With respect to plan years beginning with 2017 and every third year thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the most recent revisions (if any) made under this clause, including the evaluations conducted under subclauses (II) through (IV). 
‘‘(v) N
O CHANGES TO ADJUSTMENT FACTORS  
THAT PREVENT ACTIVITIES CONSISTENT WITH  
NATIONAL HEALTH POLICY GOALS .—In making 
any changes to the adjustment factors, in-cluding adjustment for health status under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall ensure that the changes do not prevent Medicare Advantage organizations from performing or undertaking activities that are consistent with national health policy goals, including activities to promote early detection and better care coordination, the use of health risk assessments, care plans, and programs to slow the progression of chronic diseases. 
‘‘(vi) O
PPORTUNITY FOR REVIEW AND PUBLIC  
COMMENT REGARDING CHANGES TO ADJUSTMENT  
FACTORS .—For changes to adjustment factors 
effective for 2017 and subsequent years, in ad-dition to providing notice of such changes in the announcement under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall provide an opportunity for review of proposed changes of not less than 60 days and a public comment period of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.081 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4486 June 17, 2015 
not less than 30 days before implementing 
such changes.’’. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO MEDI-
CARE ADVANTAGE STAR RATING SYSTEM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services has inadvertently created a star rating system under section 1853(o)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)) for Medicare Advantage plans that lacks proper accounting for the socioeconomic sta-tus of enrollees in such plans and the extent to which such plans serve individuals who are also eligible for medical assistance under title XIX of such Act; and 
(2) Congress will work with the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services and stake-holders, including beneficiary groups and managed care organizations, to ensure that such rating system properly accounts for the socioeconomic status of enrollees in such plans and the extent to which such plans serve such individuals described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO MEDI-
CARE ADVANTAGE RISK ADJUST-MENT. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services should periodically monitor and im-prove the Medicare Advantage risk adjust-ment model to ensure that it accurately ac-counts for beneficiary risk, including for those individuals with complex chronic co-morbid conditions; 
(2) the Secretary should closely examine 
the current Medicare Advantage risk adjust-ment methodology to ensure that plans en-rolling beneficiaries with the greatest health care needs receive adequate reimbursement to deliver high-quality care and other serv-ices to help beneficiaries avoid costly com-plications and further progression of chronic conditions and to the extent data indicate this to be the case, the Secretary should make necessary adjustment to the risk ad-justment methodology; and 
(3) the Secretary should reconsider the im-
plementation of changes in the Medicare Ad-vantage risk adjustment methodology final-ized for 2016 and to use to the extent appro-priate the methodology finalized in 2015 for one additional year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. R ANGEL ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2582, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong sup-
port of H.R. 2582, the Securing Seniors’ Health Care Act of 2015. 
When Medicare began implementing 
the STARS ratings measurement sys-tem, they did so using the typical Washington approach of one size fits all. The STARS program uses the same measures to evaluate plans with dif-
ferent benefit designs and different coverage mixes. Congress needs to work with stakeholders and Medicare to reform this system to make it work for all. 
CMS should continue to study issues 
like the effect that socioeconomic con-ditions have on health care and the ef-fect that coverage of duals has on var-ious rating systems and thus properly serve their populations. 
This legislation is common sense. 
Let’s not restrict seniors from plans they have chosen and like just because they aren’t performing well under CMS’s poorly managed STARS stand-ards. 
Until we truly understand the effects 
of duals and low-income beneficiaries on the plan’s STARS ratings, we shouldn’t be terminating them. A 3- year delay will do just that: give CMS and Congress the time to address the STARS rating system and allow all seniors access to the plans they choose and that they like. 
CMS has made some poor policy deci-
sions in recent years through the regu-latory process in Medicare Advantage and part D of the prescription drug plan, and this years’s call letter and rate notice is no exception. 
The changes to the risk adjustment 
system include masking coding inten-sity adjustments, while in press re-leases CMS touts not exceeding statu-tory levels of coding intensity adjust-ments. 
In plain English, Medicare Advantage 
plans are managed care plans, and the changes in the recent regulations hand-cuff plans from properly managing some of our frailest seniors suffering from, for example, blood and kidney diseases. 
This bill requires that CMS review 
the changes made in their most recent regulatory cycle and reverse those that negatively affect risk adjustments. 
b1800 
This bill has CMS reviewing the use 
of encounter date as well. CMS has told Congress, the Government Account-ability Office, and MedPAC that the data is not ready yet to show us; yet it is being used for risk adjustment in Medicare Advantage? That doesn’t make sense. We need to see a stronger commitment by CMS to be transparent about their policies and their data in Medicare Advantage. 
The changes made this year to MA 
just don’t make sense, and I look for-ward to working with all my colleagues to reverse some of these changes and make continued improvements to the system as a whole. 
I want to thank Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mrs. B LACKBURN of Tennessee, 
Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. L OEBSACK for 
their hard work in getting this policy moving forward. 
I want to, again, reiterate my thanks 
to Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. B LUMENAUER on 
our committee for their leadership re-garding these issues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Texas for bringing up this bill and also my colleague, Mr. B
UCHANAN of Flor-
ida. 
There was some comment that CMS 
was making some mistakes that have not been transparent. It has been my understanding that they have had problems wrestling with this so-called star system themselves and have not enforced the law, that we are now say-ing that they will not enforce the law until after they study the complexities and report back to the Congress in an additional 3 years. 
In short, they have this star system 
and, as most people should recognize, that when you are dealing with old, fragile, sick, poor people, there are more complexities to performance than in ordinary programs that compete with Medicare Advantage. 
We have this population, and they 
have penalized some of the providers because they have had just more prob-lems to deal with than just medical problems, and they haven’t been able to resolve them. They haven’t enforced this provision. 
Under this bill, which Mr. B
UCHANAN  
and the other sponsors have agreed, it tells the CMS to go back and to find out a way that you can treat these re-cipients of health care in a fairer way. It also tells CMS to take into consider-ation that the problems that Medicare Advantage has still to come are far more severe and far more complex than in other areas. 
This is particularly true with our 
citizens in Puerto Rico that don’t real-ly have an option to anything except Medicare Advantage. Of course, as we all know, the economic conditions and the poverty that prevails there is ex-treme. 
I don’t have any other requests for 
time, but I do want to thank my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle for assisting to make certain that the Affordable Care program and other pro-grams like it become more effective. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), one of the thought leaders 
on health care on the Energy and Com-merce Committee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I do 
thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership and for, really, his com-mitment to working these issues through. As you have heard him say, dealing with Medicare Advantage issues are important, and it is impor-tant that we get them right. 
That is why I appreciate the fact 
that we come to the floor with these suspension bills to revisit these issues and say: Look, there are some things that just are not working as they were intended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.031 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4487 June 17, 2015 
As you have heard, there has been bi-
partisan agreement, that the stars rat-ing program needs a revisit, and CMS even agrees that the rules are not working. 
As the gentleman from New York 
said, this has a specific effect on the frail, the low-income, those bene-ficiaries that are the most frail. It also affects the dual eligibles, those that are both Medicare and Medicaid eligi-ble. 
It is appropriate that we look at this 
rating program, that we back up and pause and consider the negative impact that some of these arbitrary ratings have on these programs when it may be the only program that is available that will meet these needs. 
This is common sense. It is the right 
thing to do. I thank my colleagues that they are willing to say: CMS, it is not working; you have to come to the table with us. 
This delay, this pause, and a review 
of the system is appropriate. 
I thank everyone involved for their 
leadership, and I do express thanks to Mr. B
UCHANAN and his team for the 
way they have worked with us and the Energy and Commerce Committee on the issue. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), again, 
one of our key healthcare leaders on the Ways and Means Committee who is critical in the advancement of this leg-islation. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2582, the Sen-iors’ Health Care Plan Protection Act. 
I am pleased that this legislation in-
cludes the language of my bill, the Se-curing Care for Seniors Act; and I thank Congressman B
UCHANAN for his 
efforts to bring this important policy solution to the floor of the House today. 
Across the country, 16 million sen-
iors enjoy the flexibility of the Medi-care Advantage plan. When we make changes to this program, seniors are the ones impacted. It just makes sense that they would have a place at the table when these changes are discussed. 
Recently, CMS revised the Medicare 
Advantage risk adjustment model under the shroud of secrecy with little input from Congress and, most impor-tantly, from Medicare beneficiaries. 
Members of both parties have con-
cerns that these modifications could discourage plans to detect and care for the chronic conditions in their early stages. That is why, today, we are call-ing for a timeout on CMS’ changes. 
We are instructing the agency to re-
evaluate their risk adjustment model and to move forward with metrics that are accurate, evidence-based, and are transparent. This will ensure that sen-iors pay a fair cost for their healthcare plans, and that the MA program re-mains sustainable in the long term. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 2582. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would just like to say that this has 
been one of the most exciting recent legislative experiences I have had, where we are dealing with Americans who are not Republican and Democrat, but they are sick people; and, in this particular case, they are sick, and they are old, and they are fragile, and the government is not serving them. 
Both sides of the aisle have agreed 
that the administration has to do something to make certain that they study how we can be fair to the pro-viders and, at the same time, provide the service to those people that need it. They, themselves, agree that, for 3 years, they have not been able to find an answer. 
What we have said jointly is you find 
that answer in 3 years. Until such time, don’t you think about terminating these programs. It is with this coopera-tion that we both have a common sense of our obligation as legislators, and it has been really a legislative pleasure working with my colleagues on these suspensions this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I agree with the gentleman from New 
York that this is a bill that brings, really, a team of Republicans and Democrats together with their best ideas on how we can help improve Medicare for our seniors. 
This bill is titled ‘‘Securing Seniors’ 
Health Care Act.’’ It is aptly titled. 
I am hopeful that today is just one 
example of more common ground be-tween Republicans and Democrats, not just on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, but through the House as well. I urge strong support for passage of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2582, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to delay the authority to terminate Medi-care Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings, to make improvements to the Medicare Adjustment risk adjustment system, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PASS THE PROTECT MEDICAL 
INNOVATION ACT 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to urge this body to pass the Protect Medical Innovation Act, which will repeal the 2.3 percent medical device excise tax. 
This harmful tax, mandated by 
ObamaCare, stifles innovation, sends jobs abroad, hurts consumers, and 
places a heavy burden on small busi-nesses in my State and across the country. 
More than 35,000 Minnesotans are em-
ployed in the medical device industry, and thousands of Minnesotans depend on these state-of-the-art devices to en-hance or even save their lives. 
This bill has been stalled for long 
enough. It is imperative that Congress pass this legislation now to encourage the development of these innovative technologies, rather than enact laws that discourage their creation and ac-cessibility. 
I am grateful for the tremendous 
work by my Minnesota colleague, E
RIK 
PAULSEN . Representative P AULSEN has 
done much to ensure the medical de-vice industry in Minnesota continues to thrive for many years to come with this legislation. 
Again, I ask my colleagues to sup-
port the Protect Medical Innovation Act and pass it immediately. 
f 
REPEAL THE MEDICAL DEVICE 
TAX 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 
there is no doubt that the medical de-vice tax that is found within the Presi-dent’s Affordable Care Act sends Amer-ican jobs overseas, hurts American jobs here in the United States, raises healthcare costs for all Americans, and stifles innovation. 
While I have supported the House’s 
action to repeal this onerous tax and support innovation, it is important that I highlight an important issue to my constituents back home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, because it is tied into this whole debate. That issue is medical device safety, and it is pa-tient safety. 
Many who serve in this Chamber may 
have seen the headlines over the past several months regarding a medical de-vice known as a power morcellator and, specifically, the devastating damage it has caused to women’s health by spreading unsuspected cancer through-out their body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.084 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4488 June 17, 2015 
These devices are gynecological tools 
used to remove uterine fibroids and have been on the market for over two decades, but only recently, we have learned that the use of these devices increases the risk of spreading unsuspected cancers in women to as high as 1 in 350 cases. 
That finding prompted the FDA to 
issue a black box warning on the de-vices last fall. Several major insurance companies have stopped covering the procedure, and some medical device manufacturers have pulled them from the shelves—all appropriate steps to be taken when it becomes clear that a previously approved device has poten-tial to harm instead of help. 
As a lawmaker, I must ask: How is it 
that we have gotten to this point? What are the FDA and the medical de-vice industry’s protocols? 
That is why, on February 19 of this 
year, I sent a letter to the FDA asking pointed questions about the current streamlined regulatory process that the power morcellator went through, known as 510(k). 
I asked about FDA’s reporting proc-
ess for dangerous devices and their postmarket surveillance techniques. I asked for detailed explanations on why the power morcellator remains on the market, despite the high risks that have now been revealed. 
To date, nearly 4 months from the 
date that this letter was hand-deliv-ered to the FDA, I have not received a written reply. I will insert my letter to the FDA into the R
ECORD . 
These are important questions, the 
answers to which will inform any next steps that we need to take. 
b1815 
My constituents want answers. I 
want answers. And I think this Cham-ber needs answers so that we can prop-erly begin to address these gaps in our device safety regulations that allowed the morcellator to slip through the cracks for so long. 
Ensuring the safety of our constitu-
ents is paramount to each Member of this body, and that is what I seek when it comes to this issue. I am hoping the FDA will partner with me. I am hoping that every Member of this body will partner with me. 
Industry and government need to 
work together to develop a robust, modernized postmarket device surveil-lance program that allows us to catch issues like the power morcellator fast-er and encourages responsive reporting protocols so if a doctor finds an issue with a device, the manufacturer and the FDA are promptly notified and pro-vided accurate data to take the next appropriate steps. 
But, unfortunately, it is becoming 
clear that the reporting system for faulty and deadly devices is broken. A recent Wall Street Journal story high-lighted how, in 2006, a doctor from cen-tral Pennsylvania started to raise the alarm and asked questions about power morcellators. He was seeing an alarm-ing number of cancerous tissues arriv-
ing at his lab that were coming in from morcellation surgeries. He estimated the occurrence at somewhere in the range of 1 in 300. 
It took the FDA and industry nearly 
a decade to come to that same conclu-sion. Within that decade, an unknown number of women were harmed and de-ceased because their cancers went from localized and treatable to stage four and metastasized within days of being spread by the blades of this device. 
What happened with the power 
morcellator should never be allowed to happen again. We need to ensure that risks are adequately assessed before de-vices hit the market. We need to mon-itor the devices once they are on the market. And we need to have efficient and effective reporting procedures in place. And those within industry and the FDA need to be held accountable if it is found that they are turning a blind eye to these issues. 
I hope that my colleagues will join 
me in ensuring that patients and safety always come first. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 19, 2015. 
Commissioner M ARGARET A. H AMBURG , 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Silver Spring, MD. 
D
EAR COMMISSIONER HAMBURG , I write to 
seek clarification of your agency’s regula-tion of medical devices. I am specifically looking to obtain answers about the 510(k) process, and hoping to gather information about whether the FDA has plans to alter this process in light of recommendations from the Institute of Medicine (IOM) 
It is my understanding that the 510(k) 
clearance process for medical devices was es-tablished through the Medical Devices Amendments (MDA) passed by Congress in 1976. The process was created as a by-product of the three-tiered medical device regulatory framework created by the MDA to balance competing considerations of ensuring prod-uct safety and fostering further innovation. 
After 1976, medical devices were organized 
into three classes. 
Class I—devices for which general controls 
such as misbranding and adulteration prohi-bitions and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) suffice to reasonably assure safety and effectiveness. 
Class II—devices that require both general 
controls and product performance to reason-ably assure the same. 
Class III—devices for which only a pre-
market approval (PMA) process similar to new drug approval can ensure safety and ef-fectiveness. 
Section 510(k) was created as part of the 
MDA’s attempt to address medical devices that were on the market prior to its enact-ment and new medical devices introduced later consistently within this framework. Since its creation, the 510(k) process has come to dominate the path to market for virtually all Class I, Class II, and some Class III medical devices despite the fact that con-sumer protection is severely lacking. To re-inforce this statement, it has been reported that between 1976 and 1990, more than 98 per-cent of FDA-regulated medical devices were cleared through the 510(k) premarket notifi-cation, and in the year 2005, almost 99 per-cent of devices were cleared through the 510(k) process. 
In 2011, the FDA sought to address this 
process, and turned to the Institute of Medi-cine (IOM) to review the 510(k) process and 
answer two questions: 
1. Does the current 510(k) process protect 
patients optimally and promote innovation in support of public health? 
2. If not, what legislative, regulatory, or 
administrative changes are recommended to achieve the goals of the 510(k) process opti-mally? 
IOM found that the current 510(k) process 
is flawed based on its legislative foundation. Rather than continuing to modify the thir-ty-five year old 510(k) process, the IOM con-cluded that the FDA’s finite resources would be better invested in developing an inte-grated pre-market and post-market regu-latory framework that provides a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness throughout the device life cycle. The IOM outlined its criteria for the framework in a comprehensive report they provided to your agency that same year. 
Following the release of IOM’s rec-
ommendation, the US Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor & Pensions (HELP) held a full committee hearing entitled ‘‘Med-ical Devices: Protecting Patients and Pro-moting Innovation’’ on November 15, 2011. During this hearing, Jeffrey Shuren, the Di-rector of the Center for Device and Radio-logical Health (CDRH) within the FDA, pro-vided testimony to Committee Members about CDRH’s premarket review process and the center’s plan to improve the predict-ability, consistency, and transparency of their regulatory processes. When asked about 510(k) Mr. Shuren stated that getting rid of this clearance process as IOM sug-gested would be highly disruptive to both the FDA and medical device manufacturers, but assured the Committee that the FDA would focus on trying to improve the process along with the safety of medical devices. 
Nearly four years has passed since this 
hearing and to my knowledge, the 510(k) process remains the same. I respectfully re-quest that you answer the following ques-tions regarding this process: 
1. Does the 510(k) mechanism ensure pa-
tient safety in the medical device arena by requiring premarket safety testing? 
2. Does the 510(k) mechanism have a spe-
cific mechanism for surveillance of adverse outcomes? What are the legislative barriers to FDA surveillance of adverse outcomes in the medical device space? 
3. The majority of medical devices in the 
United States are cleared via the 510(k) proc-ess. This process operates based on a ‘‘predi-cate’’ system. What is the process through which FDA makes the determination that a device is an appropriate predicate? 
4. Type 2 devices are reviewed via the 
510(k) mechanism. Who assigns a device as being a type 2 device? Is this determination reviewed by any expert committees, and how? If not, why not? Are there specific ex-amples where the Type 2 status was as-signed, but was then later changed or should have been changed? 
5. As previously mentioned, A committee 
of The Institute of Medicine concluded and subsequently testified to the senate HELP committee, in 2011, that the 510(k) legisla-tion cannot ensure patient safety and must be overhauled. What specific steps did the FDA take to mitigate the patient safety def-icit in response to this analysis? 
6. The Institute of Medicine report of 2011 
also expressed significant concern to FDA and congress regarding the lack of pre-mar-ket safety testing requirements and absence of any post-market adverse outcomes sur-veillance mechanisms in 510(k). What are the barriers at FDA for implementation of such safety standards in the medical device space? 
7. What specific guidelines does the FDA 
currently use to determine if a device is eli-gible for a 510(k) application? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN7.087 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4489 June 17, 2015 
8. Does the FDA currently permit persist-
ence of devices approved via 510(k), whose predicate device has been found to be faulty? 
The FDA’s primary focus should be to en-
sure patient safety. Please consider the fol-lowing questions regarding the reporting process and post-market surveillance tech-niques for harmful medical devices: 
9. Does FDA have a legal and prosecutable 
‘‘positive mandate to self-report adverse out-comes in the medical device space’’ for indi-vidual practitioners? If so have there been any prosecutions for failure to report? 
10. Does FDA have a legal and prosecutable 
‘‘positive mandate to self-report adverse out-comes in the medical device space’’ for hos-pitals? If so have there been any prosecu-tions for failure to report? 
11. Does FDA have a legal and prosecutable 
‘‘positive mandate to self-report adverse out-comes in the medical device space’’ for de-vice manufacturers? If so have there been any prosecutions for failure to report? 
12. The FDA has a database that could be 
used to report adverse outcomes in the med-ical device space, known as MAUDE. Public concerns have been raised that this database is a ‘‘dead mail-box’’ with inefficient to inef-fective monitoring. How is the MAUDE data-base monitored? And how are safety con-cerns registered in MAUDE addressed by FDA? 
13. Is there a role for implementation of 
new legislation to require a window of post- market surveillance of adverse outcomes re-lated to the use of new devices? And can the FDA under its current authority mandate post-market surveillance of adverse out-comes related to the use of new devices? 
14. Can the FDA, under its current legal 
authority, mandate a positive duty for prac-titioners, organizations that provide health care services, and manufacturers to report adverse outcomes to the FDA? And is there a role for new legislation focused on more strongly and clearly mandating a ‘‘positive requirement to self-report adverse out-comes’’ to FDA by practitioners, hospitals and manufacturers? 
15. Please explain the asymmetry between 
the safety and reporting requirements im-posed on the medical device, versus drug in-dustries, by FDA? 
The Center for Devices and Radiological 
Health (CDRH) is the branch of the FDA re-sponsible for the premarket approval of all medical devices, as well as overseeing the manufacturing, performance and safety of these devices. Please respond to the fol-lowing questions regarding the CDRH: 
16. How many people are employed at the 
CDRH and in what capacities? How effective is this staff at protecting patient safety and 
is the first and foremost priority of this group’s agenda to protect and promote pa-tient safety? What consumer/patient protec-tion mechanisms have been established by the CDRH to promote patient safety and how is the efficacy of these mechanisms evalu-ated? 
17. Does the CDRH consider the medical de-
vice industry as equal stake-holder to pa-tients and consumers in the United States? 
Lastly, as you are likely aware, many safe-
ty concerns have been raised in conjunction with the use of power morcellators in rou-tine surgeries. Please consider the following questions regarding that specific device. 
18. Recently, FDA placed a black box warn-
ing on a device known as a power morcellator. FDA recognized and reported to the public that as many as one in 350 unsuspecting American women undergoing morcellation will be at risk of having their occult uterine cancers upstaged with dev-astating consequences. Johnson & Johnson, the largest manufacturer of the power morcellator subsequently voluntarily re-called its product from the worldwide mar-ket. Other manufacturers, such as the ger-man company KARL STORZ, have elected not to recall the product and many gyne-cologists continue to believe the risk to be minimal. 
a. Given the avoidable nature of this po-
tentially deadly hazard and unwillingness of industry advocates and many gynecologists to abandon this practice, why did FDA elect not to ban this device from market? 
b. Was there any role for the FDA commis-
sioner’s office to exercise its authority under Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulation, Section 895? And why was this option not ex-ercised? 
19. The FDA’s analysis demonstrated that 
up to one in 350 unsuspecting American women undergoing morcellation were put in deadly harm’s way using FDA authorized power morcellators. The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology subsequently demonstrated that the incidence may be as 
high as one in 156. It, therefore, appears that morcellation and Power morcellators may have caused the unnecessary or premature deaths of many hundreds (if not thousands) of American women for over 2 decades. It now appears that the manufacturers of power morcellators and many gynecological specialty organizations had full knowledge of this hazard. However, no one appears to have reported this potentially deadly hazard back to FDA, a complication associated with the use of this device until December 2013–20 years after the device was introduced to market using 510(k) clearance. a. Can you confirm that this is, in fact, the 
case? The reporting of adverse outcomes as-sociated with the use of medical devices is a requirement set forth in the Code of Federal Regulation, Title 21, Section 803. This re-quirement was not followed by the manufac-turers, practitioners, hospitals, or specialty organizations. 
b. Is there any role for the FDA, the HHS 
Office of Inspector General or the United States Congress to inquire and hold FDA, the device manufacturers or the gyneco-logical specialty organizations accountable for the loss of life in the United States? 
Thank you in advance for you diligent and 
timely reply. 
Sincerely, 
M
IKEFITZPATRICK , 
Member of Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS OF THE FISCAL  
YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, June 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, Office of the Speaker, U.S. Capitol, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
hereby submit for printing in the Congres-sional Record revisions to the budget alloca-tions of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 4503 of such concurrent resolution—a Deficit Neutral Reserve Fund Related to the Medicare Provisions of the President’s Health Care Law. These revisions are designated for H.R. 1190, the Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015, as amended pursuant to H. Res. 319. A cor-responding table is attached. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations are to be considered as the allocations included in the budget reso-lution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as ad-justed. Pursuant to section 3403 of such reso-lution, the revision to the allocations shall apply only while H.R. 1190, as amended pur-suant to H. Res. 319, is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Ways and Means 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 962,805 962,080 13,224,0 77 13,222,960 
Adjustment for H.R. 1190, Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015 ................................................... ............................................................... 0 0 7,100 7,100 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 962,805 962,080 13,231,1 77 13,230,060 
Energy & Commerce 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 389,635 392,001 4,341,99 1 4,346,043 
Adjustment for H.R. 1190, Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015 ................................................... ............................................................... 0 0 ¥8,845 ¥7,145 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 389,635 392,001 4,333,14 6 4,338,898 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 18, 2015, at 9 a.m. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1852. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s affirmation of interim rule as final 
rule — Marketing Order Regulating the Han-dling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Native) Spearmint Oil for the 2014-2015 Marketing Year [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-13-0087; FV14-985-1B 
FIR] received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.036 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4490 June 17, 2015 
1853. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Tart Cherries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Free and Re-stricted Percentages for the 2014-15 Crop Year for Tart Cherries [Doc. No.: AMS-FV- 14-0077; FV14-930-2 FR] received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
1854. A letter from the Finance and Loan 
Analyst, Rural Development, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Reserve Account (RIN: 0575- AC99) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
1855. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado; Re-laxation of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 3 [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0092; FV15-948-1 FIR] received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
1856. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2013 Annual Progress Report to Con-gress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-tation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory Program, pursuant to the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-129), as amended; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1857. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2012 Annual Progress Report on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Pro-gram and National Cord Blood Inventory Program, pursuant to the Stem Cell Thera-peutic and Research Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109- 129), as amended; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1858. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Person to the Entity List [Docket No.: 150304211-5211-01] (RIN: 0694-AG55) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1859. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of proposed issuance of an export license, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-047; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1860. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1861. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program; Rate Setting for Commu-nity-Rated Plans (RIN: 3206-AN00) received June 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1862. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of Veterans Affairs, and Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and Department of Defense Joint Executive Committee FY 2014 Annual Report, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8111; jointly to 
the Committees on Armed Services and Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1626. A bill to reduce duplication of information technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–162). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1633. A bill to provide for certain improvements relating to the tracking and reporting of employees of the Department of Homeland Security placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–163). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 2200. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish chem-ical, biological, radiological, and nuclear in-telligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information ana-lyzed by the Department to entities with re-sponsibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–164). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 2206. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require recipi-ents of State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency communications capabilities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–165). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1640. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolida-tion project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–166). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 321. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–167). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, and Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 2798. A bill to modify provisions of 
law relating to refugee resettlement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mrs. 
B
EATTY , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 2799. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to expand access to stroke telehealth services under the Medi-care program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. 
N
OEM, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 2800. A bill to amend the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 to provide protections against pregnancy discrimination in the workplace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARLETTA , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 2801. A bill to prohibit the Adminis-
trator of General Services from leasing space for certain purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J ORDAN , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C HAFFETZ , 
Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. B RAT, Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Utah, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , and Mr. S TEWART ): 
H.R. 2802. A bill to prevent discriminatory 
treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 2803. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure State control over academic standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
T
SONGAS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17JN7.000 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4491 June 17, 2015 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H ONDA , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 2804. A bill to establish an integrated 
national approach to respond to ongoing and expected effects of extreme weather and cli-mate change by protecting, managing, and conserving the fish, wildlife, and plants of 
the United States, and to maximize Govern-ment efficiency and reduce costs, in coopera-tion with State, local, and tribal govern-ments and other entities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , and Mr. M ESSER ): 
H.R. 2805. A bill to address prescription 
opioid abuse and heroin use; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-
self, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California): 
H.R. 2806. A bill to ensure prompt access to 
Supplemental Security Income, Social Secu-rity disability, and Medicaid benefits for per-sons released from certain public institu-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 2807. A bill to create a centralized 
website on reports issued by the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. F
OS-
TER, and Mr. S MITH of Washington): 
H.R. 2808. A bill to prohibit U.S. Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement from negoti-ating contracts with private detention com-panies that require a minimum number of immigration detention beds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI, and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 2809. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to prohibit sew-age dumping into the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. 
C
OOPER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S CHRADER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. 
COOK): 
H.R. 2810. A bill to provide for a review of 
efforts to reduce Federal agency travel ex-penses through the use of video conferencing and a plan to achieve additional reductions in such expenses through the use of video conferencing, to implement such plan through rescissions of appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropria-tions, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within 
the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
C
OLE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
BECERRA , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. 
MOORE ): 
H.R. 2811. A bill to repeal section 3003 of 
the the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. I SSA, 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R OUZER , 
and Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 2812. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for premiums for insurance which constitutes medical care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. R
AN-
GEL, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. B ORDALLO ): 
H.R. 2813. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development to establish a grant pilot program to provide housing to el-derly homeless veterans; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 2814. A bill to name the Department of 
Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. R OKITA , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 2815. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to complete a data analysis study on the impacts of all income- or employ-ment-based outcome measures of quality in higher education before issuing or imple-menting regulations utilizing such metrics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 2816. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to convey certain land in Blaine County, Idaho, to the city of Ketchum, Idaho to be used to support recreation, edu-cational, and public purposes, including river restoration, floodplain management, and municipal water storage, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. K ATKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. C LY-
BURN ): 
H.R. 2817. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the authorization of appropriations for the Historic Preservation Fund; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-
self, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ON-YERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H. Res. 322. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of providing services to children of incarcerated parents; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS: 
H. Res. 323. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Government of Mexico should forthwith repatriate the remains of those American Soldiers who fought in the battle of Monterrey in 1846; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas (for herself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C AR-
SON of Indiana, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
CLAY, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
PLASKETT , and Mr. R USH): 
H. Res. 324. A resolution recognizing the 
commencement of Ramadan, the Muslim holy month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and commending Muslims in the United States and throughout the world for their faith; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D ENHAM , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H. Res. 325. A resolution recognizing the 
month of June as ‘‘Immigrant Heritage Month,’’ a celebration of the accomplish-ments and contributions immigrants and their children have made in shaping the his-tory, strengthening the economy, and en-riching the culture of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17JN7.100 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4492 June 17, 2015 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 2798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States, which states: 
The Congress shall have the power to make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 2799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 2800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states. 
The purpose of the bill is to amend the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 to provide protec-tions against pregnancy discrimination in the workplace, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 2801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LABRADOR: 
H.R. 2802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation has been written pursuant 
to protections guaranteed by the First Amendment, which states, ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech.’’ 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ as outlined in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution states, Congress shall have power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof’’. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 2803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 2805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8 of the 
Constittuion of the United States 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 2806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Clause 1 of section 8 of , Article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 2807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1 and 3 of Section 8 of Article I of 
the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 2809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 2810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 2812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 2814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The United States Constitution Article I, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 2816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and 
clause 18 (relating to the power to make all 
laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all need-ful rules and regulations respecting the ter-ritory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 2817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8; and Article IV, Section 
3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States of America 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. 
ASHFORD . 
H.R. 167: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P IERLUISI , 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 170: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 213: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 333: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 358: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. P LASKETT , and 
Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 540: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 546: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 600: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 605: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 624: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 662: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 663: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
H.R. 680: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 684: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 692: Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 699: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 707: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 712: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 746: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 766: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 767: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 774: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 828: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 829: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 920: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 963: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 970: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. 
GIBSON . 
H.R. 986: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 999: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 1151: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1247: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1321: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. D OLD, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.021 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4493 June 17, 2015 
H.R. 1375: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. K APTUR , and 
Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
LYNCH . 
H.R. 1457: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
ROSS, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
GIBBS, and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1531: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1533: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ENT, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1608: Ms. M OORE , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. H UDSON , Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. 
HECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1655: Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1728: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1742: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
BOUSTANY . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1781: Mrs. T ORRES and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C AR-
NEY, and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1834: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 1848: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1900: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1910: Ms. M OORE and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 1920: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1953: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mr. 
MCCAUL. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1977: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1982: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
ZINKE. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 2019: Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 2043: Mr. T ONKO and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2083: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 2096: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 2102: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2123: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2128: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN and Mrs. 
BLACK . 
H.R. 2141: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2147: Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. K USTER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CLEAVER , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2148: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina and 
Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 2216: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2217: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2230: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2259: Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 2260: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2303: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Ms. 
ESHOO . 
H.R. 2358: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2362: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2407: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 2429: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2431: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2450: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2457: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 2500: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2516: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2523: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2560: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 2567: Mr. K LINE, Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2576: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2582: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 2609: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mrs. 
BLACKBURN . 
H.R. 2616: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. F LO-
RES. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2654: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
EDWARDS , and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2662: Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2669: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 2675: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California 
and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2692: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2694: Mr. B UTTERFIELD and Mrs. D AVIS 
of California. 
H.R. 2697: Mr. C OHEN , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2710: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 2742: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 2747: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2750: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2770: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R OSS, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2788: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. T AKAI. 
H. J. Res. 32: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Con. Res. 53: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Con. Res. 55: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. 
HAHN. 
H. Res. 34: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mrs. 
BUSTOS . 
H. Res. 139: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 207: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
NORCROSS . 
H. Res. 220: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. K LINE, Mr. H ENSARLING , Ms. 
PINGREE , and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H. Res. 291: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. 
Radewagen, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, and Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 310: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
MEADOWS , and Mr. S IRES. 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2588: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN7.015 H17JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4213 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 2015 No. 97 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Lord of our lives, whose commands 
we cherish and in whose service we find joy, thank You for the gift of this day. Inspire our lawmakers to fill the wait-ing hours with labor that will open doors of new possibilities for our Na-tion and world. Lord, stir their hearts to seize today’s opportunities to do Your will on Earth, repairing yester-day’s wrongs and grasping tomorrow’s promises. Enlighten their hearts with the knowledge of Your love, as they strive to make this world a better place. Use them to provide cheer to sad hearts, faith to doubting hearts, and courage to fearful hearts. 
We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION AND 
APPROPRIATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it 
was heartening to see so many Demo-crats joining us yesterday in advancing a good Defense authorization bill by a very large bipartisan margin. It now puts the Senate on the path to bring the bill to final passage tomorrow. 
Once that happens, the Senate will have taken a significant step by doing right for the men and women who risk everything to protect us. It is certainly good news, but it is not the end of the story either, because while the Defense authorization bill makes promises to our troops, it is the Defense appropria-tions bill that actually fulfills those promises. 
That is the bill we will consider next. 
I would expect everyone who votes for the Defense authorization bill would also want to support moving to Defense appropriations because I am sure every Democratic colleague who just voted to make promises to our troops will want to help us actually fulfill those prom-ises by voting for the Defense appro-priations bill as well. 
They might look to the example 
Democrats just set in the House of Representatives last week. House Democrats appear to understand just how cynical it would have been to make promises and then not fund them, which is why we saw dozens join Republicans to pass Defense appropria-tions. House Democrats must have 
known their constituents wouldn’t fall for an ‘‘I was for the troops before I was against them’’ argument. House Democrats also must have seen how heartless it would have been to deny funding for America’s heroes as part of some ridiculous filibuster summer plan to extract more cash for giant bureauc-racies such as the IRS. 
I have to think Senate Democrats 
would see things the same way. Judg-ing by what we just saw last week in the Senate Appropriations Committee, there is no reason to think otherwise. Democrats and Republicans came to-gether in the Appropriations Com-mittee to pass the Defense appropria-tions bill we are about to consider by a huge margin of 27 to 3. Not only did every single Democrat support this bill in committee, but Democrats had some pretty supportive things to say about it too. One Democratic friend called the ap-
propriations bill ‘‘a key investment in our national security’’ that funds ‘‘a number of Hawaii’s defense needs.’’ An-other Democrat noted it would fund a program that is one of her ‘‘top prior-ities.’’ Here is what another Democrat said of the bill: ‘‘It will directly protect and grow Connecticut’s defense manu-facturing industry and the hundreds of thousands of jobs it supports across our State.’’ He went on to say it will ‘‘im-plement a well-deserved pay raise for our troops who put their lives on the line each and every day.’’ He concluded by saying it is a ‘‘victory for Con-necticut.’’ 
A victory for Connecticut—now there 
is a rousing endorsement of the bill we will vote on tomorrow. It is no wonder each of these Democratic colleagues voted to endorse the appropriations bill. It is good news for our troops and their families. It is good news for our country. These Democratic friends must not want to see a ‘‘victory for Connecticut’’ squashed or one of their ‘‘top priorities’’ sacrificed for the sake of some ploy to funnel a few more dol-lars to Washington’s big bureaucracies. 
They must think this filibuster sum-
mer idea their party leaders hatched isn’t good for America’s national secu-rity or for job security in their own States. They must know you can’t take credit for promises made in a defense authorization bill if you then vote against the appropriations bill that would fund them. 
I hope Senators in both parties would 
join together once more to bring the Defense authorization bill over the goal line tomorrow and then begin de-bate on the inseparable appropriations bill too. 
If Senators want to amend that ap-
propriations bill or strike a rider, then they should vote with us to get on the legislation so we can consider these amendments or those motions to strike. If Senators want to try to in-crease or reduce the level of funding in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.000 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4214 June 17, 2015 
that bill, the only way they will have a 
chance to try doing that is if they vote with us to get on the bill in the first place. 
So bring us your ideas. Bring them 
on out. Let’s debate them. Whether you have a proposal to boost the heli-copter industry in Connecticut or a plan to repair naval vessels, amphib-ious and surface ships in places such as California, Washington, Hawaii, and Virginia, the only way to ensure ideas like these are considered is by voting to open debate on the appropriations bill, and the only way to ensure they will not be heard at all—at all—is by voting to filibuster. That wouldn’t be good for anyone. 
So let’s not kill the opportunity to 
even have those debates because here is what we know: The young men and women of our volunteer force don’t need a summer packed full of Demo-cratic filibusters, and they certainly don’t need a Democratic shutdown sur-prise in the fall. All they ask for are the weapons, the training, and the skills they need to prevail on the bat-tlefield. We can give it to them. We are almost there. 
Democrats already joined Repub-
licans to make a promise to the troops, and with just a little more good bipar-tisan work we will see Democrats join with Republicans to fulfill those prom-ises. I have to think they will because failing to do so would mean making empty promises to both constituents and our troops. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION AND 
SEQUESTRATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the Republican leader throws the word ‘‘filibuster’’ around. He has a right to do that because he is an expert. He has led in this Senate more filibusters than all previous leaders put together. As the Republican leader, he has engi-neered about 300 filibusters, stopping basically everything—certainly slow-ing down everything on the President’s agenda. It was a plan he was a part of and he certainly lived up to that. 
The 46 Democrats over here are just 
as patriotic as the 54 Republicans over there. We care about the troops just as much as the Republicans over there, 
but we also believe that when my friend the Republican leader throws around terms such as ‘‘vast bureauc-racy,’’ that we want to fund a vast bu-reaucracy, I don’t think we should start talking about bureaucracies. The Pentagon is a pretty good bureaucracy in itself. I admire very much the Sec-retary of Defense. He does the best job he can. Our Secretary of Defense does not agree with the Republicans as to how the troops should be funded. 
My friend the Republican leader 
knows the legislation before this body is going to be vetoed by the President. 
He said so. He put it in writing. The President said that on appropriations bills, if they are at the level of seques-tration, he will veto those also. So this little magic game I mentioned yester-day that the Republican leader has en-gineered, saying we are going to take care of defense, and with the vast bu-reaucracy, we don’t care what happens to them—well, in this ‘‘vast bureauc-racy’’ are things such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Homeland Security Secretariat, which is impor-tant for protecting our homeland, mak-ing sure airports are safe, making sure our borders are protected. That is the vast bureaucracy he is talking about. 
So we Democrats want to make sure 
there is equality. We believe in funding defense, and we are going to do every-thing we can. There has been no better example of that than the ranking mem-ber of the subcommittee dealing with defense, the senior Senator from Illi-nois. Senator D
URBIN has worked so 
hard to be fair—fair to Democrats and fair to Republicans—and I am con-fident he will continue to do that. 
I am also confident he cares about 
the other agencies we are so concerned about, not only the few I have men-tioned. To have a secure nation takes more than bombs and bullets. Having a secure nation is also making sure we have a good education system, a good transportation system, a good program to maintain research for health. 
The most famous organization in the 
history of the world for investigating disease is the National Institutes of Health. We know what sequestration did to them once, and they are about to do it again, if this little magic game the Republican leader is engineering goes on. It will be cut like everybody else. It is not defense. 
The one fact Senator M
CCONNELL  
fails to mention is the fact that it is all borrowed money—$100 billion, approxi-mately—to get what he wants done in the Defense bill. It is borrowed money in the so-called overseas contingency fund. 
We are going to do what we think is 
appropriate for the country. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
INTERSTATE HIGHWAY SYSTEM 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, this month 
we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the creation of the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System. The Inter-state Highway System was one of the signature accomplishments of the en-tire 20th century. If there was ever a list of the seven wonders of the United States, our Nation’s highway system would be on that list. 
Consider the sheer size and com-
plexity of our transportation system. The Interstate Highway System en-compasses 50,000 miles of highways, bridges, and tunnels, and that doesn’t count the railways. It connects East and West, North and South. A person can drive from Boston directly to Se-attle, 3,020 miles, or from Laredo, TX, 
to Duluth, MN, 1,831 miles, all on the Interstate Highway System. The Fed-eral Interstate Highway System serves all 50 States and the District of Colum-bia. 
The Interstate Highway System is a 
central nervous system of our Nation’s economy, creating vital corridors for goods and services for American com-merce. In every community in our Na-tion, from our largest cities and our large metropolitan areas to the small rural communities that have just a few people—and I mean a few people—our interstate highways bear the name of Republican President Dwight D. Eisen-hower, whose vision of a connected America resulted in the Federal High-way Act of 1956. 
How did this good man, Dwight Ei-
senhower, come up with this idea? Well, he was ordered, as a young officer in the Army, to bring a military con-tingent across the United States dur-ing World War I. It was awful. He never forgot that. There was no Federal high-way system. There were barely high-ways. There were barely roads. 
With his experience as Allied com-
mander of troops in World War II, he came back from that recognizing how important moving goods and services for the military around Europe was, and how he had tried that in the United States and it did not work. But he was going to change that. That is what he did. President Eisenhower, a Repub-lican, understood that the interstate highway complex was an investment worth making. He realized the money spent on roads and bridges creates jobs—lots of jobs. President Eisen-hower, with all of his military experi-ence and background, understood that an interstate system was important to our national security. 
My friend talks about the security of 
our troops. Of course they are impor-tant. We so admire these men and women who protect us. But to have a safe and secure Nation, we also have to have things such as a good highway system. 
My friend the Republican leader fails 
to mention that. It is part of our na-tional security needs, as evidenced by Dwight Eisenhower. I wonder what President Eisenhower would think of today’s Republican Party and its lack of concern for the Interstate Highway System. I believe he would be greatly disappointed. Just a few weeks from now, as the month of July comes to a close, funding for the Federal highway program will be gone. It will expire. But you would not know that congres-sional Republicans are watching the same movie the American people are watching. Republicans in Congress have refused to work with us in mak-ing an adequate, long-term investment in our country’s surface transportation system. 
Instead, the Republicans see the Fed-
eral highway program and trust fund as some sort of a hot potato. Stay away from it. It should never be dealt with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.001 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4215 June 17, 2015 
and only be kicked down the road, 
leaving millions of jobs behind. Even with the looming deadline, Republicans are showing no haste in forming a plan to address our Nation’s crumbling roads, railroads, bridges, and transit systems. 
We have one of the most unique 
makeups in one of our committees that this body has ever seen. We have one of the most liberal Members of the Sen-ate, B
ARBARA BOXER , and her counter-
part is one of the most conservative Members of this body, J
IMINHOFE from 
Oklahoma. They know the importance. These two divergent political spec-trums know that we have to do some-thing about the highway system. They are going to put out a bill. They are going to authorize it. Then we need to figure out a way to fund that. 
Republicans don’t seem interested in 
that. Even with its looming deadline, Republicans are showing no haste in forming a plan or to develop one for this system that we have to do some-thing about. Congressional Republicans see no urgency to schedule hearings, to mark up a bill, to take testimony in other ways or to make the highway trust fund solvent. With every day that passes, our Federal highway trust fund inches closer and closer to insolvency. 
It is clear we will need to get to that 
reauthorization of the highway pro-gram either this week or next week. But we won’t. Look at the schedule. It means we are left with July. Looking at the Senate calendar for July, assum-ing that the Republican leader will continue to keep the Senate out of ses-sion on Fridays, we will have, in re-ality, 15 days to reauthorize the Fed-eral highway system—15 days. Fifteen session days is precious little time, es-pecially when Republicans don’t feel any urgency to solve this problem. Of course, we all know how this is going to play out. This is straight out of the Republican’s playbook—the manufac-tured crisis playbook. 
They have written the book, and they 
are adding chapters to it every week of this Congress. Republicans will drag their feet until the very last minute, refusing to work with us on a long- term solution to our Nation’s infra-structure woes. Then, when the dead-line is imminent, the Republican lead-er will offer yet another short-term ex-tension to stave off another disaster of his own making. 
This is and should be unacceptable to 
everyone here. We already have had 33 Republican short-term fixes. We do not need a 34th. But that is where we are headed. That is too bad. What we do need is a Republican Party that sees the value of a robust, long-term invest-ment in our Nation’s highways. We need a Republican Party that sees what President Eisenhower saw 50 years ago—half a century—that invest-ing in our infrastructure is a shot in the arm to our economy. 
There are hundreds of thousands of 
shovel-ready jobs just waiting for Con-gress to act. On the other hand, failing to meet our country’s infrastructure 
needs will be catastrophic. The Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers predicts that our economy would lose $1 trillion unless we invest in surface transpor-tation—$1 trillion. Let’s not forget the safety implications of sitting on our hands. Half of our roads are in poor condition. Tens of thousands of bridges across the country are structurally de-ficient. Railroads are without impor-tant, lifesaving braking systems. They need to be refurbished and some parts of them reinvented. Doing nothing is not and should not be an option. 
The Republican leader should change 
course and abandon his policy of gov-erning by crisis. We can get started on a long-term, bipartisan reauthorization of the Federal highway program today. All we need is for Republican Members of Congress and their leaders to focus on American jobs and the traveling American public’s safety. They have not done that. This is too bad. 
Mr. President, there are a number of 
Senators on the floor. 
Will the Chair announce the business 
of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein, with the time equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the final half. 
The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
MICHIGAN PRODUCTIVITY AND 
INNOVATION 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I am 
truly blessed to represent the people of Michigan in the Senate. My State was carved out in one era by the ice age and again 200 years ago by the Con-gress. It is comprised of more than just two beautiful peninsulas bordered by four Great Lakes. 
Since our Nation’s founding, Michi-
gan has been at the frontier of Amer-ica, helping to build a stronger and more secure country. The Northwest Ordinance, affirmed by the very first Congress, created the midwestern re-gion from which the Michigan Terri-tory would be born. In the 19th cen-tury, pioneers moved to what was then the western frontier to settle in Michi-gan and its neighboring States. 
The Peters family was among them. 
My family made the long journey from New York and settled in Rochester, MI, in the early 1840s. They were among the earliest pioneers to settle in my State. From that time on, generations of Michiganders pioneered a State de-voted to great public education. While 
the Northwest Ordinance made pri-mary education a priority and stated that ‘‘schools and the means of edu-cation shall forever be encouraged’’ in the new territory, higher education also had a place that made our State great very early. Twenty years before the founding of the State of Michigan, 
the University of Michigan was found-ed, one of the first public universities in the country. Later, Michigan State University would become one of the pioneer land grant universities. While the two schools may be rivals on the gridiron, they have long complimented each other to the benefit of our State. 
Today, Michigan is home to 93 uni-
versities, colleges, and community col-leges. Michigan grew rapidly as mi-grants from across the country and im-migrants from around the world were drawn to our supplies of timber, ore, arable land, and abundant fresh water. As a new century dawned across Amer-ica, Michigan continued to grow with the advent of industrialization and mass manufacturing, from mining and forestry at the western tip of the Upper Peninsula to the booming auto fac-tories of Detroit. Michigan embodied the growing optimism, opportunity, and prosperity that would be America’s crowning achievement in the 20th cen-tury. 
Michigan factories would turn into 
the great arsenal of democracy, build-ing the armadas that would defeat tyr-anny, win the Second World War, and, in the process, create America’s middle class. During World War II, my father, Herb Peters, was a proud solder in Ei-senhower’s Army, helping free France from Nazi occupation. It was there that he would meet my mother, Madeleine Vignier, a beautiful young French woman. They were married and raised me and my two sisters, Gigi and Jack-ie, in a typical middle-class home. A few years ago, with my late father, I joined the Sons of the American Revo-lution. My forefather, William Garrett, was a member of the Virginia militia and served alongside General George Washington at Valley Forge. 
My great-grandfather, Julian Peters, 
served with the Michigan infantry dur-ing the Civil War. I am proud to follow earlier generations of patriots who served their country and were prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice in de-fense of freedom and liberty. But like millions of Americans, I am also the son of an immigrant. America’s shores were new to my mother, but they pro-vided an incredible expanse of oppor-tunity that people across the globe continue to dream of. My mother worked long hours as a nurse’s aide and fought for a better workplace for her-self and her coworkers, helping to orga-nize her workplace and later serving as a union steward. 
Michigan’s strong labor movement 
and our manufacturing sector helped build economic opportunities for mil-lions of Americans. Standing together to call for fair wages, safer workplaces, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.003 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4216 June 17, 2015 
and better hours, Michigan workers 
and their families helped build the middle class and make the American dream a reality for many. I am honored to embody such a uniquely American experience—the descendant of an American Revolutionary War soldier and the son of a foreign-born natural-ized citizen—and to carry on these rich traditions that continue to make our Nation proud, diverse, and strong. 
But while my story is uniquely 
American, it is not so different from nearly 10 million Michiganders of var-ied backgrounds who have come to-gether to make our State an extraor-dinary, special place. Michigan is unique in that we are the only State made up of two peninsulas. Separated for thousands of years by waterways carved by retreating glaciers, our pe-ninsulas permanently united with Michigan statehood and finally con-nected with the opening of the Mack-inac Bridge almost 60 years ago. 
The Mackinac Bridge is one of the 
longest suspension bridges in the world. It remains an engineering mar-vel to this day and a symbol of how Michiganders can come together to ac-complish great things. Financed with an innovative public-private bond structure, over 10,000 workers contrib-uted to this 5-mile span, implementing the vision and planning of 350 engi-neers. In our State, it is simply known as ‘‘The Bridge.’’ Its construction un-leashed economic growth for our State, increasing tourism in the Upper Penin-sula and providing a new avenue for goods to be hauled south while agricul-tural products and manufactured goods flowed north. 
As Michigan and our Nation transi-
tion to a 21st-century economy, we would do well to draw on the engineer-ing know-how, skilled workforce, and boldness to invest in transformative in-frastructure that made the Mackinac Bridge possible. Michigan’s products move and feed the Nation. We invented the modern automobile, advanced man-ufacturing, and America’s middle class. 
We are the second most agricultur-
ally diverse State in the Nation. Our blueberries, apples, cherries, and sugar beets are just a few of the 300 crops we grow and ship across the country and the world. Our incredible farmers, growers, and producers use Michigan’s unique climate and resources to feed people across our country and around the world. 
Whether we are talking about our 
State, our Nation or our successful in-dustries, we cannot rest on our laurels. We are in constant competition. The coming decades will see rapid growth abroad, but I know our Nation will con-tinue to lead the world with our ability to innovate and efficiently align cap-ital and talent to maximize the strengths of our workforce. 
Today’s small business in Grand Rap-
ids or a start-up in Detroit can access consumers across the world. I know that Michigan will be at the cutting edge of this new global economy. Michigan is at the forefront of devel-
oping the transformative technologies that will remake America and help our country sustain its stature and promi-nence. 
Southeast Michigan has more engi-
neers per capita than any State in the country, which is one of the reasons Detroit is home to the first field patent office outside of Washington, DC. Our automakers, parts suppliers, and ad-vanced manufacturers are constantly innovating—and not just generations of new goods but also intellectual prop-erty. If you can make it, we can find a way to make it faster, lighter, more ef-ficient, safer, and more affordable. 
Incremental innovation meaningfully 
improves lives, but as a nation we must keep working toward the next big thing. Investments in education and basic scientific research are the down-payment on our future. It is particu-larly critical that we continue these investments at a time when our coun-try faces so many unique challenges. 
Growing income inequality is a 
threat to our middle class, our econ-omy, and our democracy. While globalization is opening new markets for American goods, it is also hollowing out the mid-level jobs that are the foundation of the American middle class. Without a strong middle class we cannot have a strong econ-omy, and without a strong middle class we simply cannot have a strong democ-racy. 
There are many ideas about how to 
deal with these challenges, but history has taught us that increased produc-tivity is the No. 1 driver of economic progress and, in my view, the key to American greatness. Economic histo-rians tell us that after hundreds of years of zero economic growth, groundbreaking innovations changed the face of commerce. 
In the mid-1700s came the cotton gin, 
steam engine, and railroads, followed by more breakthroughs in the 1800s, electricity, the internal combustion engine, and even indoor plumbing. Be-fore indoor plumbing, a recent study estimated the average housewife spent nearly 150 hours per year walking back and forth to gather 3.5 tons of water for her family to cook, clean, and drink. The technology of indoor plumbing alone unleashed enormous gains in pro-ductivity. 
Today, we have tablets and 
smartphones and social media, but if we are going to solve the tough chal-lenges facing the middle-class families and all those who aspire to be in the middle class, we will need to unleash even more productivity and more inno-vation. We will need to discover the next big thing, and I don’t know what that next big thing will be, but I do know the Federal Government must continue investing in the seed corn of basic research and development. 
From the Facility for Rare Isotope 
Beams at Michigan State to Wayne State’s bioresearch facility, to the Uni-versity of Michigan’s extensive joint projects with NASA, our State’s uni-
versities are leading the way in re-search. 
The research being conducted at our 
universities is also creating jobs in Michigan as these transformative tech-nologies are commercialized. Students are not just inventing new tech-nologies, they are also inventing their own jobs and companies. 
For example, using technology devel-
oped at the University of Michigan for NASA to measure electric fields result-ing from dust storms blowing across Mars, a startup spun off of these efforts is now creating jobs on Earth to help an electric company monitor their utility lines. 
Innovation is creating new industries 
in Michigan and is also revolutionizing many of our existing industries. Ad-vanced sensors, robotics, and big data will allow precision agriculture that boosts productivity and conserves nat-ural resources. 
One industry that has always meant 
jobs for Michigan is, of course, the automobile industry. We are on the verge of an automotive technological revolution that will allow vehicles to communicate their location, speed, and other data electronically with each other and our transportation infra-structure as well. 
Research by the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration esti-mates this technology can reduce acci-dents by 80 percent, save fuel, and cut congestion at a time when Americans spend an estimated 5 vacation days a year stuck in traffic jams. 
When more than 30,000 Americans are 
killed in accidents on our roads and highways every year, the advance-ments of this kind of technology will literally save thousands of lives. 
This means active crash-avoidance 
technology that stops accidents before they happen, and before long, autono-mous vehicles that drive themselves. This is truly revolutionary technology packaged with horsepower and torque, my favorite part of the car. 
But the Federal Government has to 
do its part to develop and protect this technology. One of my top priorities, as a new member of the Senate com-merce committee, is to ensure that ve-hicles have the wireless spectrum they need to communicate with each other and to make our roads safer. 
As manufacturing and technology 
merge, Michigan is prepared to lead the way. What were once separate in-dustries are now merging into com-plements in a battle for the future that America must win. 
Federal investment in research and 
development is just that, an invest-ment that has paid off many times over. Investment in research supports the new technologies and industries of the future, drives job creation, and pro-vides technologies critical to our na-tional security. 
Necessary Federal investment in in-
frastructure and innovation is only possible if those of us in Congress take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.004 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4217 June 17, 2015 
our job seriously as stewards of tax-
payer dollars and look for places to avoid unnecessary wasteful spending. 
We also will not be able to accom-
plish anything without embracing pragmatism and bipartisanship. We cannot focus on whether ideas come from a Republican or from a Democrat. We need to focus only on whether the idea has merit and is good for the coun-try. This is why I have spent my first 5 months in office the way I intend to spend the rest of my career in public service, reaching across the aisle to find common ground and the practical solutions that will make our govern-ment work better, drive innovation and competitiveness, and keep Michigan and America safe and strong. 
I have introduced legislation with 
Senator G
ARDNER from Colorado to in-
crease oversight of duplicative spend-ing and force Congress to act on deficit reduction. 
I worked with Senator E
RNST from 
Iowa to introduce legislation to extend a tax credit for small businesses that support their activated military re-servist employees. 
Senator L
ANKFORD of Oklahoma and I 
worked on a bill that would ensure Federal agencies use remanufactured auto parts when maintaining their fleets, an idea that will save natural resources and taxpayer dollars while supporting our country’s remanufac-tured parts industry. Just 2 days ago, this bill unanimously passed the Sen-ate. 
I worked with Senator R
ISCH from 
Idaho to move legislation through the small business committee to extend and preserve the Small Business Ad-ministration’s 7(a) Loan Program, so our Nation’s small businesses can ac-cess the capital they need to grow and create jobs. 
Senator C
ORNYN , Senator G RAHAM , 
and I introduced legislation to create a bipartisan commission to examine our Nation’s judicial system from the top to the bottom and to make sure it is working for all Americans. 
Senator S
ULLIVAN and I worked to-
gether to introduce a bill to cut excise taxes for small craft distillers, a growth industry in Michigan, Alaska, and America. 
I am also proud to say the legislation 
I introduced with Senator C
ASSIDY of 
Louisiana to provide training for med-ical professionals to identify victims of human trafficking was also signed into law after it passed the Senate as part of a larger effort to combat human trafficking. 
I was sent to the Senate to represent 
the people of Michigan, and they want Congress to work together in a bipar-tisan way to solve the challenges fac-ing our country. We must focus more on what we have in common and less on our differences. We should work on ideas that are good for our country and good for our States. I have worked to be a practical problem solver in my first few months, and it is what I in-tend to do in the years ahead. There is much to be done, and I will 
work tirelessly for the people of Michi-gan. My weeks in Washington, unfortu-nately, keep me apart from my wife Colleen and my children, Madeleine, Alana, and Gary, Jr., but their love and steadfast support is with me each and every day. Colleen was raised by her parents Raul and Kathy Ochoa in Oak-land County—like me—and together we share a passion for public service. I am so pleased Colleen and Madeleine are here with me today in the Senate Gal-lery. 
On the Senate floor, we are standing 
on the shoulders of giants. This in-cludes our Nation’s Founding Fathers and more recent predecessors. My staff and I recently moved into the Hart Senate Office Building, named after Senator Phil Hart from Michigan, a man rightfully known as the ‘‘Con-science of the Senate’’ and a role model for all of us. 
I could not be happier that my office 
will be right around the corner from my close friend, mentor, colleague, and respected leader in the Senate Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW , and I am honored 
that D EBBIE has joined me on the Sen-
ate floor for this speech. 
Of course, I am deeply honored to 
succeed Senator Carl Levin, another one of my mentors and a man who de-fined what it means to be a public serv-ant. The careers of Senators Levin, Hart, Riegle, Griffin, and other Michiganders who preceded me pro-vided the foundation on which I hope to build our shared future and create the best Michigan possible—not only the kind of Michigan we want to live in but the kind of Michigan our children and grandchildren will want to spend their lives in, a Michigan that is a magnet for migration and unbridled op-portunity for families and small busi-nesses, and a State that will lead the world in innovation. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues in the Senate and Michiganders across the State to make a better future for all of us a reality. Together, we will continue to build a State and a country that embody the opportunity, the possibility, and the promise that has made our country a shining beacon for so many around the globe. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Democratic leader. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR 
PETERS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a minute to express my apprecia-tion to the junior Senator from Michi-gan in his maiden speech. It was ter-rific. It was delivered so well, and that is what Michigan is all about. We ap-preciate it very, very much. 
He has big shoes to fill, those of Carl 
Levin. We all know what a giant he was in the Senate. From Senator Levin to Senator S
TABENOW , they have both said: G ARYPETERS can do it. I am im-
pressed with him very much. He is a team player. He is willing to do the hard lifting. I appreciate that very much. He mentioned Senator Levin, of course, whom we all admired so very much. Also, I wish to take a minute to talk about his partner in the Senate today, D
EBBIE STABENOW . As he men-
tioned, she is a part of Senate leader-ship. She is there because she deserves it. There is no one who works harder than D
EBBIE STABENOW . And if there 
were a work ethic role model for my friend G
ARY PETERS to follow, D EBBIE  
STABENOW is the perfect person. 
So I thank the junior Senator from 
Michigan for being who he is. We have come to know who he is in 6 months, and we like him very much. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, 
I am very deeply appreciative of our leader’s comments. Thank you very much. 
I just wish to add my words of pride 
in the fact that we have such a wonder-ful Senator now coming to the Senate and the fact that he is fighting so hard for Michigan and already doing a won-derful job. 
I am so pleased he is my partner, and 
it was a wonderful speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate the junior Senator from Michigan for his opening speech in the Senate. My State of Illinois is sepa-rated from his State of Michigan by an-other State and a Great Lake, but we have many things in common. 
People of Chicago and Illinois, many 
of them, spend a lot of money in the State of Michigan and particularly in western Michigan. We love the Sen-ator’s State. It is a beautiful State. Many of us vacation there and get to know the people. 
We have so much in common as mid-
westerners, looking at the world from our vantage point, smack dab in the middle of this country, and bringing to the conversation in the Senate many of the values that have guided our lives and inspired our families. I listened carefully and thought it is amazing that we have such parallel back-grounds—a father who can trace his 
family roots back to the Revolutionary War and, in both cases, mothers who were immigrants to this country. So being a first-generation American, I am sure the Senator feels as I do, a spe-cial honor, standing on the floor of the Senate, representing a State as great as Michigan—or Illinois. 
I wish to say my colleague’s back-
ground in the House of Representatives prepared him well for this challenge. Although he follows one of the greats in the history of the Senate, Carl Levin, he brings to this job an extraor-dinary talent and a great partnership with Senator S
TABENOW . Already, the 
two of them have been in contact with me about Michigan’s needs as they re-late to our Department of Defense—and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.005 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4218 June 17, 2015 
it is a significant investment which 
Michigan has made over the years in keeping America strong, one we want to continue for many generations to come. 
I am pleased Senator P
ETER ’s family 
was here to be part of this official opening of his service in the Senate, and I certainly look forward to work-ing with him for many years to come. 
f 
SEQUESTRATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
morning the majority leader and the Republican leader Senator M
CCONNELL  
came to the floor to speak to us about the challenge we are going to face, as soon as this week, when it comes to the Department of Defense. This is a de-partment I have paid special attention to over the last several years during the time I chaired the Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee and now serve as ranking member or vice chairman of that same subcommittee. 
First, I salute the chairman of the 
Appropriations Committee and Defense Subcommittee, T
HAD COCHRAN of Mis-
sissippi. It has been a joy to work with him. He is a professional. He is a kind and gentle man and fair in every re-spect. I told him on the floor yesterday what I have said publicly in my caucus luncheon, the Democratic caucus luncheon. I am fortunate to have a partner in this effort from the Repub-lican side who is so good to work with. 
But we face a real serious challenge 
this week, and we have to decide as a nation what we are going to do about it. Most people, if you ask them on a final exam what does sequestration mean, they would basically throw up their hands and say: It sounds like something out of Washington. It doesn’t mean much to me. 
Sequestration is the penalty we face 
if we don’t hit certain budget spending numbers, and that penalty is virtually mindless. Here is what it says: We will make across-the-board cuts in spend-ing. Think about that in your own fam-ily life. If you were looking at the budget for your family and had some misfortune—a paycheck didn’t come in—you would have to gauge priorities. While sitting at the kitchen table, you might say: What do we have to pay this month? Well, we have to pay the mort-gage or we will be foreclosed upon. We better pay the light bill or they will turn off the electricity. So what can we cut back on? We are going to spend less at the grocery store. 
Families make those decisions— 
many of them—on a weekly or monthly basis. But sequestration says we will cut across the board. We will take a 5- percent cut off the mortgage, off the utility bill, and off the groceries. It doesn’t make sense, does it? But we did it. We did it for 2 years, and it was dev-astating. 
We cut across the board when it came 
to medical research, for goodness’ sakes. Here we were trying to find cures for cancer and heart disease and diabetes and Alzheimer’s, and we said 
we are going to make a 5-percent cut across the board. It made no sense whatsoever, nor did it make sense for 
the Department of Defense. They said: How in the world can we prepare for America’s defense with across-the- board cuts? We are supposed to be re-cruiting and training the very best men and women to serve our Nation. They need to be ready for combat. We have to make them battle-ready so they will win any battle they are sent to and come home safe. We have to de-cide what equipment to purchase. We have to decide how to invest in long- term investments in technology and equipment so that we never come in second in any battle. Yet you are going to give us an across-the-board cut, Con-gress? Stop it. Stop sequestration. 
That is what this debate is about. What we have now is a proposal from 
the Republican side of the aisle to stop sequestration—across-the-board cuts— in only one Agency: the Department of Defense. I think that is a good thing, to stop it, but it certainly isn’t a bal-anced approach. 
We have a lot of other things we do 
as a government that are important to the people of this country. We finance the education of young people who want to go to college. We do it with Pell grants and we do it with govern-ment loans. If we make across-the- board cuts there, we will create hard-ships and lack of opportunity for a lot of young people in America. When it comes to education, sequestration makes no sense. 
When it comes to health care, it cer-
tainly makes no sense. We have obliga-tions that we have entered into when it comes to our veterans and their health care. Are we going to make across-the- board cuts when it comes to veterans’ health care? God forbid. We promised those men and women that if they would serve our country, we would stand by them when they came home. 
Sequestration is a mindless cut when 
it comes to education and health care and medical research, as I mentioned earlier. So Democrats are saying to Re-publicans: Here we are on June 17, and our fiscal year ends on October 1. Let’s not wait until the last minute to sit down and work out this problem. But what we hear from the other side of the aisle is this: We are not going to do it. We are just going to ignore it. 
That is the problem in Washington 
when you don’t face challenges square-ly, honestly, on a bipartisan basis. 
So here is what is likely to occur this 
week. We are going to vote for an au-thorization bill on the Department of Defense. Some of us will oppose the way it is being funded, but others will vote for it. Then we will come to the Defense appropriations bill, and I think what you will find is a unified effort on the Democratic side to say to the Re-publicans: Now is the time to sit down, not just on this appropriations bill but all the appropriations bills. Let’s come up with an answer and solution to se-questration. I heard the Republican leader say: 
Well, this is an indication that the Democrats are not committed to the defense of America. I couldn’t disagree more because, you see, when we look at those who agree with us on the need for a different approach to budgeting, they include our Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dempsey. These are the men who have been as-signed the responsibility of leading this great military and keeping America safe, and they say this budget process which the Republican leader endorses is not a good one for the safety of America. 
So let’s do the right thing for the 
men and women in uniform, for our country, and for all the agencies of government. Let’s sit down and solve this budget challenge now before it reaches the last minute in a crisis. Let’s do it in June rather than in Sep-tember, October, November, or Decem-ber. Let’s do it calmly, on a bipartisan basis, and engage the President as well as our colleagues from both sides of the aisle in Congress. That is the respon-sible, bipartisan, honest way to face the problem. I hope the Republican leader will join us in that effort. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
just want to commend our leader from Illinois for bringing up what is so criti-cally important, which is the entire budget of the country. It is important that we get it right in supporting the authorization in front of us. 
I understand the defense of our coun-
try is much more than just the Depart-ment of Defense. As a border State in Michigan, border security, which is not in the Defense appropriations bill, is incredibly important, as is cyber secu-rity, which we are hearing more and more about; the frontline of our men and women, the first responders, police officers, firefighters—who do we think actually answers the call in a commu-nity when there is some kind of local challenge or a terrorist attack; airport security—I could go on and on. These are all things that are not in the appro-priations bill for the Department of De-fense. 
Unfortunately, without a bipartisan 
agreement to continue what was a very positive 2-year agreement put together that has been called the Ryan-Murray agreement to be able to balance out all the security needs as well as the eco-nomic security needs of our country— without that, it is a mistake to begin the appropriations process one bill at a time. 
So from my perspective, on behalf of 
the people of Michigan, whatever ap-propriations bill comes up next, no matter what it is, we should not begin that process until we have a bipartisan agreement, as we had for the last 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.006 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4219 June 17, 2015 
years, so that no part of our national 
security is hurt or the economic secu-rity for the future of our country. Until we do that—and we can do that; we have done it before—we should not begin the appropriations process on a piecemeal basis. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
week, President Obama spoke at a meeting of the Catholic Health Asso-ciation, and he told the association that his health care law, as he said, ‘‘worked out better than some of us an-ticipated.’’ 
Well, I can tell you that the Presi-
dent’s health care law has worked out much worse—much worse—than the American people expected. It has worked out much worse than the Presi-dent promised it was going to work. Hard-working families all across the country are suffering under the Presi-dent’s complicated, confusing, and costly health care law. 
The new Senator from Michigan just 
gave his maiden speech this morning, and I welcome him to the Senate. The senior Senator from Michigan just spoke on the floor. Last week, she also spoke on the floor and talked about the millions of Americans who need sub-sidies to help cover the cost of these outrageously expensive ObamaCare mandates. Well, ObamaCare hurts many of the people in her home State of Michigan. 
This insurance is going to get a lot 
more expensive for the people of Michi-gan next year. The Obama administra-tion released new numbers recently showing how much more people are going to have to pay for their ObamaCare plans next year. There is one company in Michigan that has re-quested a rate increase of 38 percent. There are more than 20,000 people in Michigan who get their ObamaCare in-surance from this company today. These people are looking at the pros-pect of their insurance costing 38 per-cent more next year. Other families in Michigan are facing rate hikes of 11 percent or 17 percent or 37 percent, de-pending on the specific plan they are in. 
And it is not just happening in Michi-
gan. In Washington State, one com-pany says its premiums next year will be 19 percent higher. There are more than 7,000 people in Washington State who get their insurance from that com-pany. Another company says it is rais-ing its rates 9.6 percent. People in Washington are facing much higher in-surance premiums, and they will still have the narrow networks that so many Americans have to deal with be-cause of ObamaCare. When I say ‘‘nar-row network,’’ I mean fewer choices of hospitals, fewer choices of doctors to take care of them—limited choices, plus paying more. So how big of a problem is it? Well, 
the Wall Street Journal had an article about these people the other day. On Friday, June 12, the headline was ‘‘Sur-prises in Health-Law Bills.’’ The article says: ‘‘Out-of-network charges often aren’t flagged before treatment.’’ They call it medical bill shock. 
This is under the President’s health 
care law—medical bill shock; surprises in health-law bills. The article tells the story of Angela Giboney from Mill Creek, WA—Washington State. She has insurance through the State ObamaCare exchange. She has ObamaCare, make no mistake about it. When she went to have a mammogram, it turned out the place that did the screening was outside her network, so she got a bill for $932. President Obama promised that people would pay less under the health care law. Instead, peo-ple all across the country are getting stuck with surprise bills because of these narrow networks. And in spite of that, their premiums are going to jump again next year. 
Some Democrats say that people 
shouldn’t worry about these dramatic premium increases because the average increase—this is what the Democrats say—in some places won’t be that high. Well, there is a new study that looked at the rate requests in eight different States for next year. It says that in those eight States, premiums for the silver plan in the ObamaCare exchange will only go up by, on average, 6 per-cent. The study says that in Con-necticut, the average silver plan is only going to raise premiums 4 percent. It says if you shop around—if you shop around—you might be able to find a new plan next year that will go up by less than your current plan is going up. 
So they are saying that across the 
board they are going up. The question is, How much are they going up? And if you shop around, you might be able to find a place they are not going up quite as much as they are with your current plan. 
Is that what President Obama prom-
ised the American people? Did he prom-ise the American people the rates would only go up 6 percent? No, that is not what he promised. He said rates would go down by $2,500 per family, per year. 
Did President Obama say your rates 
will go up a little less if you are willing to change plans every year? No. He said if you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. That is what the President said. 
Did the President promise that 
maybe your rates won’t go up by quite as much if you are willing to accept a narrow network of providers? Did he say you should change your doctor every year by switching from plan to plan? No, of course not. He said if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. 
I want to make another point about 
this new study. It is only talking about the average increases across all the plans offered in eight States. Even if the average premium is only going up 6 
percent in those eight States, a lot of 
people are going to end up paying much more. 
There are families in Connecticut 
who may have to pay 16 percent more next year. That is how much more one company in Connecticut wants to charge almost 26,000 people who buy the ObamaCare plans today. Does the President think these families are happy that the average increase is only 4 percent when they get an increase of 16 percent? Is that what the President means when he says his health care law is working better than he anticipated— and he said it just last week—because there are a lot of people in Connecticut who say it is not working and it is working much worse than they antici-pated. 
People have been writing to the 
State insurance department in Con-necticut, and they are angry. They are angry with the President and alarmed at the ObamaCare price hikes. One per-son wrote that their insurance com-pany is requesting a rate increase of 14.3 percent in Connecticut. For Demo-crats who say the average may be only 4 percent, some people will be paying over 14 percent more next year. The 
person asks: Does the average worker get a 14-percent salary increase? That is not what the people of Michigan, Washington, Connecticut or anywhere else thought they were going to get when Democrats called the law the Af-fordable Care Act. 
Sometime in the next couple of 
weeks the Supreme Court is going to decide whether it is legal for President Obama to spend some of the billions of taxpayer dollars that he has been spending on the health care law. Now, the decision could affect more than 6 million Americans. Republicans have been watching this case very closely. We have been working on ideas to pro-tect these people and to protect all Americans from the damages caused by the President’s health care law. 
If the Court rules against the Presi-
dent, then Republicans will be ready to sit down with Democrats to improve health care in America. We will take the opportunity to protect the people from ObamaCare’s broken promises and to provide freedom to the people who are trapped in Washington-mandated health care. It will be up to the Presi-dent and Democrats in Congress wheth-er they want to join us or if they want to continue to insist that this law is working better than they anticipated. I hope they will work with us—work with us—on reforms that the American people need, want, and deserve. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, before 
he leaves the floor, I thank the distin-guished Senator from Wyoming, a phy-sician himself, not just for his good re-marks today but for his litany of good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.007 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4220 June 17, 2015 
remarks throughout the debate on the 
Affordable Care Act. 
For 6 years he has been an outspoken 
voice for what is right for the Amer-ican people and what the American people want, which is affordable, qual-ity health care. I appreciate his con-tribution, not just to the debate today but to the debate we have had in the past and the one we are about to have in the future. He is right that we must come together—Republicans and Demo-crats alike—and make sure that the broken promises of the Affordable Care Act are fixed; that affordable, acces-sible, quality health care is available to the American people; that it is de-liverable by private industry and by private and competitive free enterprise system; and that government mandates that force prices up and quality down go away. So I thank the Senator for his contribution and all the great work he does. 
He is not quite as old as I am, but he 
might like the movie I like, ‘‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.’’ There is a great line in ‘‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid’’ where they are sit-ting in a cave after having robbed a bank. Butch looks over at Sundance and says: ‘‘Boy, I just love it when a plan comes together.’’ 
Well, 6 years later, as we look back 
on the Affordable Care Act, the plan is unravelling. It is costing the American people more. Health care is less acces-sible. Deductibles are higher. It is time that we fix it and that we fix it right. 
If the King v. Burwell case is de-
cided—as it will be in the next few weeks—we have an obligation to keep the first promise the President did not keep. Do you remember? President Obama said: If you like your insurance, you can keep it? If Burwell loses and if King wins and the Court rules that the subsidies are illegal, approximately 9.5 million Americans who have gotten in-surance and have it through subsidies through the Affordable Care Act would be threatened to lose their insurance immediately upon its decision. We can’t let that happen. We have to see that we build a bridge from where we are today to a future of better health care, more accessible health care, and more affordable health care. 
So we must remember as Repub-
licans, who have so often criticized the President for that remark that if you like your health care you can keep it, to make sure that we don’t become an unwitting accomplice in this decision if King wins, by, first and foremost, as-suring the 9.5 million who have cov-erage that we will work to see that you can keep your coverage and that you have a bridge to a better, more com-petitive, more affordable health care system. It is important for us to re-member that. 
No. 2, it is important for us to re-
member that we can’t recreate a sys-tem that the President created in terms of paying for the health care. Have you ever thought about how the Affordable Care Act is paid for? It is paid for in the following ways: higher 
copayments, less benefits, and higher premiums. But even worse, there is a revenue system that actually punishes free enterprise, an 85-percent medical loss-ratio mandate which cut out every private sector insurance salesperson who sold medical plans to the Amer-ican people, because when you take 85 percent as the maximum loss ratio, then you only have 15 percent for ad-ministration. There is nothing left to compensate someone for selling the policy. 
No. 3, when we were short $19 billion, 
the President decided to create the HIT tax. What is the HIT tax? It is an arbi-trary tax against small and medium- sized group medical companies, charg-ing them not only on their premiums, not only on their revenues but on their percentage of market share. Where in the world has the government ever de-cided to take market share as an indi-cator of how much you pay? It makes no sense unless you were trying to find dollars to make sense. And the Presi-dent did it. I can go over litany after litany after litany. 
The medical device tax on 
orthopedists deals with devices in ev-erything that they do. The medical de-vice tax is not a tax on net profit on medical devices. It is a 2.3 percent sur-charge on the gross revenues of the de-vice manufacturer. 
I tell the story about my visit to 
South Africa 2 years ago. I got a call from our Governor. He said: You are in Johannesburg, South Africa. Would you go to the chamber of commerce there and visit with a Georgia company from Kennesaw, GA, a small medical device manufacturer that is selling their products. Just tell them thank you for their business. 
I said sure. I went by that evening for 
a reception, found the gentleman from Kennesaw, and said: Thank you so much for doing your business in Geor-gia. 
He said: Oh, I have moved. I said: Oh, I am sorry. The Governor’s 
office called me. 
He said: Well, I just announced that I 
am moving this week. They don’t know it yet. 
I said: Where are you moving? He said: Madrid. I said: Madrid, Spain? 
He said: Yes. I said: Why? He said: Because the medical device 
tax is making it impossible for me to do what I need to do in terms of inno-vation, in terms of marketing, and in terms of distribution. 
So it was an ill-conceived act with 
the best of intentions but the worst of results. How bad? It is just like what Senator B
ARRASSO said a minute ago. 
In Georgia, one plan is going up 38 
percent—one plan. That is the highest we know of—not 4, not 10, not 17 but 38 percent. There are 10,796 Georgians who have that plan who now have the alter-native of going to find something else or paying 38 percent more. I don’t know about everybody else, but wages 
aren’t growing by 38 percent, and op-portunity is not growing by 38 percent. But the cost of your health care, which you want to have, goes up 38 percent and you have to find a way to pay it. What does that do? It hurts the econ-omy, it hurts family, and it hurts the American people. 
So as we look at the results of what 
is going to happen with King v. Burwell, if King is ruled in favor of and the courts throw out the subsidies on the Affordable Care Act, we need, first of all, to do no harm. We need to make sure that nobody arbitrarily, imme-diately loses the insurance that they planned on. We need to keep the prom-ise President Obama made and never kept. That is No. 1. 
No. 2, we need to get everybody in 
the same room—Republicans and Democrats alike, providers and bene-ficiaries alike. Let’s build a health care system for the 21st century for Amer-ica that rewards the best health care system in the world by allowing it to innovate, by encouraging it to com-pete, and not making arbitrary deci-sions on cost and taxation that drive people out of the marketplace and out of business. 
I am at that age where I care about 
my health care. I enjoy my health care. I like the policy I have. It costs me a lot more than it did before the Afford-able Care Act. Health insurance is im-portant. But there is a limit to what I can absorb. There is a limit to what the American people can absorb, and there is a limit to what government can do to try to fit a square peg in a round hole. I learned in Boy Scouts that doesn’t work. 
The Affordable Care Act is a square 
peg that for 6 years we have tried to fit in a round hole, and it doesn’t fit. It is time that we rounded that peg, took into consideration the American peo-ple, the taxpayers, the patients, and the physicians and did what is right for the American people. 
Don’t break our promises. Let’s keep 
our promises. Let’s allow them to have the choice of insurance policies that, once they buy them, they can keep and a system that doesn’t mandate in-creases but instead encourages com-petition, quality, and makes sure it is health care the American people want, is accessible, affordable, available, and delivered in a competitive, free enter-prise market by the private sector. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak about several amendments I have submitted to the Defense author-ization bill currently before the Sen-ate. 
First, I wish to commend Chairman 
M
CCAINin his first mission as chair-
man of the Armed Services Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.009 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4221 June 17, 2015 
The bill before us bears his imprint and 
that of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and it addresses the grow-ing challenges facing our military. 
This legislation came out of com-
mittee in a bipartisan way and came to the floor with the opportunity for every Member of the Senate to offer amendments to this bill. It was an open amendment process, something we have been doing this year that hasn’t been done previously under the leader-ship of the now minority. Unfortu-nately, that effort was blocked by the minority, and we now are where we are. 
I have introduced amendments that 
will hopefully be carried now in a man-ager’s package with the support of Sen-ator M
CCAINand others here. I just 
want to describe what those were. 
First of all, let me say that despite 
the efforts of the minority to block our progress on this bill, perhaps one of the most essential things the Senate and the Congress does in any year is to pro-vide for the common defense by passing authorization and appropriations for our military so that they have the pol-icy and the authority and the resources to be able to conduct their efforts, both defending us here at home and dealing with issues overseas. 
The bill is a lifesaver and a nation 
defender, and it is not—to quote the minority leader—‘‘a waste of time.’’ How could anyone come to this floor and simply say that discussing, debat-ing, and passing legislation that pro-tects our country and provides support for our military is a waste of time? It just defies credulity and has us all scratching our heads. 
Nevertheless, we proceeded, and we 
go forward because, thankfully, under the majority leadership of Senator M
CCONNELL and the leadership of Sen-
ator M CCAINas chairman of the Armed 
Services Committee, we are moving forward with this bill. 
The personnel, platforms, and pro-
grams in this bill could very well save the lives of our military personnel de-ployed on the frontlines of freedom around the globe, and it is necessary that we go forward. That brings me to the rationale behind the first amend-ment that I have introduced. 
Last week, President Obama admit-
ted to the Nation and to the world that he still does not have ‘‘a complete strategy’’ to deal with ISIS. A year ago this month, the terrorist organization Islamic State proclaimed itself as a worldwide caliphate, claiming control of territory in Syria and Iraq. ISIS quickly has become the largest, best organized, best financed, and most am-bitious terrorist organization in his-tory—not to mention the most brutal terrorist organization that we have ever seen. 
The previous Secretary of Defense 
and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff described the threat arising from 
ISIS in apocalyptic terms—as well they should. The unspeakable depravities committed by ISIS are enough to evoke images of death’s pale horse. ISIS has used sophisticated and suc-
cessful Internet and media outreach tools to attract tens of thousands of radical Islamists to join its fight in Syria, Iraq, and beyond. They have captured and control major population centers in Iraq, including Mosul, Fallujah, and Ramadi. They have se-cured their bases of operations in Syria and expanded the territory ISIS con-trols throughout Syria, threatening to dominate any successor state emerging from the Syrian civil war. In the mean-time, ISIS has also expanded its influ-ence and secured allegiance from co-operating terrorist organizations in Yemen, Libya, Nigeria, Niger, Chad, and Cameroon. 
Yet early last year, the President 
compared ISIS to a junior varsity. Some junior varsity—it looks more like something that rises to the level of a major, major threat to the nations of the world—not just in the Middle East but to the nations of the world. But why call it a junior varsity? 
Then, following the terrorist group’s 
dramatic expansion, later the Presi-dent acknowledged the threat but ad-mitted that ‘‘we don’t have a strategy yet’’ to confront ISIS. Eventually, though, the President did come up with a plan that included two main ele-ments: training moderate volunteers— not American volunteers but Iraqi vol-unteers—to fight ISIS in Syria and training and equipping the Iraqi De-fense Forces to fight ISIS in Iraq. 
The first part of this plan has pro-
duced no fighters after a year of talk and has just begun to train the first co-hort of 400 volunteers, whose training is to be complete in another year or so. Even then, they will be equipped to as-sume only defensive missions in Syria, according to the Pentagon. That is the U.S. portion. The Iraqi portion deals with training that I will be talking about here in just a moment. 
How could this severely limited 
strategy be even remotely responsive to ISIS, to the means and the threat ISIS poses? How is it that ISIS man-ages to recruit, transport, train, de-ploy, and effectively fight tens of thou-sands of radical men and women, while we are spending 2 years finding and training just 400 in our program in Syria? 
In Iraq, 10 years and billions of dol-
lars spent creating defense forces has produced nothing capable of standing up to the ISIS fanatics. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff said earlier this month that Iraqi forces ‘‘did not have a will to fight’’ when confronting a vastly inferior— vastly inferior—‘‘Islamic State’’ force in this particular battle. They just melted away in Mosul and Ramadi, said the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Those who had spent months, if not years, and spent very significant amounts of money on training simply melted away because they did not have the will to fight. 
The President’s intention to train 
and equip the Iraqi forces to confront the Islamic State has failed to produce 
an effective fighting force that is ade-quately led and sufficiently equipped. That is the only conclusion we can come to after months and years and ex-traordinary expenditures of dollars to try to deal with the ISIS threat. 
The other major component of the 
President’s strategy is airstrikes. Air-power, when used as part of an inte-grated grand strategy, can play an es-sential role. In this case, there is no in-tegrated larger strategy, and therefore airpower is limited in terms of what it can do. 
The administration’s airstrikes have 
been much less effective in dealing with the ISIS threat than anticipated. They have not halted ISIS’s advances in the region. 
In the words of retired Air Force 
General David Deptula, a key architect of the air campaign in Operation Desert Storm: 
Air power has to be applied like a thunder-
storm, not a drizzle. In the campaign against the Islamic State, we are averaging 12 strike sorties per day. During Operation Desert Storm in Iraq and Kuwait, the average was 1,241. 
Airpower, when properly utilized in 
concert with troops to support the ef-fort, can bring battlefield success. However, the Obama administration has failed to provide the proper number of well-trained American spotters on the ground in Iraq designating targets. If you do not have forces in position to target the exact target, airpower be-comes random and not nearly as effec-tive as it should be. And that has not been authorized by the President as a means of dealing with this issue; there-fore, the limits that have been placed on the use of airpower have left us in a situation where it is much less effec-tive than it could be. 
It has now been over a year since 
ISIS was widely acknowledged as a major threat to our national security. When asked just last week what is and is not working in the fight against ISIS, the President stated once again that we still do not have ‘‘a complete strategy’’ to confront ISIS. Instead, he blamed the Pentagon and the Iraqis for not finalizing a plan. Yet the President says we still do not have a complete strategy to address this threat. How is that possible? 
As the Wall Street Journal put it in 
its June 11 editorial, ‘‘The fundamental problem with Mr. Obama’s strategy is that he is so determined to show that the U.S. isn’t returning to war in Iraq that he isn’t doing enough to win the war we are fighting.’’ 
In the meantime, the White House 
announced that we would be sending another 450 troops to Iraq to train Sunni tribal fighters. I understand that this really means little more than 50 actual trainers, the rest of this small cohort to provide security for them-selves. So we are down to about 50 trainers, and that is the next step in dealing with a threat that far expands the need to do much more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.011 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4222 June 17, 2015 
We must insist that President Obama 
immediately produce a complete, de-tailed, and realistic plan to confront, degrade, and defeat the Islamic State. This plan must include realistic, well- substantiated estimates of timeframes, resources required, expected allies, and anticipated obstacles. Also, it must in-clude clear definitions of milestones and metrics of success. Most impor-tantly, the plan must include clear ac-countability. I have introduced an amendment to the Defense authoriza-tion bill that will require just that—a serious, credible, complete strategy for addressing the threat posed by ISIS. 
President Obama has shown a tend-
ency to blame others—the Pentagon or allies or Sunnis or the Iraqi Govern-ment or Congress—for his own failures of leadership in this effort; therefore, we must demand a coherent, realistic plan so the American people can prop-erly apportion the credit for success or the blame for failure where it belongs. 
Let me briefly talk about a couple of 
other amendments I have introduced, and I am hopeful we can include these two amendments in the managers’ package. 
Amendment No. 1705 addresses the 
Department of Defense’s present policy of not allowing Active-Duty flag and general officers to visit our friends in Taiwan. Instead, the DOD relies on re-tired flag and general officers—retired officers to visit Taiwan in what can only be seen as appeasing Communist China. 
It is difficult for military officials in 
both Taiwan and the United States to discuss contingency responses when Active-Duty U.S. generals and flag offi-cers are not able to meet regularly with their Taiwanese counterparts. Without visiting Taiwan, they are not able to familiarize themselves with Taiwan’s command centers, terrain, and operational capabilities. 
Active-Duty U.S. generals and flag 
officers have to be able to visit Taiwan and see its military in action in order to gain a better understanding of Tai-wan’s armed forces and the weapons they require for self-defense. 
In the event of an emergency, such as 
humanitarian assistance or a disaster relief mission, senior officers from Tai-wan and the United States will have little, if any, experience working to-gether to save the lives of thousands of Taiwanese citizens and Americans liv-ing abroad in Taiwan. 
My amendment would simply state 
that the Department of Defense should undertake a program of senior military officer exchanges with Taiwan. Note that this amendment does not require such exchanges. I do not believe in tying the military’s hands in this sort of matter, but I do believe it is impor-tant that the Senate go on record as concerned about the current policy of refusing to allow such exchanges. The armed forces of Taiwan are a very valu-able partner of the U.S. military. These visits by our generals and admirals will encourage Taiwan to make increased investments in their national defense, 
especially in light of the belligerent be-havior demonstrated by the Chinese. 
I understand that there is bipartisan 
agreement on this amendment, and I hope and trust that we can include this measure in any upcoming managers’ package. 
Finally, I have offered amendment 
No. 1877, which would require the Sec-retary of the Navy to submit to both the House and Senate Armed Services Committees a report detailing the po-tential impacts to the industrial base if the July 2017 start date for the refuel-ing and complex overhaul of the USS George Washington is delayed by 6 months, 1 year, or 2 years. 
As we learned last year when the ad-
ministration briefly considered post-poning the scheduled overhaul of the USS George Washington, such delays only drive up costs because of the un-certainty they create among the indus-trial base. I hope to avoid a repeat of that mistake by requiring the Navy to report on the true costs of any delay. 
I hope the Senate will agree to this 
amendment. 
Once again, I thank Senator M
CCAIN 
for his leadership on the Defense au-thorization bill, and I hope the Senate will act to pass this critically impor-tant bill without delay. This is one of the most essential bills this Congress takes up each year, and to deter this for any political reason simply is not acceptable when our troops’ lives and safety are at risk. They are there to de-fend us. They need our support, and they need it now. 
I yield floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the pending business. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. 
Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Markey amendment No. 1645 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that exports of crude oil to United 
States allies and partners should not be de-termined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Reed (for Blumenthal) modified amend-
ment No. 1564 (to amendment No. 1463), to enhance protections accorded to service-members and their spouses. 
McCain (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
1543 (to amendment No. 1463), to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
Reed (for Durbin) modified amendment No. 
1559 (to amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domestic corporations. 
Fischer/Booker amendment No. 1825 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to authorize appropria-tions for national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
McCain (for Hatch) amendment No. 1911 (to 
amendment No. 1456), to require a report on the Department of Defense definition of and policy regarding software sustainment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to tell my colleagues that I think we are winding down here. We have several other issues to address, but I think it is very possible that we could see the end here for final passage of the bill. There are still some issues that need to be resolved, but I am grateful for the progress all of my colleagues have made on both sides of the aisle. 
I would like to call up and speak 
briefly on McCain amendment No. 1482. This amendment would prohibit the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department from funding or conducting medical research or de-velopment projects unless the Sec-retary determines that the research or project is designed to protect, enhance, or restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces through phases of deployment, combat, medical recovery, and rehabilitation. 
I will not seek a vote on this amend-
ment, but I will say that it is an issue which must be addressed if we are going to spend American tax dollars on defending this Nation, the security, and the men and women who are serv-ing. 
What I am going to show my col-
leagues is what happens with almost any bad deal around here, and that is the incredible increase in congression-ally directed spending on medical re-search which is on the Department of Defense authorization bill—not on the Health and Human Services appropria-tions but on Defense. When we are cut-ting defense, when we are experiencing all the bad results of sequestration, we continue to grow to nearly $1 billion in medical research that has nothing to do with defense. 
I am all for medical research. I am 
all in. The National Institutes of Health is doing great things. I am all for it. But when we take it out of de-fense spending rather than what it should be taken out of, which is Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.012 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4223 June 17, 2015 
and Human Services, then I object to 
that. 
I am aware of the outcry that has 
taken place at these various organiza-tions which are dedicated to improving the health of Americans, and so there-fore of course I am not subjecting it to a vote. But it is outrageous that this has gone up to nearly $1 billion in spending that is taken out of the De-partment of Defense. 
My friends, what it is, is the Willie 
Sutton syndrome. When the famous bank robber Willie Sutton was asked why he robbed banks, he said, ‘‘Because that’s where the money is.’’ 
So this medical research, which has 
nothing to do with defense, comes out of the Department of Defense. It is wrong, and it needs to stop, as every scarce dollar that is earmarked for de-fense must go to the defense of this Na-tion. 
I know what the response is going to 
be: Oh my God, M
CCAIN, you want to 
take money away from—fill in the blank. No, I am not asking to take money from any medical research; I am asking that it be put where it belongs, and that is not in the Department of Defense. It is not about disputing the great value of much of the medical re-search Congress and America’s tax-payers make possible. I will match my record on support for medical research with anyone’s. Any person who has reached my advanced age likely has some firsthand experience with the miracles of modern medicine and grati-tude for all who support it. Much of the medical research for which Congress appropriates money each year helps to extend and improve the lives of many Americans. This amendment is not about the value of medical research or whether Congress should support it. 
Immediately I will hear the response 
waiting now: Oh, M
CCAIN, you want to 
cut very beneficial research that helps the lives of Americans. No. No, I do not. I want it appropriated from the appropriate appropriations bill, not from defense. 
This amendment is absolutely about 
what departments and agencies of our government should be funding what kinds of medical research and specifi-cally what the proper role of the De-partment of Defense is in this work. 
Over the past 20 years, Congress has 
added billions of dollars to the Depart-ment of Defense’s medical research portfolio for disease research that has nothing to do with defense. Since 1992, Congress has appropriated almost $10 billion for medical research in the De-partment of Defense’s Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs, and only about $2.4 billion of that $10 billion was for research that could be considered in any way relevant to the military. 
To be sure, the Department of De-
fense has a proper and vital role to play in medical research that benefits the unique work of our men and women in uniform in areas such as prosthetics, traumatic brain injury, and spinal cord injury, among others. However, 
through years of congressionally di-rected spending, the DOD medical re-search program has been used to fund research on breast cancer, prostrate cancer, lung cancer, genetic disorders such as muscular dystrophy, and even mad cow disease. 
In other words, over the last 2 dec-
ades, in a time of war and fiscal chal-lenge, even despite sequestration, Con-
gress has appropriated $7.3 billion for medical research that is totally unre-lated to the military—money that the Department of Defense did not request and our military did not need. 
This graph right behind me shows the 
explosive growth that has occurred in this program since 1992. At that time, in 1992, Congress had funded one re-search project for breast cancer. Over time, that has now grown to 30 sepa-rate medical research projects funded by the Congress. Funding has increased by almost 4,000 percent, from $25 mil-lion in 1992 to almost $1 billion last year. I will repeat that for the benefit of my colleagues. Spending on medical research at DOD—nearly 75 percent of which has nothing to do with the mili-tary—has grown 4,000 percent since 1992. Even the late Senator from Alas-ka, Ted Stevens, under whose leader-ship the original funding for breast cancer was added, reversed course in 2006 because the money would be ‘‘going to medical research instead of the needs of the military.’’ 
During the floor debate on the an-
nual Defense appropriations bill, Sen-ator Stevens had this to say: 
We could not have any more money going 
out of the Defense bill to take care of med-ical research when medical research is basi-cally a function of the NIH. . . . It is not our business. I confess, I am the one who made the first mistake years ago. I am the one who suggested that we include some money for breast cancer research. It was lan-guishing at the time. . . . Since that time it has grown to $750 million . . . in the last bill we had, dealing with medical research that had nothing to do with the Department of Defense. 
My friends, when Senator Ted Ste-
vens is saying that a congressionally directed spending program has gotten out of hand, we know there is a prob-lem. Yet, despite the urgings of Sen-ator Stevens in 2006, the problem has only gotten worse since then. Last year alone Congress appropriated $971.6 mil-lion for medical research programs that the Department of Defense did not request in its budget. More than $280 million of that money was appro-priated for cancer research in the de-fense budget while six other Federal agencies spent more than $50 billion on cancer research in fiscal year 2015. 
I will put that in perspective. For the 
amount of money that Congress appro-priated for medical research last year at the Department of Defense—again, most of which had nothing to do with the military and which the Department did not request—we could have bought 12 F–18 Superhornets, 2 littoral combat ships or roughly 1 Army brigade com-bat team. My friends, in these days of seques-
tration, that is not acceptable. Once again, I am sure every Member of this body agrees that this research is vi-tally important to Americans suffering from these diseases, to the families and friends who care for them, and to all of those who know the pain and grief of losing a loved one. But this research should not be funded by the Depart-ment of Defense. It belongs in civilian departments and agencies of our gov-ernment. 
Appropriating money in this way 
only harms our national security by re-ducing the funding available for mili-tary-relevant medical research that helps protect service men and women on the battlefield and for military ca-pabilities they desperately need to per-form their missions. Furthermore, this kind of misguided spending only puts decisionmaking about medical research in the hands of lobbyists and politi-cians instead of medical experts where it belongs. 
So I say to my colleagues, what I had 
proposed and will not seek a vote on— because the result is very clear—is a commonsense amendment. It focuses the Department’s research efforts on medical research that will lead to life-saving advancements in battlefield medicine and new therapies for recov-ery and rehabilitation of servicemem-bers wounded both physically and men-tally on the battlefield. It could finally begin the long overdue process of shift-ing the hundreds of millions of dollars of nonmilitary medical research spend-ing out of the Department of Defense and into the appropriate civilian de-partments and agencies of our govern-ment. That is a change that needs to start now, and I hope my colleagues, especially my friends on the Appropria-tions Committee, will make that hap-pen. 
I want to point out again that we 
started in fiscal year 1992 with $25 mil-lion. We are now up to nearly $1 tril-lion, and I am sure that the appropri-ators have an equal or like amount that they are proposing. 
I see that my colleague from Illinois 
is here on the floor, and I know he will defend with vigor, passion, love, and every emotion he has what we are doing because of those who are suf-fering from illnesses such as breast cancer and all of the other terrible things that afflict our society. I say to my friends who will come to the floor in a high dudgeon over what I am pro-posing: I am not saying that we should cut any of these programs—not a single one. We should probably increase them. But let’s put them where they belong, and that is not in the Department of Defense. 
While I have the floor, I want to talk 
about some other issues. Former Sec-retary of Defense Bob Gates said in an interview over the weekend: 
What it feels like to me is really what the 
President said last week, which was a lack of strategy. Just adding a few hundred troops doing more of the same I think is not likely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.013 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4224 June 17, 2015 
to make much of a difference. . . . We should 
have had a strategy a year ago. . . . And we have to be willing, if we think ISIS is truly a threat to the United States and to our in-terests, we have to be willing to put Ameri-cans at risk. That’s just a fact of life. . . . [I]f the mission [President Obama] has set for the military is to degrade and destroy ISIS, the rules of engagement that he has imposed on them prevent them from achiev-ing that mission. 
I don’t know anyone who is more re-
spected by both sides of the aisle and served Presidents of both parties in key administrative positions than Sec-retary of Defense Bob Gates. Quite often, I and my friend from South Carolina, Senator G
RAHAM , are accused 
of being biased and partisan and at-tacking the President and his strate-gies in a partisan fashion. I will remind my colleagues that in 2006 Senator G
RAHAM and I called for the resigna-
tion of the Secretary of Defense, who was then in a Republican administra-tion. In 2006, we said: We are losing the war. In 2006, I had a spirited argument with then-General Dempsey—who was in charge of training the Iraqis and as-sured me everything was going fine— when I was showing him the facts when things were going to hell in a handbasket. So to somehow accuse me, Senator G
RAHAM , and others of making 
these comments about a feckless and without-foundation foreign policy that is allowing ISIS to succeed does not bear scrutiny. 
I agree with former Secretary of De-
fense Bob Gates when he says: ‘‘What it feels like to me is really what the President said last week, which was a lack of a strategy.’’ There is a lack of a strategy. 
I want to tell my colleagues that we 
will be having hearings when we get through with this bill, and we will try to figure out what the Congress and the American people should know about what is happening in the world, not just in the Middle East. 
Facts are stubborn things. The fact is 
we can knock off an ISIS or Al Qaeda leader, and we can trumpet that as a great victory and thank God that it has happened. But to think that really has a significant, long-term impact on the ability of ISIS, Al Qaeda, and other terrorist organizations to not reconsti-tute and continue their success, with occasional setbacks—which they are achieving and spreading that poison throughout the Middle East and the latest being Libya, aided and abetted in many cases by the Iranians—is obvi-ously a fact that cannot be denied. 
For example USA Today reports: 
‘‘Death of al-Qaeda leader may benefit Islamic State.’’ 
The U.S. missile strike that killed al- 
Qaeda’s No. 2 leader is another in a string of 
devastating blows to the terrorist group’s old-guard leadership that might inadvert-ently help a more brutal terror group: the Is-lamic State, analysts said. 
The Washington Post Editorial Board 
writes today: ‘‘A dangerous mission in Libya requires a firm approach.’’ 
The Washington Post editorial board, 
not known as a rightwing periodical, writes: It’s good those two militants have been 
taken off the battlefield, but their elimi-nation will not remedy the growing crises in Libya and Yemen. In that respect, the oper-ations are another example of the limited benefits of President Obama’s narrow ap-proach to counterterrorism. 
The New York Times reports today: 
‘‘As Vladimir Putin Talks More Mis-siles and Might, Cost Tells Another Story.’’ 
Reuters reports today: ‘‘China gives 
more details on South China Sea facili-ties.’’ 
This is very disturbing. I say to my 
colleagues and all of us—whether we are members of the Intelligence Com-mittee or members of the Armed Serv-ices Committee—that we must address this issue of cyber security. 
My friends, we just went through a 
long back-and-forth debate and discus-sion over whether we should restrict the kinds of telephone information and whether it be shared or not shared and who should store it and all of that. Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal re-ported on Friday: ‘‘Hackers Likely Stole Security-Clearance Information During Breach of Government Agen-cies.’’ 
Hackers who raided the U.S. government’s 
personnel office gained access to secret back-ground investigations conducted on current and former employees, senior administration officials said Friday—an ominous develop-ment in the recent threat of federal data, one of the largest in history. 
The Washington Post editorial board 
writes today: ‘‘A pathetic breach of re-sponsibility on cybersecurity.’’ 
[T]he breach of Office of Personnel Man-
agement networks this year . . . represents a failure of stewardship and a serious external threat. 
After the OPM suffered a cyberintrusion in 
2014, its director, Katherine Archuleta, asked Congress in February for $26 million in addi-tional funding for cybersecurity. She said the agency stores more personally identifi-able information than almost any other in the government, including banking data for more than 2 million people and background investigations for more than 30 million, among them individuals being considered for military enlistment, federal job appoint-ments and employment by federal contrac-tors. ‘‘It is imperative,’’ Ms. Archuleta wrote, that . . . ‘‘threats to identity theft, fi-nancial espionage, etc., are real, dynamic and must be averted.’’ They were not avert-ed. 
In April, the new breach was uncovered. In-
truders had stolen the names, Social Secu-rity numbers, pay history, health records and other data of some 4.2 million current and former federal workers. 
It seems to us that just slamming doors 
and building more firewalls may be an insuf-ficient response to an assault of this mag-nitude. An essential aspect of deterrence is the credible threat of retaliation. 
Why do I quote from that? It is be-
cause every time we ask a question as to what the policy is, whether it is strictly defensive against a cyber at-tack or whether offensive in order to prevent one, the policy has ‘‘not been determined.’’ 
I say we have to address this issue. 
First of all, we have to have an admin-istration policy or that policy some-how may be developed in the Congress, 
which is not the right way to do it, ob-viously. 
So I intend to work with Senator 
B
URR, Senator F EINSTEIN , Senator 
REED, and others in holding hearings 
and figuring out what we need to do be-cause this is a serious threat in many respects that we have faced in recent times. 
Finally, I wish to mention this: 
‘‘Former CIA Chief Says Government Data Breach Could Help China Recruit Spies.’’ 
Retired Gen. Michael Hayden, who 
once led the National Security Agency and later the Central Intelligence Agency, said the threat of millions of U.S. Government personnel records could allow China to recruit U.S. offi-cials as spies. 
The general said: 
This is a tremendously big deal. My deep-
est emotion is embarrassment. 
He said the personnel records were a 
‘‘legitimate foreign intelligence tar-get.’’ 
He continued: 
To grab the equivalent in the Chinese sys-
tem, I would not have thought twice. I would not have asked permission . . . This is not ‘‘shame on China.’’ This is ‘‘shame on us’’ for not protecting that kind of information. 
So I urge my colleagues to under-
stand that this new issue of cyber secu-rity is an area which the United States of America, in the view of many ex-perts, does not have a significant ad-vantage. It is an area where, in some respects, we may even be at a disadvan-tage, if we look at the extraordinary events that have taken place in the issue of cyber security. The latest in-formation, of course, of 4 million peo-ple has to get our attention. It has to get the attention of the administra-tion. We need to work together. I stand ready—and I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do as well— to sit down and come up with some policies and then implement those poli-cies into ways of combating this new form of warfare we call cyber. 
Again, I anticipate the comments of 
my friend from Illinois who will vigor-ously defend all of the research that is done in medical research. I wish to point out, again, that I am not in oppo-sition to one single dime of any kind of medical research. I say it is coming out of the wrong place. We cannot make a logical argument that this belongs in the Department of Defense. Some of it does, and I have pointed that out. The majority of it belongs with other agen-cies. 
When we are facing sequestration and 
when we are cutting our national secu-rity to the bone, according to our mili-tary leaders who have said that contin-ued sequestration puts the lives of the men and women who are serving in the military in danger, we cannot afford another $1 billion to be spent on med-ical research. We want the money spent on medical research. We want it spent from the right place. 
I look forward to addressing the re-
maining amendments with my col-league and friend from Rhode Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.015 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4225 June 17, 2015 
Hopefully, we can wrap up the Defense 
authorization bill sometime very soon. Then we can move on to conference and then bring the bill back after the con-ference to the floor of the Senate so we can carry out our first and most urgent responsibility; that is, the security of the Nation and men and women who defend it. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me 
say at the outset that the Senator from Arizona, although we are of opposite political faith, has been my friend and colleague for a long time—since we first were elected together in a class in the House of Representatives. Our friendship and relationship has had its peaks and valleys. I hope we are at a peak at this moment. I will concede, before I say a word about his amend-ment, that I have no question in my mind, nor should anyone, about the commitment of the Senator from Ari-zona to the men and women who show extraordinary courage in battling for the United States of America in our military. The Senator’s own personal life is a testament to his dedication to the U.S. military. I know he has brought that dedication to his service as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and in bringing this author-ization bill to the floor. 
Secondly, I don’t question his com-
mitment to medical research either. As he said, when we reach a certain stage in life, we may value it more because we realize our own vulnerabilities and the vulnerabilities of those we love. So what I am about to say is not a reflec-tion of his commitment to the military nor his commitment to basic medical research, but I do question this amend-ment, which Senator M
CCAINhas said 
he will not offer but has filed, and I have been prepared for several days now to debate. 
Here is the question: Should we have 
within the Department of Defense a medical research capacity? I think yes, and I think for obvious reasons—be-cause there are certain challenges to the men and women who serve in our military and to their families which re-late to their military service. 
Secondly, if we are going to have 
such a military research program, should politicians and lobbyists, as the Senator said, be able to pick the dis-eases and pick the research? No, of course not. That is why this appropria-tions bill, which we will consider later this week, and this authorization bill address a situation where this is done by competitive grant. In other words, if we have researchers at some hospital who are researching a medical condi-tion important to our military, we have to compete for it. It is not auto-matic. The decision is not made by Senators or Congressmen. It is made by medical professionals about which re-search makes a difference. So I think medical research is important to our military. Politicians shouldn’t pick and choose those researchers and those 
research grants; it ought to be done by professionals. 
Third, this undertaking in the De-
partment of Defense is substantial. It is about $1.8 billion for all of the dif-ferent medical research. In perspective, the funding for the National Institutes of Health is about $30 billion. This is relatively small. 
Dr. Francis Collins heads up the NIH 
and I went to him and I said: Doctor, I am working on this defense medical re-search bill; I want to make sure we don’t waste a penny. I don’t want to duplicate anything you are doing at NIH. 
He said: Trust me, we will not. We 
coordinate everything we do. What they do is complementary to our work and what we do is complimentary to their work. We are not wasting a penny. 
So I think those three things are an 
important starting point in this de-bate. Medical research is important to national defense. Politicians have no role in choosing who is going to do the medical research. Also, whatever we do is going to be coordinated with medical research at leading agencies such as the National Institutes of Health. 
There are a lot of items on this list of 
research that I think very few people would ever quarrel with. Should we have a joint warfighter medical ac-count in research? Should we have orthotics and prosthetics research for those who have lost a limb in military service? How about a military burn re-search unit, wound care research, mili-tary dental research—all of these top-ics relate to actual service. 
The only specifics which the Senator 
from Arizona raised, questioning why the Department of Defense would get involved in research, I would like to address. One item he specified is breast cancer. It is true the second largest un-dertaking for breast cancer research in America takes place at the Department of Defense. It started there—and I will be honest—I remember why. It started there because the funding through the National Institutes of Health was not reliable or predictable, and the Depart-ment of Defense made a commitment: We will make our commitment to breast cancer research. 
Is there a reason it would be in the 
Department of Defense? Even though the Senator from Arizona has raised questions about it, I wish to call his at-tention to the following: In 2013, re-searchers in the Department of Defense developed a vaccine that promises to protect women against a recurrence of breast cancer. Breast cancer is a dis-ease diagnosed in female troops at a rate 20 percent to 40 percent higher than the civilian population. I am a liberal arts lawyer, so I don’t know why. Can I figure out why more women in our military are diagnosed with breast cancer than women in our civil-ian population? I don’t know the an-swer to that, but I want to know the answer to that. I want to know if there is something—anything—environ-
mental or otherwise that our troops, and particularly women in the mili-tary, are exposed to that makes them more likely to come down with a diag-nosis of breast cancer. Is that a legiti-mate question at the Department of Defense? It is obvious it is. 
How good are these researchers if we 
put several billion dollars into breast cancer research in the Department of Defense? The researchers recently com-pleted a 10-year study of this vaccine known as E75, tested on more than 100 female soldiers recovering from breast cancer and they had a similar test group of civilian women. The research is happening within the Cancer Vaccine Development Program, an Army re-search network studying vaccines’ po-tential to fight breast, ovarian, uter-ine, and prostate cancers. 
Researchers indicated that in trials, 
the vaccine cut the risk in half that a woman’s breast cancer will return—in half. Is it worth it? Is it worth it for us, through the Department of Defense, to put money into breast cancer research when female troops have a rate of breast cancer diagnosis 20 to 40 percent higher, when these researchers are finding a vaccine which in trials is cut-ting the recurrence of breast cancer in half compared to other populations? It seems very obvious to me. 
This is not the first time the defense 
researchers in breast cancer have done extraordinary things. In 1993, defense researchers developed Herceptin, now FDA approved, and one of the most widely used drugs to fight breast can-cer—developed at the Department of Defense. Do we want to take the re-search decisions away from the re-searchers? 
The amendment which the Senator 
from Arizona offers would give the Sec-retary of Defense the last word as to whether we do this research. Now, I have known Secretaries of Defense, and they are talented individuals, but when it comes to making medical decisions about medical research, I don’t think any of them are qualified to do that. Let’s leave it in the hands of the pro-fessionals, not in the hands of politi-cians, not in the hands of political ap-pointees, and not in the hands of bu-reaucrats. 
Let me also say this: When we look 
at the list of diseases that are studied at the Department of Defense, some of them may sound odd. Lou Gehrig’s dis-ease—ALS—why would we include that on a list for Department of Defense re-search? Let me explain. Men and women who have served in the U.S. military are 60 percent more likely than civilians to develop Lou Gehrig’s disease—men and women who serve in the military. Gulf war veterans are twice as likely as the general popu-lation to develop Lou Gehrig’s disease. Should we invest money for medical re-search in the Department of Defense for Lou Gehrig’s disease? And then should we ask the basic question, Why? Why would it be more likely that one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.017 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4226 June 17, 2015 
would develop Lou Gehrig’s disease if 
one served in the U.S. military or if one was in the Gulf war? Those are le-gitimate medical questions that relate to our military. For the Senator to offer an amendment to take out any of that type of research, I think that is the wrong thing to do. 
We don’t have to speak about trau-
matic brain injury. Everybody knows what has happened. We have seen the returning veterans—roadside bombs— what they have gone through. Between 48,000 and 169,000—169,000—military servicemembers who have served and are serving in Iraq and in Afghanistan have developed post-traumatic epi-lepsy—head injuries. Post-traumatic epilepsy is a form of epilepsy resulting from traumatic brain injury. I put a provision in here for competitive grants on epilepsy and seizures for this reason: $7.5 million—we have 169,000 who are dealing with these traumatic brain injuries and dealing with seizures and epilepsy afterward. Is this a legiti-mate area of Department of Defense medical research? Absolutely. We can-not ignore the reality of what our troops have gone through and what they need when they come home. To cut out this research would be a mis-take. 
Let me also say, in 2013 alone, 100,000 
servicemembers sought treatment for seizures at our veterans hospitals. It is a serious, serious problem. 
I could go through every single ele-
ment I have here of medical research at the Department of Defense. I hope the examples I have given illustrate that men and women who serve our country face medical challenges which the ordinary civilian population may not face. I think we have a special obli-gation to them to engage in the re-search that can make their lives whole again and give them a chance to come back from our military and have a happy and full life, which we promised them. We said: If you will hold up your hand and give an oath to America that you will risk your life for our country, we will stand by you when you come home, and that includes more than a GI bill to go to school. It is more than a place to live. It is even more than basic medical care. It involves medical research. 
The final point I wish to make is 
this. This Senator will never apologize for trying to come up with more money for medical research. Never. Once every 67 seconds in America someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s in Amer-ica. When my staff told me that, I said you have to be wrong. They are not. It is once every 67 seconds. We spent $200 billion in Medicare and Medicaid on Alzheimer’s patients last year, not to mention the devastating costs to indi-vidual families who have someone they love suffering from this disease. 
We don’t have an Alzheimer’s provi-
sion. Well, we have a small Alzheimer’s provision in this particular medical re-search bill. Am I going to stand here to apologize for putting $12 million in Alz-heimer’s research? I will tell you, if we 
could delay the onset of Alzheimer’s by 1 month, by 2 months, by 6 months, God willing, if we could find a cure, we would more than pay for this medical research over and over and over again. We would spare people from the pain and suffering they go through with this disease and spare their families as well. When it comes to medical research, I will never stand and apologize for put-ting money into medical research. Every one of us has someone we love in our family facing a terrible, threat-ening, scary diagnosis and praying to God that there has been some area of research that may find a cure or a sur-gery. That is what this is about. 
I am glad the Senator has withdrawn 
his amendment. I repeat what I said at the outset. I will never ever question his commitment to our members in uniform and our veterans, nor will I question his commitment to medical research, but I will be sending him in-formation that I think demonstrates what we are doing here has a direct im-pact on military families and military veterans. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
three pages of organizations that sup-port my effort to stop this amendment. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GROUPS OPPOSING THE MCCAINAMENDMENT  
TOPROHIBIT CERTAIN TYPES OF MEDICAL  
RESEARCH PROGRAMS AT DOD 
(June 16, 2015) 
INDIVIDUAL LETTERS /GRASSROOTS ACTIVATION  
The Arc; The Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance; 
National Breast Cancer Coalition; The Amer-ican Urological Association (AUA); Alz-heimer’ s Association; Arthritis Foundation; Easter Seals. 
DEFENSE HEALTH RESEARCH CONSORTIUM SIGN - 
ON LETTER /GRASSROOTS  
ALS Association; American Association 
for Dental Research; American Association of Clinical Urologists; American Cancer So-ciety; Cancer Action Network; American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; American Dental Association; American Gastroenterological Association; American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy; American Society for Reproductive Medi-cine; American Urological Association; Aplastic Anemia & MDS International Foun-dation; Arthritis Foundation; Autism Speaks; Bladder Cancer Action Network; Breast Cancer Fund. 
Children’s Tumor Foundation; Colon Can-
cer Alliance; Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America; Cure HHT; Debbie’s Dream Foundation: Curing Stomach Cancer; Diges-tive Disease National Coalition; Epilepsy Foundation; Fight Colorectal Cancer; FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empow-ered; Foundation to Eradicate Duchenne; GBS/CIPD Foundation International; Inter-national Myeloma Foundation; Kidney Can-cer Association; LAM Foundation; Littlest Tumor Foundation; Living Beyond Breast Cancer; Lung Cancer Alliance. 
Lupus Research Institute; Lymphoma Re-
search Foundation; Malecare Cancer Sup-port; Melanoma Research Foundation; Men’s Health Network; Muscular Dystrophy Asso-ciation; National Alliance of State Prostate Cancer Coalitions; National Autism Associa-tion; National Multiple Sclerosis Society; Neurofibromatosis Network; Ovarian Cancer 
National Alliance; Pancreatic Cancer Action Network; Parent Project Muscular Dys-trophy; Parkinson’s Action Network; Phelan-McDermid Syndrome Foundation. 
Preventing Colorectal Cancer; Prostate 
Cancer Foundation; Prostate Health Edu-cation Network; Pulmonary Hypertension Association; Research!America; Scleroderma Foundation; Sleep Research Society; Society of Gastroenterology Nurses and Associates; Society of Gynecologic Oncology; Society for Women’s Health Research; Sturge-Weber Foundation; Susan G. Komen; Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance; Us TOO International Prostate Cancer Education and Support Net-work; Veterans for Common Sense; Veterans Health Council; Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica; ZERO-The End of Prostate Cancer. 
OVARIAN CANCER COMMUNITY LETTER  
Ovarian Cancer National Alliance; Ovarian 
Cancer Research Fund; Foundation for Wom-en’s Cancer; #gyncsm Community; Arkansas Ovarian Cancer Coalition; Bluegrass Ovarian Cancer Support Inc.; Bright Pink; CancerDancer; Capital Ovarian Cancer Orga-nization, Inc.; Caring Together, Inc.; Celma Mastry Ovarian Cancer Foundation; Colo-rado Ovarian Cancer Alliance; Feel Teal Club; FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered; Georgia Ovarian Cancer Alli-ance. 
GRACE’S Gynecologic Cancer Support; 
Help Keep a Sister Alive; HERA Women’s Cancer Foundation; Hope for Heather; Kalei-doscope of Hope of New Jersey; Life of Teal, Inc.; Lilies of the Valley; Lydia’s Legacy; Michigan Ovarian Cancer Alliance; Min-nesota Ovarian Cancer Alliance; NormaLeah Ovarian Cancer Foundation; Oasis of South-ern California; Ovacome USA; Ovar’Coming Together; Ovarian & Breast Cancer Alliance; Ovarian and Gynecologic Cancer Coalition/ Rhonda’s Club; Ovarian Awareness of Ken-tucky. 
Ovarian Cancer 101; Ovarian Cancer Alli-
ance of Arizona; Ovarian Cancer Alliance of California; Ovarian Cancer Alliance of Great-er Cincinnati; Ovarian Cancer Alliance of Ohio; Ovarian Cancer Alliance of Oregon and SW Washington; Ovarian Cancer Alliance of San Diego; Ovarian Cancer Coalition of Cali-fornia; Ovarian Cancer Education and Re-search Network (OCERN); Ovarian Cancer Orange County Alliance; Perspectives Asso-ciation; Sandy Rollman Ovarian Cancer Foundation; SHARE. 
Sherie Hildreth Ovarian Cancer Founda-
tion; South Carolina Ovarian Cancer Foun-dation; Sue DiNapoli Ovarian Cancer Soci-ety; Susan Poorman Blackie Ovarian Cancer Foundation; Teal Diva; Teal Tea Founda-tion; Teal Toes; Tell Every Amazing Lady About Ovarian Cancer (T.E.A.L.); The Betty Allen Ovarian Cancer Foundation; The Ju-dith Liebenthal Robinson Ovarian Cancer Foundation (Judy’s Mission); The Rose Mary Flanagan Ovarian Cancer Foundation; Turn the Towns Teal; Utah Ovarian Cancer Alli-ance; Wisconsin Ovarian Cancer Alliance; WNY Ovarian Cancer Project; Women’s and Girls Cancer Alliance; You’ll Never Walk Alone. 
Mr. DURBIN. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I, too, 
would like to speak on this National Defense Authorization Act and observe that we just, I think, had a very impor-tant exchange between the distin-guished chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee and the Senator from Illinois. They disagree on an amend-ment that will actually not be voted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.018 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4227 June 17, 2015 
on, but I was struck by the remarks of 
the Senator from Illinois and would ob-serve to my colleagues that he has made a compelling case in favor of the bill, which I appreciate, and in favor of the proposition that the President of the United States should, in fact, sign this bill. So I appreciate my colleague from Illinois pointing that out, and I hope people at the other end of Penn-sylvania Avenue, and in the Oval Office 
even, are listening to this stirring de-fense of the legislation from the Sen-ator from Illinois. 
We are indeed moving in the right di-
rection on this bill. I came to the floor last week to talk about the importance of this act. I reminded my colleagues at the time that this has always been a bipartisan matter. For some 53 years, this Senate, with people who have come long before me, has supported this particular bill on a bipartisan basis, and that is as it should be. 
I also disagreed strongly in my re-
marks last week with the remarks of the distinguished minority leader, the Senator from Nevada, who said that taking up this bill was a waste of time because the President had stated his intention to veto the bill. I made the point at that time that the success of our Nation’s premier Defense bill can never be a waste of time. Taking care of the troops, taking care of the men and women who have stepped forward as volunteers, can never be considered a waste of time. I really think that more and more of our colleagues are coming around to that conclusion. 
We have made so much progress in 
the weeks we have been dealing with this. I would remind my colleagues that we started off in the Armed Serv-ices Committee with a complete par-tisan divide. It was troubling at the time, but we have recovered from that. When we began consideration of this bill in the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, we were told that every Repub-lican would vote aye and every Demo-crat would vote no. That was definitely a concern to those who obviously know that this has to be bipartisan, that na-tional security has to be something that has the support from both sides of the aisle. 
As we worked through the process, as 
the distinguished ranking member the Senator from Rhode Island worked with the chairman of the committee Senator M
CCAIN, we gained more and 
more support for this legislation in committee. At the end of the day, only four Members of the entire committee voted no. So the vote was 22 in favor and only 4 opposed in the committee— again, moving in the right direction. 
We got to the floor last week, and we 
heard the statement that this is a waste of time. I think we are moving away from that. Indeed, yesterday we voted on cloture on the bill. I have in my hand a very encouraging vote tally of 83 Senators in favor of this bill on this motion for cloture. There were 83 in favor and only 15 opposed. 
At the beginning of my brief re-
marks, I would just say it is encour-aging to me that both at the com-
mittee level and also on the Senate floor, we are getting to where the Sen-ate has always been on this bipartisan issue, and we certainly need to. We need to authorize the best tools avail-able for our troops, the best training available for our troops, and our vet-erans, as the distinguished Senator 
from Illinois just pointed out, are in need of the support this bill gives them. In addition, our veterans are ready for much needed reforms to im-prove retirement and to improve mili-tary benefits. 
Of course, we live in a very unstable 
and insecure world. We need this bill to meet the threats that are out there. We wish they weren’t there. I wish things were better in Iraq. I wish our hard- fought gains had not been tossed away by our precipitous withdrawal, but, in fact, the situation has worsened in Iraq, and we need this bill to protect our interests there. We face old Cold War tensions with the reasserting of an aggressive Russia, in the form of Presi-dent Vladimir Putin, increasingly in-tent on restoring the Soviet Empire. We face other realities: cyber ter-rorism, the nuclear ambitions of Iran, which we heard so much about re-cently, and we need to reaffirm that the United States has a capable and strong U.S. defense. 
Let me for a brief few moments come 
home to my home State of Mississippi and say why people in my State feel so strongly about this. Of course, we have military bases from north to south in Mississippi. Our own Mississippians, as in all of our States, have stepped for-ward and are volunteering and serving capably. We also manufacture so many things in my State of Mississippi that are important for national security. We make unmanned aerial vehicles in Mis-sissippi. Some of the finest ships in the world are made on the gulf coast of Mississippi. Helicopters, radars, and other electronic war technology, all of these are manufactured in my home State. So for people in Mississippi, I think the talk of this bill—these weeks on the floor—being a waste of time does not ring true. 
A few examples: In my hometown of 
Tupelo, MS, this bill recognizes the im-portance of the Army’s Apache heli-copters and the Tupelo Army Aviation Support Facility. At Columbus Air Force Base, where over 2,000 personnel serve, this bill and the Defense appro-priations bill, which the Senator from Maryland may speak about in a few moments—these pieces of legislation allow our student pilots to have ade-quate training and adequate flying training hours. 
In Starkville, MS, the authorization 
and appropriations bills are integral to completing the Army Reserve Center for equipping and training military personnel. Along the gulf coast, these Defense bills—the authorization and the appropriations bills—would support a new Army National Guard aviation depot at the Gulfport-Biloxi Airport, as well as the continued mission of over 
11,000 Americans who work at Keesler Air Force Base. I am proud of these, and I am proud of what they do for our overall national defense of the United States. 
Mississippi is just one of many States 
to take part in this. Simply put, the fu-ture of our defense should not be put in jeopardy because of disagreements about unrealistic domestic funding issues. We can get to those issues, but defending the United States of America is something only the Federal Govern-ment can do. We can’t devolve national defense down to the States. We have to do it in this building, in this body, on this floor of the Senate. Besides, it is well worth saying and reminding my colleagues that this bill gives the President every penny he has requested for national defense. It meets the $612 billion requested by President Obama in his budget. So it really should not be partisan at all. 
I will go back to what the Senator 
from Illinois said. He made a stirring defense of this legislation, I think one that should be listened to by the Presi-dent of the United States. He should listen to the fact that we had an 83-to- 15 vote on cloture, and we had a 22-to- 4 vote in the Appropriations Com-mittee. 
We have had a few partisan flareups 
along the course of this legislation, but I think as we get to the end of the day, I am more and more encouraged about the prospect of this bill. I think we can pass it tomorrow with an over-whelming vote, which shows we are voting for it not as Republicans, not as Democrats but as Americans, because we want to defend the vital national interests of the United States of Amer-ica. 
Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Thank you very 
much. 
Mr. President, standing here listen-
ing to the debate and discussion by col-leagues on both sides of the aisle really makes the point that many of us are saying. We need a new budget agree-ment. We have people—I think we all agree on both sides of the aisle that we need to defend America. There is no doubt about that. In order to do that, we need to look at national security both in its funding for the Department of Defense, but we also need to be look-ing at what are the components to na-tional security. Many of the key agen-cies that are not in the Department of Defense are also important to the na-tional security. 
Yet, at the same time, we have de-
fense with this budget gimmick, and that is what it is. It is a budget gim-mick to avoid the caps we have on spending on both defense and discre-tionary spending. What this bill is, is a 
gimmick to have the money through something called OCO, which was meant to be a specific expense for over-seas contingency funds. It was meant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.020 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4228 June 17, 2015 
to deal with specific wars. Now it has 
been plussed-up by several millions and millions of dollars to avoid the budget caps. 
This isn’t a budget debate here. I will 
be saying more about it on the floor. But I just want to say to my col-leagues, think about national security. Yes, we do need a strong national de-fense and we do need to support our troops and we do need to support our military families. We do need to sup-port our troops. We do need to support our military families. That is what I am going to be elaborating on in a minute. But we also have to look at the other aspects. 
First of all, you need a State Depart-
ment. Part of national security is di-plomacy. You need a State Depart-ment. 
Second, in the State Department, 
you need Embassy security. If you don’t want another Benghazi, you must put money in the Federal budget to make sure we have Embassy security. You have to fund the State Depart-ment. That is in discretionary funding. 
You do not like the cyber attacks? 
We are going to have meetings, and we are going to hold hearings, and— hoorah—all of the things we should have been doing 3 to 5 years ago but were stopped on this Senate floor be-cause of concerns of the chamber of commerce that we would overregulate. 
We have a Department of Homeland 
Security. It needs to be funded. It is in discretionary spending. 
You want to have a cyber security 
workforce? Yes. They need to be trained at our great colleges and uni-versities. We need a Department of Education with the Pell Grants and so on to be able to help our people get the jobs for the 21st century so they can do the type of work we are talking about we need them to do here. 
I could go through other agencies. 
I am not here to stand up for govern-
ment agencies. I am here to stand up for America. I am here to say: Yes, we do need national security. We need to fund the Department of Defense, but we need to fund those other agencies and programs that are integral to na-tional security. That is why I think we need a new budget agreement along the lines of Ryan-Murray, and we need to end the sequester. 
I hope—and I call upon leadership on 
both sides of the aisle but particularly on the other side of the aisle: Let’s get to it now, sooner rather than later. 
I am the vice chair of the Appropria-
tions Committee and am working very closely with my esteemed colleague, the senior Senator from Mississippi, on trying to bring bills to the floor, but we simply have to come up with a new agreement. 
So we will go through a lot of par-
liamentary motions and commotion, but I am not so sure we are going to get the locomotion we need to look out for America. We cannot let our mili-tary be hollowed out. We cannot let our country be hollowed out. We need to really move ahead with this new 
agreement, and a perfect example is why I come to the floor. 
All through this debate, I have heard 
that the most important tool to a strong military is the military them-selves, the military and their families. Consistent through all, from both sides of the aisle, is that we must look out for our troops. Well, I could not agree with that more. Yet, what is it that we know in this bill, tucked away, is real-ly an erosion of one of the key earned benefits our military and their families and the retirees have—commissaries. Commissaries. 
Commissaries have been around since 
the 19th century. They have been around since 1826. Military families have been able to shop at networks of stores that provide modestly priced goods—primarily groceries—to mili-tary families and to retirees. There are 246 of them, many in our own country, many overseas, many in our country where they are only place our military can go. There are those in some other countries where they are not even looked upon and welcomed in some of these countries, even though we are there. 
So what is in this bill? Two things: 
One, let’s privatize the commissaries; the other is, let’s cut their budget by $322 million. 
I am for saving money by eliminating 
Pentagon waste, but I will tell you that no money is wasted at a com-missary. In fact, just the opposite hap-pens. The commissaries are the most popular earned benefit the military has. 
Also, this is not Senator B
ARBtalk-
ing; this is coming from the military themselves. If you listen to the Na-tional Military and Veterans Alliance, they say this: Commissary and ex-changes are a vital part of pay and compensation. The military commu-nity greatly value these benefits. The proposed cuts would dismantle the commissary benefit relied upon by shortening hours and raising prices. 
When we look at commissaries, we 
know that people shop there, they save money, and at the same time they are also a major source of employment. 
What I want to do is work with my 
colleague, the Senator from Oklahoma, a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee, Senator J
IMINHOFE . It is his 
amendment. We want to prevent the commissary privatization pilot pro-gram. I also have an additional amend-ment. I would like to restore the $322 million in cuts to commissaries. We have an offset to be able to pay for it as well. The benefits of the com-missaries are significant. That is why I want these two amendments to be of-fered. They feed our troops, they help military families stretch their budgets, and they provide jobs to military spouses and to military children old enough to work and military retirees. 
The military families tell me they 
get significant savings—sometimes as much as 30 percent—on their bill. For a family of four, that could be $4,500 per 
year. As I said, 60 percent of the com-missary workers are spouses or retirees at these commissaries. 
DOD says we want commissaries to 
be more self-sustaining. They have pro-posed cuts of more than $1 billion through 2020. They are talking about, in fiscal year 2016, cutting $322 million. Next year, they want to cut $1 billion. And they also want to look at how to privatize. 
Joining with my colleague from 
Oklahoma, the distinguished senior Senator, J
IMINHOFE —he has legislation 
to deal with the privatization. In this bill that is pending, they implement this commissary pilot plan. Well, we have heard that before. I think it is a plane without a pilot. But we do not even know if it is a good option. It was made up by Pentagon bean counters, Pentagon bean slicers who were told: Find savings. So they went after the commissaries. 
Well, the Senator from Oklahoma 
and I want to require the DOD and GAO to study the impact of privatiza-tion before a plan can be implemented. In other words, before you privatize, why don’t you study the impact? The Senator from Oklahoma is proposing that this study be due in September so that we would be able to act appro-priately in our appropriations. I sup-port him in his amendment. 
I also am looking for support in the 
cuts to commissaries. Right now, pro-posed in both the authorization and then they tried it in our appropriations bill, is a cut in the appropriations by $322 million. This means hours would 
be cut, so instead of operating 7 days a week, they would be open 5. It would raise prices in many instances by as much as 25 percent. In far-flung places such as Hawaii or Alaska, prices could even go up by as much as 50 percent be-cause of the formula being used. 
This is just not right. Of all of the 
places that we could save money, let’s not go after commissaries. Let’s not go after commissaries. They help military families and retirees stretch their budgets. For many of our young mili-tary, particularly the enlisted, the commissary is the place where they learn how to stretch their dollar. At the same time, it provides employment to military spouses, in some instances military children, and also to retirees. 
What is the problem here? We cannot 
get votes on our amendments. We can-not get a vote on the privatization issue proposed by the Senator from Oklahoma, and I cannot get a vote on my amendment to restore the $322 mil-lion. 
I know the leadership is now meeting 
on how to wrap up this bill. Well, I don’t want to wrap up this bill. I think that what we need to do is to be able to vote on these two amendments. 
We have had all kinds of amend-
ments. We had one on the sage-grouse. I know the sage-grouse is a protected species. As an appropriator, I had to deal with this as a rider on the appro-priations bills. So I am not against the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.021 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4229 June 17, 2015 
sage-grouse. I am not against talking 
about the sage-grouse. But why, with all of the problems facing America, do we need a sage-grouse amendment on defense when I cannot get a vote on protecting commissaries, protecting an earned benefit of our military, helping them stretch their dollar, and making sure some of them have a chance to work on a military base? Why can’t I 
get an amendment? Why can’t the dis-tinguished Senator from Oklahoma get a vote on his amendment that would call for a halt to the privatization pilot until we get a study from GAO on im-pact? So you can stand up for the sage- grouse, but I will tell you that I am standing up for military families. 
I urge the leadership at the highest 
level and the leadership moving this authorization to give Inhofe-Mikulski privatization of commissaries a vote and give me a chance to offer my amendment. Let the Senate decide. Let’s not have me stopped and stymied because of parliamentary procedure. 
You might say—and to everybody lis-
tening—well, B
ARBARA , you are pretty 
outspoken. You are not shy. Why can’t you offer your amendment? 
Under the rules of the body we are 
now operating under, I have to get con-sent. That means all 99 other Senators should not object to me offering an amendment. Well, I am stuck. So what I need is for the leadership to give me the consent to at least have my amend-ment discussed and debated in the light of day. I want to hear their justifica-tion why they have to go after com-missaries. Let’s stand united. Let’s get a new budget agreement. Let me offer our amendment. 
We should not be fighting with each 
other over these things. Instead of going after commissaries, let’s go after the bad guys in the world and let’s do it in a united way. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
3RD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA PROGRAM  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to mark the third anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals Program, which was this week. Since 2012, the program the President implemented, which has been known as DACA, has offered temporary relief from deportation to immigrants who arrived in the United States as young children. It has helped almost 665,000 young people since June of 2012, includ-ing more than 10,000 in Virginia. The DACA Program announced by the President has allowed young people to contribute to our communities, live without constant fear of deportation, keep families together, and provide economic and educational opportuni-ties for these young recipients. 
I want to thank President Obama and 
the administration because DACA has provided relief to thousands of young-sters who seek only to pursue oppor-tunity, provide for their families, and contribute to the only place they have ever known as home—the United States. Immigrants are not the only ones 
who benefit. DACA enforces the uni-versal reputation of this country that we are proud of, that we value our im-migrant heritage and we embrace and celebrate their contributions to Amer-ican history, industry, and culture. This is a value which is something we feel very deeply in Virginia. We feel it more every day. 
When I was born in 1958, 1 out of 100 
Virginians had been born in another country. Today, in 2015, one out of nine Virginians was born in another coun-try. That period coincides with the moving of the Virginia economy from bottom quarter per capita income to top quarter. Immigration and the con-tributions of immigrants to our State have been tremendously positive. 
More than 10,000 youngsters in Vir-
ginia have benefited by DACA. We are 13th among all States. Let me just tell you two quick stories. 
Hareth Andrade exemplifies what 
DACA recipients, if given the oppor-tunity, can give back to their commu-nities. Hareth arrived in the United States from Bolivia, brought by adults. She arrived without her parents. She excelled in school. She attended Wash-ington-Lee High School right here in Arlington. She took advanced place-ment and international baccalaureate classes. 
During a campus visit as she grad-
uated, she learned for the first time that her undocumented status would be a barrier to earning a college edu-cation. But instead of giving up on her dream, she organized with other stu-dents to form DREAMers of Virginia, an organization that has led efforts to provide students access to instate tui-tion and college admission for kids just like her. 
After the President announced the 
DACA Program in June of 2012, Hareth became a recipient, and she has since transferred from community college to Trinity Washington University, where she expects to graduate with a degree in international affairs next year. 
Another student, Jung Bin Cho, also 
has seen doors open to him because of DACA, doors to educational opportuni-ties such as the fine institution of Vir-ginia Tech, where he now attends. Cho arrived in the United States with his parents from South Korea when he was 7 years old. He attended elementary school and graduated high school in Springfield, VA, where he played on the defensive line for the football team. 
His dream—a lot of Virginians have 
this dream—was attending Virginia Tech, and he gained admission to the school. But at the same time he first realized that his undocumented status eliminated him from instate tuition or any financial aid. Because he couldn’t afford it, he attended community col-lege and worked two jobs to support himself. But following DACA and the decision last year to grant instate tui-tion to young Virginians—a decision for which I applaud our Governor and general assembly—Cho reapplied to 
Virginia Tech, won admission, and he now is able to attend Virginia Tech, where he will pursue a degree in busi-ness and hopefully participate in this great expansion of the Virginia econ-omy that so many of our immigrants have been proud to lead. 
For young people such as Hareth and 
Cho, DACA makes sense. Both came here as young children. They didn’t come here on their open volition; they were brought here. They only know Virginia as home, and they seek to study, work, and build a life in this country. As proud Virginians, they want to return the opportunities af-forded to them by using their talents 
to improve their communities and making it a better place for everybody. 
In addition to the humanitarian as-
pect, as you heard, these talented stu-dents are the kinds of people who ac-celerate our economy. DACA is good for our economy, too. So I strongly support its continuation, but I also wish to encourage my colleagues—and I think we all agree, Democrat, Repub-lican, Independent—we all agree this program is best not by Executive order but by legislation. 
We are now almost exactly 2 years 
from the date when the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform on this floor in June of 2013. For 2 years, after a strong bipartisan effort, we have waited for action—any action—by the House, not just taking up our bill but doing their own bill and then, in a conference, finding a compromise, which we can do. 
It is time that the House act. It is 
time that the Senate and the House sit down together and do comprehensive immigration reform. We can give DREAMers and millions of other fami-lies who continue to live in the shad-ows an earned pathway to citizenship. It is time to pass that reform. It is in the best traditions of our Nation and in the best value traditions of my Com-monwealth that we do so. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The majority whip. 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, after 
the Senate concludes its work on the Defense authorization bill tomorrow—a very important part of our responsi-bility—we will then move to consider the Defense Appropriations Act. This actually is the legislation that will pay the bills for the Department of Defense and make sure our men and women in uniform get the resources they need in order to do their job, not to mention their pay, which is why it is so dis-turbing to see the leadership of our mi-nority in the Senate announce in the papers here in Washington that they are going to begin what they call a fili-buster summer. In other words, they are going to use the power they have as the minority to block important fund-ing bills, beginning with the bill that pays for our national security, in what can only be called a cheap political stunt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.023 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4230 June 17, 2015 
Why they have decided to do that on 
this important Defense appropriations bill is, frankly, beyond me. I think I understand what their general point is, which is they don’t think the Federal Government spends enough money, and so they want to spend more money, and they have no concern whatsoever for the fact that under this administra-tion, we have raised the national debt by trillions of dollars, making sure that my generation will not end up having to pay that money back, but the next generation will unless we meet our responsibilities. 
So for them to pull this kind of polit-
ical stunt and say ‘‘You know what, we are not spending enough money, we are not incurring enough debt, and so we are going to force a filibuster on the Defense appropriations bill’’ in order to extort more spending, more debt, more irresponsibility—the bill our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are pledging to filibuster is not con-troversial in itself because it would, as I said, provide for our military and would help our troops maintain their status as the greatest military in the world. It also includes simple initia-tives that make a lot of sense and serve our troops well, such as giving the men and women who wear the uniform a modest pay raise. Yet the Democratic leader still plans to block this legisla-tion and stymie this Chamber’s efforts to fund our troops. 
We saw a little glimpse of this last 
week when Senate Democrats, with the exception of seven, blocked us moving an amendment to deal with cyber secu-rity. We saw that their timing could not have been worse because, of course, then it was announced that millions of records at the Office of Personnel Man-agement had been hacked by the Chi-nese Government and some of the most sensitive security clearance back-ground records were now in their hands—a dramatic act of counterintel-ligence and espionage. 
Then, when we offered an amendment 
to the Defense authorization bill that would deal with cyber security, would allow more information sharing, would allow lawsuit protection for those who shared information in order to protect the privacy and the information of American citizens, it was blocked by all but seven Democrats on the other side. 
So while I have been by and large en-
couraged by this new Congress and what we have been able to accomplish together in a bipartisan way, I think there are some very troubling signs on the horizon, starting with this ill-con-sidered idea of filibuster summer, throwing a temper tantrum until you can get more money that we don’t have to spend on your pet projects. But I think their decision to hold Defense ap-propriations bill hostage is just inex-cusable. This is the essential funding for our military, for national security. 
I should point out, as my colleagues 
across the aisle use this bill as leverage to spend more taxpayer dollars on things like the IRS, not long ago they 
vocally opposed the obstructionist tac-tics they are now employing. Here are the words of the Democratic leader, Senator H
ARRY REID, in 2013. He said: 
‘‘It’s time to get back to setting fiscal policy through the regular order... rather than through hostage 
taking.’’ I agreed with his comments then, and I wish he would act consist-ently with those words today. 
The American people aren’t served 
well by these kinds of manufactured crises and threats to cut off funding for our troops. And that is why the new Republican Senate, under Majority Leader M
CCONNELL , has prioritized and 
restored the kind of regular order that Senator R
EIDtalked about in 2013. Fi-
nally, the Congress and the Senate are actually getting back to work on a bi-partisan basis. 
As I have said, we have had some 
signs of progress. I know Majority Leader M
CCONNELL likes to quote 
Woody Hayes from Ohio State when he talks about the nature of the progress we have made. He said: ‘‘Three yards and a cloud of dust.’’ I like to think of it more as a baseball analogy of singles and an occasional double. But you get the basic point. We are actually begin-ning to make some progress, and that is why I find so troubling these signs of filibuster summer and this announce-ment by our Democratic friends. 
We have done our best after this last 
election, after the American people en-trusted us with the majority of the House and the Senate, to deliver on our promises. We have held more rollcall votes on amendments in the past 5 months than the minority leader, as the Democratic leader, allowed in the entire year when they were under con-trol—more rollcall votes on amend-ments in the last 5 months than Demo-crats allowed in an entire year when they were in control. 
The truth is that our Democratic col-
leagues, I think, like it better, too, be-cause not only was the minority—Re-publicans—shut out when Senator R
EID 
was majority leader, he shut out Mem-bers of his own party, the majority party. Now, how you explain that back home, I am not too clear. 
But it is not only Senator R
EIDwho 
has made this commitment to restor-ing regular order and eschewing this idea of hostage taking, which now they are talking about doing. 
Here are the comments of one other 
member of their Senate leadership, the Senator from Washington, Ms. M
UR-
RAY. In 2013, she said the American 
people had no patience for ‘‘politicians holding the economy and the Federal Government hostage to extract conces-sions or score political points.’’ 
I agree with her, and I agreed with 
Senator R
EIDin 2013, but these are the 
exact same Democratic leaders who are now today threatening the same sort of hostage taking they condemned in 2013. 
Well, I like to point out that the leg-
islation we are considering, the De-fense appropriations bill, is not a par-tisan bill. In fact, it was voted out of 
committee last week by a vote of 27 to 3. This is not a partisan bill, so why they should decide to hold this hostage is beyond me. 
All but three Democrats supported 
the defense spending measure in com-mittee last week. But, unfortunately— and defying logic—some Democrats have publicly admitted to supporting the text of the bill while vowing to do everything they could to keep it from advancing on the floor of the Senate. 
Just one example is the junior Sen-
ator from Connecticut, who hailed the bill’s passage—this is the Defense ap-propriations bill in committee— through the committee as a ‘‘victory for Connecticut’’—I am sure there was a press release to go along with that back home—only to go on and say he would go along with the ill-fated strat-egy to vote no to actually block the bill from being considered on the floor. 
The American people are very smart, 
and they can identify hypocrisy when they see it. When a Senator says, ‘‘I am going to vote for the bill in committee, but I am going to vote against it on the floor because that is what my leader-ship tells me I have to do in order to extract more spending and impose more debt on the American people in future generations,’’ the American peo-ple get it once it is pointed out to them. 
So this is all about gamesmanship. 
This is not about responsible legis-lating, and it is not why the American people sent us here. 
I can only hope, being the optimist 
that I am, that our colleagues on the other side will reconsider this stated strategy of filibuster summer. What a mistake that is. What an unsustainable position when they have to go home over the Fourth of July and tell the veterans, tell the Active-Duty military in their State: Yes, I voted to kill the bill that would pay your salary and provide you the tools you need in order to succeed in your commitment to keeping America safe. 
I just don’t know how you sustain 
that position. 
So I would encourage our colleagues 
from across the aisle to remember that filibuster summer is a bad idea and that it is not good for the American people. It irresponsibly signals to our troops that some Members of the Sen-ate are not fully behind them. 
So let’s continue to working produc-
tively. We have done it on hard pieces of legislation, most recently on the trade legislation we passed out of the Senate with a strong bipartisan vote. Let’s continue to work together pro-ductively in a way that serves the American people and not resort to the sort of political maneuvers that I don’t think reflect well on us and on the Sen-ate as an institution but, more fun-damentally, undermine the men and women who wear the uniform of the U.S. military. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.024 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4231 June 17, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF DACA PROGRAM  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise 
to acknowledge the third anniversary of the Deferred Action For Childhood Arrivals—the DACA Program—as many of my colleagues have over the past few days. 
The DACA Program was created be-
cause our government faced an imprac-tical mandate to deport hundreds of thousands of undocumented children who pose no risk to society. Congress, thus far, has been unable to solve the problem. Despite the very good bipar-tisan efforts that occurred in this body back in 2013, we have been unable to pass any meaningful immigration re-form. Why? Well, a group from the far right in the House of Representatives oppose immigration reform at all costs and have sort of tied Speaker B
OEHNER  
into knots so he can’t bring anything to the floor. 
So 3 years ago, with no choice, Presi-
dent Obama moved forward on his own to shield children who were brought to this country through no fault of their own. They were brought by their par-ents when they were very young, most of them; children who have lived here for many years and know no other country as their own, children who are in our school system and dreaming of getting a college degree in America. 
The President created DACA, a tem-
porary program modeled on the DREAM Act, which is a vital compo-nent of comprehensive immigration re-form. As I said, we couldn’t get immi-gration reform, unfortunately. That would have been the best way to go, and I am still hopeful that will happen at some point in time. But doing what the President did was the humane and practical thing to do because the House couldn’t do anything. What choice was there? Leave these kids here through no fault of their own in total limbo? That was not the right thing to do. So we hope this is a policy Congress will implement into law at some point, but right now, of course, as I mentioned, the House is hog-tied. 
In the 3 short years since its incep-
tion, the DACA Program has deferred deportations for over one-half million young DREAMers. In New York, nearly 34,000 have been approved for DACA. Of those 34,000, there is a girl named Kirssy Martinez from New York City. Kirssy came to our country from the Dominican Republic in 2002, and she at-tended high school in New York City. 
After graduating, Kirssy lived in the 
shadows, working small jobs here and there as a waitress, a babysitter, what-ever she could do to make ends meet. She was a good student coming out of high school. She even had a few schol-arship offers but couldn’t attend col-
lege because she didn’t have a green card and, moreover, she didn’t have the means to afford a college education. 
In 2012, Kirssy was one of the first to 
sign up for DACA. With her new tem-porary legal status, she was able to en-roll in Bronx Community College. She got loans to pay for her first semester. She had to drop out once the loans ran out. She scraped together more funding from TheDream.US scholarship that provides tuition assistance to DREAM-ers at CUNY schools. 
Now Kirssy is 26 years old. I met her 
at her graduation at Bronx Community College. She was covaledictorian of her class with a perfect 4.0 average. 
These are the kinds of kids we are 
talking about. They want to be Ameri-cans. They want to get out of the shad-ows. They want to live productive, full lives. They do not want a handout. They want to be able to be on their own. That is what Kirssy did. I met her, and I was so proud of her. 
Kirssy has realized a DREAMers 
dream because of both her hard work and the President’s DACA Program, which helped bring her out of the shad-ows. There are many more in New York and around the country just like her. 
The sad truth is that instead of har-
nessing the potential and the contribu-tions these young people could make, instead of welcoming them as full- fledged members of our society, the Re-publican majority in the House of Rep-resentatives voted to repeal the DACA Program. With these votes, House Re-publicans have made it clear they want to deport these DREAMers. 
Many of the DREAMers have a sib-
ling who may have been born in the United States and is a citizen of the United States or a parent who may have a green card. House Republicans have no qualms about tearing these families apart. They have no qualms what it could cost us as a nation to lose these young people. 
If you look at the workforce in Amer-
ica, it is different than Europe in that we do have enough young people who want to work to help support those who are in retirement or on dis-ability—but not if our House Repub-licans have their way. 
In my home State of New York, 
DREAMers like Kirssy are doing amaz-ing things. They are studying medi-cine, they are working at startup tech companies and more. If Republicans in the House have their way, these tal-ented people would be putting their skills to use to compete against us rather than working to make America stronger. 
Like the millions who came here be-
fore them—like the ancestors of our Presiding Officer and my ancestors— they came here because they want to be Americans, not because they want to get a benefit, not because they want to be a leach on society. They want to be a full-fledged, productive member of society. Somehow these folks in the House—and I don’t even know if they know who these kids are—want to stop 
that from happening. 
As we recognize this anniversary, we 
should remember the real human sto-ries behind the DACA Program and think how our Nation could be made better by sensible immigration reform now. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL ALZHEIMER ’S AND BRAIN AWARENESS  
MONTH  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing June as National Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Every 67 seconds someone in our country devel-ops Alzheimer’s disease. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Yet it is the only disease in the top 10 that cannot yet be prevented, cured or slowed. 
Of the 5.3 million Americans with 
Alzheimer’s disease, 5.1 million are 65 and older, accounting for 96 percent of the diagnosed population. By 2050, the number of people 65 and older with Alz-heimer’s disease may nearly triple from 5.1 million to an estimated 13.8 million Americans. The disease will take the lives of an estimated 700,000 seniors in the United States this year, and that number is rapidly rising. 
While deaths from other major 
causes have decreased in this country, deaths from Alzheimer’s disease have increased significantly. Between 2000 and 2013, deaths attributed to Alz-heimer’s disease increased 71 percent, while deaths attributed to heart dis-ease, the No. 1 cause of death in the United States, decreased by 14 percent. 
This devastating disease is also one 
of our country’s most expensive dis-eases. Nearly one in every five Medi-care dollars is spent on people with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. Un-less something is done, by 2050 it will be $1 out of every $3. We cannot afford to overlook Alzheimer’s disease. Both the human cost and the cost to our health care system are simply too great. We must invest more in research to develop treatments to prevent or delay the progression of Alzheimer’s disease and ultimately to find a cure. 
Of all the statistics and data regard-
ing Alzheimer’s disease, perhaps the most upsetting is the immense gap be-tween the amount we spend on Alz-heimer’s research and the cost of car-ing for those with Alzheimer’s disease. 
In 2014, the total cost of Alzheimer’s 
was $214 billion, including $150 billion to Medicare and Medicaid. During that same year, the National Institutes of Health invested only one-quarter of 1 percent of that amount—$566 million— in Alzheimer’s research. This year, cancer research will be allocated an es-timated $5.4 billion in Federal funds and heart disease will get $1.2 billion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.025 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4232 June 17, 2015 
while Alzheimer’s and other dementias 
will receive a fraction of that, at $586 million. Simply put, it is imperative we provide NIH with robust and sus-tained funding, which will allow it to support Alzheimer’s research that is so desperately needed. 
Let me make it clear. I strongly sup-
port the research dollars going into cancer and would like to see more funds put into it. I strongly support the amount of funds we are putting into heart disease and would like to see more funds put in. I know there is bi-partisan support in this Congress to in-crease the pie that NIH has—the funds NIH has—because we understand it ad-vances the humanitarian need in our country to find the answers to cures for diseases but also creates good jobs. We need to dramatically increase the amount of resources that we make available for Alzheimer’s research. 
We must also support innovative, evi-
dence-based models to address the needs of those currently living with Alzheimer’s disease and their family caregivers. I am proud to tell you about the Maximizing Independence at Home—or MIND at Home Program—de-veloped at Johns Hopkins in my home State of Maryland. 
In the MIND at Home Program, an 
interdisciplinary team provides home- based assessments, care coordination and support to individuals with Alz-heimer’s disease and other dementias, allowing them to remain in their homes longer, improving their quality of life, and supporting their family caregivers. 
During an 18-month pilot project, the 
MIND at Home Program helped partici-pants stay safely in their homes for an average of 9
1⁄2months longer than 
would have been otherwise possible, while also improving their quality of life. 
We have an opportunity to improve 
the lives of millions of Americans suf-fering from Alzheimer’s, and the lives of their family members, by building on the success of programs such as MIND at Home. This June, in honor of National Alzheimer’s and Brain Aware-ness Month, let us pledge to provide ro-bust, sustained funding for NIH, so it can support much needed research on this devastating disease, and let us pledge to support innovative programs such as MIND at Home to improve the quality of life of those currently living with Alzheimer’s and their family care-givers. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
today is my 103rd time coming to the floor to ask my colleagues to wake up to the urgent problem of climate change. Pretty much everyone is telling us 
climate change is a problem. First of all, there are the scientists, virtually every major scientific society and agency. Then there are our military and national security leaders, leading American companies, doctors, and faith leaders who are all telling us this is a problem and asking us to wake up. 
The American people understand cli-
mate change is real. Nearly 80 percent think that doing nothing to reduce fu-ture warming will cause a very serious or somewhat serious problem for the United States. Two-thirds of Ameri-cans, including half of Republicans, favor government action to reduce global warming, and two-thirds, includ-ing half of Republicans, would be more likely to vote for a candidate who cam-paigns on fighting climate change. 
I have visited with voters in early 
primary States, with people in Iowa, in New Hampshire, and in South Caro-lina—business owners, teachers, com-munity leaders, and elected officials. There will be no avoiding this issue in the 2016 election. 
So we might expect Republican Pres-
idential hopefuls to present to the vot-ers their plans for climate action. We might expect the Republican can-didates to address this problem in an honest and straightforward manner. But we would be wrong. 
Republican Presidential candidates 
who venerate our military turn deaf when that military warns of climate change’s national security dangers. Re-publican Presidential candidates who are conspicuously religious ignore Pope Francis and other religious lead-ers when they warn of the fundamental indecency of not addressing climate change. Republican Presidential can-didates who seek to represent our cor-porate elite ignore those corporations’ own business case for addressing cli-mate change. And Republican can-didates who root boisterously for their home State university sport teams ig-nore the climate change warnings of scientists and researchers at those very same universities. The Republican Presidential primary is a festival of climate denial, with candidates com-peting to tie themselves in knots to avoid acknowledging carbon pollution. 
A few even subscribe to the big hoax 
theory. One candidate wrote in his book that climate science is based on ‘‘doctored data’’ and that ‘‘it’s all one contrived phony mess that is falling apart under its own weight.’’ Another even claims to know who is behind the hoax. He said: ‘‘The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manu-facturing noncompetitive.’’ Wow, he got to the bottom of that. ‘‘This very expensive global warming’’—I will de-lete the word since this is the Senate floor—‘‘has got to stop. Our planet is freezing,’’ the same candidate wrote last winter. 
Then there is the ‘‘who knows’’ cau-
cus. One Republican hopeful seems to think we don’t really know one way or the other. ‘‘We may be warming, we 
may be cooling,’’ he says. Another has said that people who are concerned about climate change ‘‘don’t like to look at the actual facts and data.’’ Now there is a really perverse piece of rhet-oric, because what do the actual facts and data show? The data show that the amount of carbon in the Earth’s atmos-phere has risen dramatically, since the onset of the industrial revolution just over a century ago, to the highest lev-els mankind has ever experienced and the highest levels Earth has experi-enced in at least 800,000 years. It is a fact of basic science that carbon diox-ide traps heat and alters the climate. That has been known since the days of President Abraham Lincoln. The data match and show decades of increase in global temperature. The scientists we pay to know these things say that warming of the climate is ‘‘unequivo-cal.’’ The ocean is warming. Sea levels are rising. Ocean water is growing more acidic. We measure all of that. It is not theory. Those are the facts. 
At least two candidates, by the way, 
have compared those who accept the established science of climate change to people who believe the Earth is flat. That is particularly rich when we con-sider that NASA scientists are among the strongest and most articulate pro-ponents of the science of climate change. Do we really think that NASA scientists believe the world is flat? Do we think the scientists who launched a rover through space, landed it safely on the surface of Mars, and are now driv-ing it around are confused about the circular nature of the Earth? 
Then there is the ‘‘always changing’’ 
crowd. One Republican Presidential hopeful says: 
[T]he climate is changing. I don’t think 
the science is clear on what percentage is manmade. . . . And for the people to say the science is decided on this is just really arro-gant. 
Actually, it is just really factual. 
‘‘[T]here’s never been a moment 
where the climate is not changing,’’ another candidate observed. ‘‘The ques-tion is: What percent of that is . . . due to human activity?’’ 
Well, the links of climate change to 
human activity are something that sci-entists have studied extraordinarily closely. According to the leading sci-entific body on climate change, the best estimate is that pretty much all of the recent rise was due to human activ-ity. The lead scientific organization says greenhouse gas emissions, along with human activity, ‘‘are extremely likely to have been the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid- 20th century.’’ And, by the way, ‘‘ex-tremely likely’’ is defined in that docu-ment as 95 to 100 percent certainty. 
So this gaggle of Republican Presi-
dential hopefuls is willing to take the ‘‘worse than 1 in 20’’ bet that human activity is not the dominant cause of recent climate change. Or, as another Republican candidate put it, ‘‘the con-clusions you make from that are not conclusive’’—whatever that means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.027 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4233 June 17, 2015 
Then, of course, there is this: ‘‘I’m 
not a scientist.’’ At least three of the declared Republican candidates have used that line. Imagine if Congress an-swered other policy questions that way. What is your position on abor-tion? Oh, I am not a gynecologist. What should we do about health care? Oh, I am not a medical doctor. 
We are not expected to be experts. We 
are expected to listen to the experts and to make conscientious, informed, and prudent decisions—and, oh, are we failing that test. 
There are even Republican can-
didates for President who in this Amer-ican century would abdicate American leadership on the climate crisis. ‘‘Is there anything the United States can do about it?’’ one of the Republican candidates asked. ‘‘Clearly, no’’—re-ducing greenhouse gas emissions ‘‘will have zero impact,’’ he said, on climate change. Another candidate said: ‘‘A single nation acting alone can make no difference at all.’’ I would love to hear Winston Churchill and Franklin Roo-sevelt conversing about whether Amer-ica can make a difference. 
Last week the senior Senator from 
Oklahoma, whose skepticism about cli-mate change is well documented, was the keynote speaker at the climate de-nial conference of a creepy outfit called the Heartland Institute. Here is what he told them—and by the way, when I say ‘‘creepy,’’ they are the group that put up a billboard com-paring climate scientists to the Unabomber—pretty responsible stuff. ‘‘If you look at the Republican can-didates,’’ he assured the attendees at that forum, ‘‘they’re all denying this stuff, with the exception of L
INDSEY  
GRAHAM . . . . They’re all with the peo-
ple in this room’’—quite a room to want to be with. 
I am glad that our colleague from 
South Carolina, Senator G
RAHAM , has 
called for reducing carbon pollution with smart probusiness policies. He has lit a path for other Republican col-leagues to follow, and he is not the only one on this path. Prominent con-servative thinkers and former adminis-tration officials from Nixon, Reagan, and both Bush administrations have voiced support for putting a fee on car-bon emissions. Prominent conserv-atives and libertarians think that we can put a price on carbon, relieve taxes on profits and work, and come out eco-nomically for the better. Even setting aside the environmental and climate benefit, just economically, that is a win. 
So I offered a carbon fee bill last 
week with our colleague Senator S
CHATZ , what one conservative called 
an ‘‘olive limb’’—doing better than just an olive branch—to conservatives who are ready to address this problem. 
So L
INDSEY GRAHAM has articulated 
one path. There is a different, darker path. It is the path of obedience to fos-sil fuel interests. The fossil fuel compa-nies, their super PAC allies, and their front groups swing a heavy financial club, and they want to herd Republican 
candidates down the darker path. Americans for Prosperity, part of the Koch brothers-backed political ma-chine, plans on spending $900 million in the 2016 election cycle—$900 million. Its president, Tim Phillips, threatened publicly that any Republican candidate in the 2016 Presidential campaign who supported climate action ‘‘would be at a severe disadvantage in the Repub-lican nomination process.’’ Gee, what might candidates conclude from that? And that is just one part of the fossil fuel political machine. 
So I ask myself: Why are there all of 
those preposterous statements by the Republican Presidential candidates? The only conclusion I can reach is to signal that very obedience. We are now at the stage in the Republican Presi-dential primary where candidates caper and grovel before the fossil fuel indus-try’s political machine, hoping they will be the chosen beneficiaries of fos-sil fuel election spending. Remember that there is $900 million from just one group. It looks like that earns the in-dustry a lot of groveling and capering. 
Eventually, the Republican Party is 
going to have to find its true voice on climate change. It can’t continue in-definitely as the political arm of the fossil fuel industry in an environment in which 80 percent of Americans want climate action and a majority of young Republicans think that climate denial is ignorant, out of touch or crazy, ac-cording to the words they selected in the poll. Ultimately, the Republican Party is going to have to find its true voice. Until then, America is presented the unseemly spectacle of Republican Presidential candidates fighting to have the best position on climate change that money can buy. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor again to speak about Iran as we count down to the deadline for an agreement about Iran’s illusive-ness when it comes to the military di-mensions of their program and how they respond to that in any agreement. The truth, as it has always been, is il-lusive, and it remains so. 
Yesterday, Secretary of State Kerry 
said—in response to a question about whether Iran’s atomic work by the Ira-nian military would have to be re-solved before sanctions would be lift-ed—that we are not fixated on Iran spe-cifically accounting for what they did at one point or another. What we are concerned about is going forward. Given Iran’s history of deception, I 
am very concerned about what they did ‘‘at one point or another.’’ 
In an Iran task force memo on verifi-
cation, it says that ‘‘until Iran pro-vides a full accounting of its past and present possible military dimension ac-tivities, the international community cannot have confidence that it knows either how far Iran is along the path to nuclear weapons or that Iran’s nuclear weapons activities have effectively ceased.’’ 
David Albright—who has appeared 
before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and whom I called many times when I was the chairman and still do—is the founder of the Institute for Science and International Security. Mr. Albright said the Secretary’s re-marks were ‘‘very worrisome.’’ He said that they reflect what he sees as the administration’s long practice of offer-ing concessions to Iran. He said: ‘‘Whenever confronted with Iranian in-transigence. . . . It’s going to be hard for a lot of people to support this deal if they give in on past military dimen-sions.’’ 
He also said: 
Addressing the International Atomic En-
ergy Administration’s concerns about the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear pro-grams is fundamental to any long-term agreement. . . . An agreement that sidesteps the military issues would risk being unveri-fiable. Moreover, the world would not be so concerned if Iran had never conducted weaponization activities aimed at building a nuclear weapon. 
Speaking of the possible military di-
mensions of Iran’s program, the former Deputy Director General of the Inter-national Atomic Energy Administra-tion, Olli Heinonen, said: 
Without addressing those questions . . . 
the IAEA Secretariat will not be able to come to a conclusion that all nuclear mate-rial in Iran is in peaceful use, which is essen-tial in building confidence of the inter-national community over Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. A comprehensive deal—that would in-clude uranium enrichment—can only be reached if uncertainties over Iran’s military nuclear capability are credibly addressed. . . . That should be an unambiguous condi-tion to achieving a final accord that is mean-ingful in safeguards terms. 
Now, this is the former Deputy Direc-
tor General of the International Atom-ic Energy Administration, whom we hear overwhelmingly under the pro-posed agreements saying this is the en-tity that will be responsible for the verification of any potential agree-ment. 
Well, his experience says that with-
out understanding the weaponization elements of Iran’s program, you can’t fully be able to do that. He also warned that outsiders really can have no idea where and how fast the mullahs could build a nuclear weapon unless they know what Iranian engineers have done in the past. 
As to Secretary Kerry’s assertion 
yesterday that we know what their program was—and he said it, as I read it, almost as unequivocal that we know what their program was. Well, I get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.029 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4234 June 17, 2015 
concerned when I read the former Di-
rector of the CIA, Gen. Michael Hay-den, who has said not addressing the possible military dimensions ‘‘creates an increased burden on verification if I don’t have high confidence in where the Iranians actually are, not such as fissile material development, but in their weaponization program. . . . we do have intelligence estimates, but they remain estimates.’’ 
They remain estimates. 
[F]or a country that says ‘‘that’s not our 
objective,’’ they refuse to come clean on their past. . . . How can we know their in-tent, how can we know their capacity for breakout or sneak out, without high con-fidence in where it is they are right now? 
He also said in reference to Secretary 
Kerry’s remarks: 
I’d like to see the DNI or any intelligence 
office repeat that word for me. They won’t. What he is saying is that we don’t care how far they’ve gotten with weaponization. We’re betting the farm on our ability to limit the production of fissile material. He’s pre-tending we have perfect knowledge about something that was an incredibly tough in-telligence target while I was director and I see nothing that has made it any easier. 
This is the former Director of the 
CIA, supposedly where we have all of this knowledge. This is his expression of what we have or don’t have. Clearly, basically what he is saying is we have estimates, but they are just that, esti-mates. 
I am very concerned when the Sec-
retary of State says that we are pre-pared to ease sanctions on Iran without fully understanding how far Iran pro-gressed on its secret nuclear weapons program. It has been a fundamental question from the very beginning of these negotiations. It was made very clear in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and other venues where Members asked about would Iran have to come clean on its possible dimensions of its mili-tarization of its weapons program and would that have to be upfront. That was always an understanding, almost like a red line. Now that seems to be erased. 
It has been a fundamental question 
to which we need—not just want—a full and verifiable answer. This is not just about Iran making some admission. That is beyond. I think the world has acted the way it has acted with the sanctions from the U.N. Security Coun-cil and elsewhere because it knows Iran was pursuing weaponization of its nu-clear program. It is just that we don’t know how far they got in that process, and how far they got in that process is important to know as we are deter-mining the other elements of any agreement, particularly with breakout. That has been the case as long as I have been working to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. 
Now, the Secretary of State says we 
are prepared to ease economic sanc-tions without a full and comprehensive answer to that question. He says Iran’s past suspected nuclear activities need to be ‘‘addressed.’’ That is all, simply 
addressed—not specifically answered but only addressed. According to the New York Times article that I read, he made it clear that sanctions could be lifted—they could be lifted—before de-finitively resolving concerns of the International Atomic Energy Agency about Iran’s past nuclear research and the extent of the military dimensions of that research. 
That is simply unacceptable, in my 
view, and it should be unacceptable to everyone in this Chamber. 
You know, the New York Times arti-
cle goes on to say: 
Those favoring full disclosure of what dip-
lomats have delicately called the ‘‘possible military dimensions’’ of Iranian nuclear re-search say that the West will never know how long it would take Iran to manufacture a weapon—if it ever developed or obtained bomb-grade uranium or plutonium—unless there is a full picture of its success in sus-pected experiments to design the detonation systems for a weapon and learn how to shrink it to fit atop a missile. 
That is exactly what I believe, and I 
came to the floor recently and had a map that described where the possible reach of Iran’s present missile tech-nology exists, and it is most of the gulf, into parts of Eastern Europe, Tur-key, Egypt, and of course our ally, the State of Israel. So its reach today, under missile capacity—and something they continue to perfect—is incredibly significant. 
For a decade since obtaining data 
from an Iranian scientist from a laptop that was spirited out of the country, the CIA and Israel have devoted enor-mous energy to understanding the scope and success of the program. 
Failing to require disclosure, they argue, 
would also undercut the atomic agency—a quiet signal to other countries that they, too, could be given a pass. 
That is quoted from the Times arti-
cle. Those are exactly my continuing concerns, and I think they are concerns of a very large universe of people who have been following these develop-ments. I need to know the answer to those questions before I can support any lifting of sanctions against Iran that I have fought for, authored, and that this Senate has unanimously sup-ported. 
So I am going to conclude, but I will 
be back to point out the unfolding problems with dealing with the mullahs in Tehran and what it means to the national security of the United States and to our allies in the Middle East and to the stability of the region and to what I am increasingly con-cerned is the moving of goal posts that move increasingly in the direction of Iran. 
I remember when we started off this 
conversation—these negotiations— Iraq’s plutonium reactor, we were told they will dismantle it or we will de-stroy it. Well, this agreement allows Iraq to continue—reconfigured some-what, but it can be reconfigured back. The President himself has said there was no need for Fordow, built deeply under a mountain, an enrichment facil-
ity. 
Now, if you want a peaceful nuclear 
civilian program, you don’t go deep into a mountain to ultimately do en-richment, but that is what the Iranians did. The President himself said that was an unnecessary facility. We were told it was going to be closed. Well, it is going to stay open—reconfigured to produce less uranium and supposedly with safeguards, but it is going to stay open. The point is, with regard to the weaponization elements, Iran has for a decade—a decade—worked against the U.N. Security Council resolution that said it had to come clean on this ques-tion. So for a decade they haven’t done it. 
When you have the leverage, why 
wouldn’t you seek to achieve it now, so you know and can calculate the rest of your agreement? That, too, seems to be lost in the shifting sands of these nego-tiations. This is of deep concern to me, and I can only hope we will end up at a better deal than that which is being unfolded as we speak. 
Every time I listen to another ele-
ment of what I thought was a critical element of any deal, that critical ele-ment seems to be oddly moving in the direction of what Iran wants it to be and not what we in the international community should want to see. That is my concern, and I will continue to come to the floor to report on it. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, the 
facts are undeniable. Climate change is real. It is caused by humans. It is hap-pening now and it is solvable. 
One solution to climate change is 
putting a fair price on carbon pollu-tion. Last week, Senator W
HITEHOUSE  
and I introduced a bill, S. 1548, to do just that and to return all of the rev-enue to American families and busi-nesses. 
I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his 
leadership on this bill, but we want a Republican dance partner. We want conservative leadership on this great challenge of our time. 
Climate change increases the sever-
ity and frequency of storms and nat-ural disasters. This is not only a hu-manitarian problem but also an eco-nomic issue. A heat wave in Texas in 2011, for example, caused $5 billion in livestock and crop losses. Climate change makes events like this 20 times more likely to occur today than in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.031 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4235 June 17, 2015 
1960s. Climate change’s impact on the 
economy is particularly damaging be-cause it creates so much uncertainty. 
There is a role for the government 
here. The administration is doing ev-erything it can to reduce carbon pollu-tion within the statutory constraints of the Clean Air Act, but it will not get us to the reductions we need. Congress needs to step in and legislate to get the reductions we need to make sure we are protecting low-income and working families and growing our economy. 
Regulations like the Clean Power 
Plan and market mechanisms such as a price on carbon are not mutually ex-clusive; in fact, they work together. They are mutually reinforcing. If pow-erplants reduce emissions under the Clean Power Plan, they will pay less in carbon fees. Market mechanisms for re-ducing pollution work. 
In the 1990s, President George H.W. 
Bush used cap and trade to reduce emissions from sulfur dioxide in order to combat acid rain. The program was successful in slashing emissions, which not only meant healthier lakes and wa-terways but healthier communities. The health benefits for humans linked to lower sulfur dioxide emissions were estimated at $50 billion annually by 2010. 
Mrs. BOXER. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. SCHATZ. Yes, I will be pleased to 
yield to the Senator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Senator, 
and I welcome his remarks. We are in a space in the Senate where there are some people who still say climate 
change isn’t happening, even though, as the Senator and I know, 98, 99 per-cent of the scientists in this country say it is obvious. 
I am also so pleased my friend is here 
today because he is talking about cap and trade, and that leads us into my question. I will ask two questions. 
One question I have for the Senator 
from Hawaii is how he feels about the Pope and the encyclical, where the Pope is basically stating it the way it is, and it needs to be heard by every-one. I wonder how my friend responded to that. Also, I wanted to make sure my friend knew in California we have a cap-and-trade program, and I thought it was so good that you reminded peo-ple that this was a creation by a Re-publican President dealing with acid rain and it was so successful and the public health benefits so outweighed the costs. 
So I wanted to make sure my friend 
was aware we had this cap-and-trade system in California that is working well. We balanced our budget in large part because of this, and businesses like it. They liked the certainty of it. Also, will the Senator respond to the issue of the Pope entering into this de-bate. 
Mr. SCHATZ. I thank the Senator 
from California. 
Through the Chair, I will answer the 
first question. 
First, when it comes to the Pope’s 
encyclical, it seems to me that he is displaying the moral leadership that is 
going to be necessary in all sectors—in the private sector, in the public sector, among Democrats, Republicans, Inde-pendents. People across the planet are starting to understand the magnitude of the climate challenge. 
One of the reasons I have been com-
ing to the floor so frequently is not to lambaste the other party, but rather to encourage that there be conservative leadership in this space. There is cer-tainly progressive leadership in this space. There is increasingly corporate leadership. There is leadership in the Department of Defense, in the sci-entific community. But what we really need is for conservatives to step up and to acknowledge the reality of this problem and propose their own set of solutions. 
They may disagree with a carbon fee 
or a cap-and-trade program or the President’s Clean Power Plan. But let’s have that debate out in the open. Come down and beat up on our bill or beat up on the President’s proposal. That is fine. But we need to have this great de-bate in this great Chamber because this is one of the greatest challenges of our time. 
To the Senator’s second question, 
talking a little bit about how cap and trade has worked in California but also how market-based mechanisms have worked all over North America and across the planet, the Senator is right. There is a cap-and-trade program in California, and the economy has con-tinued to improve. The State’s fiscal situation has continued to improve. 
We have the Hawaii Clean Energy 
Initiative. We have tripled clean en-ergy in a very short period of time, all while unemployment has gone down. In 2008, British Columbia became the first and only jurisdiction in North America with an economy-wide price on carbon emissions. Seven years later, evidence shows that even going it alone, British Columbia was able to reduce petroleum consumption more than the rest of Canada and without any negative im-pact on growth. 
So the Senator from California is 
right. We can do this and grow our economy. But we are going to need bi-partisan leadership. Market mecha-nisms are one of the most straight-forward solutions to climate change. They have growing support across the ideological spectrum. The carbon fee in our bill is predictable. It can start right away. There is no new govern-ment program to administer or to run and no need for complex financial transactions or trading. 
It is simple and relatively easy to ad-
minister, and it gets the reductions that we need: an estimated 40 percent of greenhouse gas emissions by the year 2030. The bill, importantly, is rev-enue neutral. The original carbon fee legislation poured back the new rev-enue into a bunch of goodies that I liked in terms of dealing with the chal-lenge of climate change. But we under-stand that if we are going to get Re-publican support, this needs to be rev-
enue neutral or close to it, and we need to use the revenue to ameliorate the challenges that are going to occur as we transition into a clean energy econ-omy. 
It also lowers corporate tax rates, 
which will make our Tax Code more competitive with other countries. But reducing carbon emissions and growing our economy ought to go hand in hand. 
This bill lays out a clear framework for how to accomplish that. Climate change demands leadership from both progressives and conservatives. A price on carbon is a market-based solution that can appeal to people of multiple ideologies but share a common goal of solving one of the great challenges of our time. 
In the tradition of Margaret Thatch-
er and Barry Goldwater, we need con-servatives to embrace their own mar-ket-based solutions to our climate challenge. There is nothing conserv-ative about ignoring the collective knowledge of the scientific establish-ment. There is nothing conservative about ignoring the warnings from our Department of Defense. There is noth-ing conservative about shirking our re-sponsibility for global leadership. There is nothing conservative about conducting a dangerous experiment on the only planet that we have. 
So we have no desire for this to con-
tinue to be an issue where only one party is on the floor talking about it. Let’s have the argument about what the right solution set ought to be. But let’s have it out in the open, and let’s have it together. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
EPA WATER RULE  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the 
EPA recently released its final water rule, claiming much greater power for the administration to oversee the land use decisions of homeowners, small businesses, and family farms through-out our country. This mandate is full of problems, and the American people are being sold a false bill of goods. 
Just look at the potential impact to 
my home State of Arkansas. As you can see, the entire State will come under this jurisdiction. The red on this map, compiled by Agriculture’s Waters of the United States Mapping Initia-tive, highlights the extent to which this EPA rule would impact Arkansas. As you can see, the Obama administra-tion wants to give bureaucrats in Washington control of almost all of the water in Arkansas. They are deceiving the American people in order to justify this power grab. First, they imply that unless Washington is in control, water is simply not protected. 
This is not true. Clean water protec-
tion involves our local communities. Private land owners, conservation dis-tricts, States, and local communities protect non-Federal waters all of the time. Second, the Agency claims this rule is designed to protect drinking water. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.032 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4236 June 17, 2015 
Again, this is an attempt to scare the 
American people. It is dishonest. 
We all want to protect our water re-
sources, and clean drinking water is certainly a priority. I support the Safe Drinking Water Act. For more than 40 years the Safe Drinking Water Act has encouraged Federal-State cooperation in improving safe drinking water. That work has made tremendous progress, which we can all be proud of. This law has been strongly supported by both Republicans and Democrats. It has been reauthorized and extended by Re-publican-controlled Congresses, and it will continue to improve safe drinking water whether or not this Federal power grab continues. 
This administration says one thing 
about safe drinking water, and then it does another. For example, in 2013 and 2014, the Obama administration cut funding for the Safe Drinking Water Grant Program. This program, which is a Federal-State partnership, does far more to protect safe drinking water than anything in the EPA’s new power grab. 
Third, we hear rhetoric about rivers 
catching on fire and toxic pollution. Once again, this is an attempt to scare the American people. Major rivers will continue to receive Federal and State protection just as they have for dec-ades. Isolated non-navigable waters will continue to be protected by State and local efforts as they are now. Let’s not forget that farmers and landowners care about clean water. 
Northeast Arkansas farmer Joe 
Christian told the Jonesboro Sun after the EPA finalized the rule: I am not going to do something detrimental to the land I work and live on. 
There is no greater environmentalist 
than a farmer. For the past year, Ar-kansas farmers and ranchers have shared with me their concerns over this EPA overreach. I want to share some of the comments that I recently received. Fred in Trumann wrote: 
Like every other person in America, I 
favor clean water. However, there appears to be a grab for power or control related to water. I fail to see how a low spot in a field or yard or ditch that I create on my own land should be included. We are being over- regulated by Washington—please continue to limit intrusion into our lives where none is needed. 
Rodney in Lonsdale sent me an email 
saying: 
The EPA doesn’t need to be monitoring my 
pond and streams, telling me what to do or how to use them. This is an overreach. 
These frustrations are the result of 
an agency that often abuses its author-ity, creating unnecessary and costly mandates. It is not just Arkansans. Across the country, people are sound-ing the alarm on this power grab. 
‘‘Extreme’’ and ‘‘unlawful’’ are two 
words the American Farm Bureau used to describe the rule. An analysis of the finalized rule by the organization de-termined that the ambiguity of the rule will give the Agency ‘‘broad dis-cretion to identify waters and to limit the scope of most of the exclusions.’’ 
The good news is that we have a bipar-tisan agreement that this EPA rule is a problem. 
After EPA finalized this rule, the 
Wall Street Journal published an edi-torial calling this rule by EPA an ‘‘am-phibious attack’’ and urged Congress to overturn the rule and force ‘‘Members to show whose side they’re on—the av-erage landowners or the Washington water police.’’ 
That is why I joined the Senate’s ef-
forts to protect property owners and keep Washington’s hands off of private lands. The Federal Water Quality Pro-tection Act safeguards Americans from this overreach. It sends EPA back to the drawing board to craft a proposal that encourages true cooperation. It will keep the hands of Washington’s politicians out of the decisions that have been made in the States and local communities for generations. 
Under this modest, bipartisan legisla-
tion, the EPA will be able to protect Federal waters without expanding its power. I appreciate Senator B
ARRASSO , 
the bill’s author, for his continued leadership in holding EPA accountable. Last week, my colleagues and I who serve on the Environment and Public Works Committee moved this legisla-tion forward. This is a step in the right direction to protecting the rights of landowners while protecting our Na-tion’s waters. 
I look forward to supporting this 
commonsense legislation on the Senate floor and encouraging my colleagues to do the same. Congress must build on the progress that we have made toward better water quality. We can do this best by protecting the role of States, local communities, and private citizens to be a part of the process. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
TRANSITION TO INDEPENDENCE ACT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to discuss a bill I will be introducing, the Transition to Independence Act. 
The bill is a Medicaid demonstration 
program that will give incentives to States to achieve more integrated em-ployment for people with disabilities. 
The Federal Government funds a 
hodge podge of programs that provide supports for people with disabilities. 
However, the largest of all programs 
providing supports for people with dis-abilities, the Medicaid program, could do much more to drive better out-comes. 
The Medicaid program provides crit-
ical supports for people with disabil-ities including primary health care and home and community-based care. 
This bill is unique in that it uses the 
resources of the Medicaid program to drive better outcomes for people with disabilities. 
Our public policy encourages people 
with disabilities to participate in soci-ety, to live in the community and to have integrated employment. 
But what does the government do to 
encourage that outcome? What does government do to insure 
that all people with disabilities have the opportunity to achieve their max-imum participation? 
I would argue, not enough. The program that is the largest 
funder of supports for people with dis-abilities is Medicaid. 
Unfortunately, Medicaid funding to 
States is in no way tied to producing better outcomes. 
Now I know we cannot just snap our 
fingers and make it so. 
The Federal Government cannot just 
order the States to do better. 
The Federal Government needs to 
provide States the right incentives to achieve better outcomes. 
That is the goal of the Transition to 
Independence Act. 
This bill creates a 5-year, 10–State 
Medicaid demonstration program. 
States participating in the dem-
onstration program will receive Med-icaid bonus payments for meeting achievement targets for individual in-tegrated employment. 
Simply stated, as States move people 
with disabilities to integrated settings, they get more money. 
States can also achieve additional 
funding for agreeing to give up new congregate placements. 
States can achieve additional fund-
ing for ending vocation rehabilitation for congregate settings. 
States can achieve additional fund-
ing for taking actions that will grow the workforce serving people with dis-abilities. 
Finally, States can achieve addi-
tional funding for taking steps to im-prove interagency collaboration. 
Too much of disability policy occurs 
in isolated silos where people in charge of policy don’t talk to each other. 
There is health services, long-term 
supports, housing, education and work-force training, and transportation available to people with disabilities all run by people who aren’t working to-gether to maximize the outcome for the individual. 
Now it is legitimate to ask: why 
can’t States take these policy steps today? 
They can take some actions of 
course. 
But they have a significant financial 
incentive not to take these actions. 
It will take a significant investment 
of resources for a State to achieve bet-ter outcomes for people with disabil-ities. 
If a State wants to improve out-
comes, it needs to invest in providing the supports necessary to help people with disabilities participate more fully in the community. 
In the end, moving people with dis-
abilities from more expensive con-gregate settings to more self-sufficient, integrated settings is better for the in-dividual and ultimately better for the taxpayer because it will require less in-tensive, less expensive supports. 
But under Medicaid, when a State 
makes that investment, it has to give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.034 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4237 June 17, 2015 
half or more of the savings achieved 
back to the Federal Government. 
Again, that is a serious disincentive 
for the States. 
Basically, the bonuses I am proposing 
in this bill allow the States to keep the savings they achieve. 
It is my intention that this bill be es-
sentially budget neutral to the Federal taxpayer while giving States a real in-centive to achieve better outcomes. 
We can build better supports for peo-
ple with disabilities. 
The term often used is a ‘‘lifespan 
benefit.’’ 
I believe that creation of a lifespan 
benefit, where people with disabilities receive coordinated, multidisciplinary support to achieve the maximum func-tional outcomes possible begins with the Medicaid program. 
It is my intention to prove that 
through this demonstration bill. 
I have talked to scores of people with 
disabilities and their families and they want to work a real job that pays a fair wage. 
Agencies that provide these services 
are committed to helping them find real jobs. 
It is time to change Medicaid incen-
tives to encourage and reward that. 
Last week, a constituent of mine 
from Dubuque, Rose Carroll, visited my office with the Autistic Self Advocacy Network. 
Rose is currently in college working 
on a degree in math. 
All Rose wants is to know that she 
will have the supports available to her when she needs them so that she can do all she can to participate in her com-munity. 
That is exactly what this bill intends 
to do. 
It will demonstrate that States, 
when given the right incentives, will do all they can to make sure Rose has those supports. 
Back home, my friend Chris Sparks 
is the Executive Director of Excep-tional Persons Incorporated in Water-loo, IA. 
Chris and his staff go out into the 
community every day to provide direct support services for people with dis-abilities. 
These workers provide a necessary 
service in order to assist people with significant intellectual and develop-mental disabilities to have jobs in their community. 
But it is a struggle every day for 
Chris to find workers, to train them and retain them. 
This bill will provide States the in-
centives to grow the workforce to make it easier for people like Chris Sparks to go out and provide services that allow individuals with disabilities to achieve independence. 
The bill I introduce today has the 
support of the American Association of People with Disabilities, the American Association on Health and Disability, Autism Speaks, the Autistic Self Advo-cacy Network, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, the National Adult Day Services Association, the National As-
sociation of State Directors of Devel-opmental Disabilities Services, the Na-tional Association of States United for Aging and Disabilities, and the Na-tional Down Syndrome Congress. 
The bill also has the support of the 
American Network of Community Op-tions and Resources including Iowa members: Christian Opportunity Cen-ter, Hope Haven, Opportunity Village, Hills & Dales, New Hope Village, and Exceptional Persons Incorporated. 
In their advisory role to Congress, 
the National Council on Disability pro-vided technical assistance on the bill. 
This is an opportunity for us to say 
that outcomes matter, for us to further a conversation about setting the goal of maximum participation and using all our tools to meet it. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues and others to move this leg-islation forward in the months to come. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, are we 
in the parliamentary procedure to pro-ceed to speak? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
PAPAL ENCYCLICAL ON THE ENVIRONMENT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, tomor-
row, Pope Francis will release a papal encyclical on the environment. It is ba-sically a letter to all Catholics about high-priority issues, and he has chosen the environment. 
Some might think the Pope is stray-
ing outside of his expertise by dis-cussing environmental issues and cli-mate change as the expected encyclical is revealed, but the Pope actually has more of a scientific background than many Members of Congress because the Pope was trained as a chemist before he entered seminary. And, as we have seen over the course of his first 2 years as head of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis is particularly committed to addressing issues that affect the poor. 
According to recent news reports, the 
Pope’s encyclical will emphasize the moral imperative that we as a global community face in addressing climate change. He calls every person across all faiths to come together to address the global deterioration of our common home. This stewardship case is a shared common truth for all people— the faith community and all. 
Many of us have spoken on this floor 
about climate change and the resulting sea level rise. The President has spo-ken about it numerous times recently, and he visited the Florida Everglades in my State recently and made a simi-lar case for the urgent need to take ac-tion on climate change and sea level rise. 
Taking care of treasured places such 
as the Everglades isn’t just about con-servation, it is about survival. 
Millions of people in South Florida 
depend on the Everglades as the source, as that water flows south from upper central Florida and recharges the aquifers. It is a vital source of drinking 
water. It is a vital source no one can live without. But drinking water wells in South Florida are already being compromised by saltwater intrusion through the porous limestone founda-tion of our State. 
We had a hearing of our commerce 
committee in Miami Beach, which is ground zero. A NASA scientist testified that over the last 40 years, measure-ments—not forecasts, not projections; measurements—over the last 40 years, the sea level has risen 8 inches in South Florida. 
What happens when that rises—and, 
of course, that starts to inundate the porous limestone, which holds the freshwater, which supports the founda-tion of the peninsula of Florida. You can’t do as the Dutch have done—build a dike around it—because the water will seep right underneath your dike into the porous limestone. 
So we need to take a hard look at 
what can be done—and do it soon—to get ready for the impacts of climate change in the future, to stop pumping carbon dioxide, which is the main greenhouse gas, into the atmosphere. 
There are a lot of good ideas out 
there that could protect communities from climate change, and there are a lot of good ideas out there that could help folks pay their bills. For example, my colleague from Rhode Island, Sen-ator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , has pro-
posed a plan to place a carbon fee or a dollar fee per ton of carbon emissions and then use that money to lower everybody’s tax rate, both corporate and individual. Let it be revenue neu-tral. It is a fee on carbon, and the mar-ketplace will then kick in, making it less desirable to put those greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, particularly carbon dioxide. 
In the last Congress, Senator B
OXER  
proposed a similar idea of setting a carbon pollution fee. Her bill would have directed that new revenue toward helping communities adopt climate re-siliency measures as well as providing a monthly rebate to U.S. households. 
Well, maybe we don’t have the magic 
formula yet, but we ought to be able to agree that lowering tax rates for busi-nesses and individuals would be a good thing. But if you are going to do that, you have to have the revenue to pay for it. In other words, you have to have the revenue to replace the revenue that is there now if you lower the tax rates. 
If you set a price on carbon emis-
sions, it could generate anywhere from $1 trillion to $2 trillion over a decade. That revenue can put money back into the pockets of hard-working people by virtue of lowering their tax rates. 
Some people might think this is a po-
litical issue that Big Business is unani-mously opposed to. When I first heard it, that is what I thought would be the case. But, lo and behold, that is not the case. On June 1, six major oil and gas companies, including Shell, signed a joint letter to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S17JN5.REC S17JN5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4238 June 17, 2015 
Change in support of establishing a 
carbon pricing system. What these giant corporations understand is that something must be done to reduce car-bon emissions, and if they do not pur-sue a carbon fee or something like it, they are going to face what they do not want to face, which is EPA regulation and lawsuits and additional public scrutiny over their contribution to pol-lution. 
In their letter, these CEOs write: ‘‘As 
major companies from the oil and gas sector, we recognize both the impor-tance of climate challenge and the im-portance of energy to human life and well-being.’’ 
If these corporate giants can ac-
knowledge the seriousness and urgency of climate change, then it just doesn’t make sense that we can’t get over this political hangup about a fee—call it a tax—on carbon and address it here in the Senate. 
Many of my colleagues are concerned 
and frustrated, especially if they live in a State like mine where the sea level is rising. The mayor of Miami Beach cut a TV campaign advertise-ment in a kayak at seasonal high tide on Alton Road in Miami Beach. Is it any wonder we feel like the canary in the coal mine? So we are sounding the alarm and echoing the warning of sci-entists, echoing the warning of faith leaders—now the Pope is going to speak tomorrow in his encyclical—and we are echoing the warnings of Ameri-cans who are already experiencing real consequences of what is happening with the climate. The State of Florida is the literal canary in the coal mine. The State of Florida is ground zero for all of this that is happening. 
This year is going to mark 10 years 
since Hurricane Katrina, and just last month experts at CBO estimated that with climate change, hurricane damage will skyrocket over the next 60 years. Why? Because as the Earth heats up— when the Sun rays reflect off the Earth and reflect back into space, if the greenhouse gases are there, they act as a shield, and that traps the heat. Where does 90 percent of the heat go? It goes into the world’s oceans. The hot-ter the water, the more fuel for a more ferocious hurricane. Floods, droughts, heat waves, sea level rise, wildfires, melting sea ice—these are costly and deadly consequences. 
Regardless of what it takes—the 
science, the economics, the corporate executives, the moral imperative, and the Pope—we must call attention to the problem. Let’s not suffer the same fate as other canaries in the coal mines. I encourage all of our colleagues to look at this issue anew. Look at it with an eye toward confronting the challenge and being good stewards of Earth’s bounty that we are all blessed 
to have. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak a few moments as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE  
WARRIORS  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
have had three chances to say con-gratulations to the San Francisco Gi-ants when they won the World Series over the last 5 years, and I didn’t do it. Last night, the Golden State Warriors won the NBA Finals, and I want to remedy the error of my ways and come and offer the heartiest congratulations to a truly great basketball team. 
This team had a remarkable season. 
Their regular season of 67 and 15 was the sixth best in the history of the NBA, and they went 16 and 5 in the playoffs. But their dominance wasn’t built on brute force; it was built on fi-nesse, strategy, and teamwork. 
Steph Curry was a real superstar, of-
fering flashes of brilliance all season. I had the occasion to meet him and have a picture taken with him, and as I stood against this tall American and put my arm around his waist, I realized how slender he was. I subsequently learned they are trying to get him to eat 6,000 calories a day—I guess to meet LeBron James. It was quite a matchup, and I was delighted to be able to watch these games. After a scary fall in game 4 against the Rockets, Steph came back in game 5 to lead the Warriors in scoring, boosting them into the finals. 
Last year, when I met them at a War-
riors’ practice, I saw a little bit about the team. And one player I hadn’t met was a gentleman by the name of Andre Iguodala, who really came alive against the Cavaliers in the finals. After playing off the bench the first three games, he started the final three and was the defensive spark the War-riors needed. 
Now, no one can stop LeBron James, 
and as I watched the series, I really marveled at this man because he was a very intelligent player. Once he charged toward that basket, there were very few who could stop him. It was an amazing performance. 
All season long, Klay Thompson was 
an offensive dynamo, stepping up when the team needed him most. And of course Draymond Green, Harrison Barnes, and others. 
And what a season for a brand new 
rookie coach Steve Kerr. He spent his whole life in basketball but has only a handful of months as coach under his belt. He took an undersized team with little playoff experience all the way. It was a dream come true. 
I would also like to congratulate the 
Warriors owners, Joe Lacob and Peter Guber, as well as the team’s president, Rick Weltz. I have had the privilege of meeting these three people. Oakland can be very proud of them. They are building a new arena in San Francisco, so the whole Bay Area will have an op-portunity to participate in this team’s glory. These gentlemen bought the team 4 years ago. And in that short time, they have guided what was a moribund franchise into the best team 
in the league. So they rightly should be thanked for their accomplishment. 
Finally, to my colleague, the distin-
guished Senator from Ohio, R
OB 
PORTMAN , I offer my condolences, and I 
look forward to collecting on our wager, which Mr. President, is some Ohio beer. I trust it is going to be good beer, and I look forward to drinking it and hopefully being able to tell him that there will be another time, and his team can only but rise in glory as well. 
Finally, to the Warriors, I look for-
ward to continued greatness, both in Oakland and across the bay in San Francisco. Their first title since 1975 really brought the city of Oakland to-gether and made them proud. I say to them, thank you for some wonderful memories. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at the conclu-sion of the remarks of the Senator from Virginia, I be recognized for 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to speak about the changing nature of our economy. I come to talk about a part of our econ-omy that I don’t think most folks in this Chamber understand. It goes by many names. It is called the sharing economy, the on-demand economy, the gig economy, the 1099 economy. There is a lot of discussion, actually, in some circles about exactly what to call this changing nature of our economy, but there is no dispute that it represents a new dynamic and growing part of our American economy. 
It used to be that when you were in-
troduced to someone, one of the first questions asked was, Where do you work? Today, particularly for the 80- plus million millennials who make up the largest age cohort in our society, the more appropriate question to ask is, What are you working on? That is because the American workforce is in-creasingly made up of freelancers, independent contractors, and the self- employed. Yet Washington mostly has remained on the sidelines as our econ-omy, the workforce, and the workplace have undergone what may be the most dramatic transformation literally in decades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.036 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4239 June 17, 2015 
By my count, as folks announced yes-
terday, almost 25 people are running for President in 2016. Frankly, I find it remarkable that none of them in either party are even talking about these fun-damental changes in how, when, and where Americans are currently work-ing because, whether by economic ne-cessity or by choice, one-third or more of the American workers now find themselves piecing together two, three, or more on-demand opportunities to make a living. As I said earlier, it is called the sharing economy, the on-de-mand economy, or the gig economy. It includes, as I mentioned earlier as well, a lot of young and—at least they think so—invincible millennials, 80 million-strong, who began entering the workforce in the year 2000 and after-ward. 
The good news about this generation 
is it is the best educated, the most di-verse and tolerant, the most techno-logically adept, and the most com-fortable with disruptive change of any 
generation America has seen. And that is good. Most millennials grew up in the glow of a computer monitor. Since childhood, most have maintained an online identity and network in real time with friends. Members of this gen-eration can, if they choose, graduate from a college or university without ever stepping foot on its campus. Armed with a tablet or smart phone, they can successfully work for an em-ployer without ever sitting at a desk from 9 to 5. But it is not just the millennials who are pushing the enve-lope in how, when, and where people work. It also includes many middle- aged professionals, unexpectedly downsized at midcareer. It includes baby boomers—folks from my genera-tion and a number of my college class-mates—who have been hit with a pre-mature end to what they thought be-fore the recession was a solid career. Frankly, it also includes a lot of folks for whom working multiple jobs at the same time is nothing new. They call it survival, and it hasn’t gotten any easi-er. Yet, here in Washington, too few policymakers are thinking creatively about ways to provide more Americans with more footholds into this new world of on-demand or freelance work. 
In addition, today we have a whole 
set of new online platforms, companies that didn’t even exist 5 years ago, such as Airbnb, Uber, TaskRabbit, and Etsy. Think about Airbnb alone—it already has more rooms available than Mar-riott. These platforms match supply and demand for things people never even thought about monetizing be-fore—a room, a ride, a specific skill, even the whole notion of free time. But many of the business models in this on- demand economy are built upon the premise that workers are independent contractors, not employees. This means that employers can end the rela-tionship at any time. Much of the work is project-based. Contracts and clients can dry up, and it is tougher to create new ones without an office to go to. It also means employers do not have to 
pay costs or contribute to health insur-ance or retirement. They also particu-larly don’t pay a share of unemploy-ment or workers’ compensation. 
The whole notion of the social safety 
net and social contract between the employer and the worker has totally changed. If we think back to my par-ents’ generation 40 years ago—I think about my father. He didn’t make a lot of money but knew that he would get benefits, that when he retired, he would get a pension. That changed in my generation, the baby boomers. You didn’t work for the same place. You moved around to a few different jobs. We moved into what I would call the 401(k) generation, defined benefits. We moved to defined contribution. 
The fact is, today these on-demand 
workers, even if they are doing rel-atively well, exist on a high wire with no social safety net beneath them. That may work for many of them when times are going well—until the day they aren’t. That is why ultimately, when things go wrong for this new gig economy, workers without any safety net, without any unemployment, with-out any workmen’s comp, could fall and ultimately end up on the tax-payers’ dime. 
That is why Washington needs to 
catch up and start asking some tough policy questions—but also with the rec-ognition that with the growth in this part of the economy, Washington can’t impose a solution. 
First, the biggest challenge may be 
this fundamental change in the em-ployer-employee relationship. Are there other options for providing a safety net of basic benefits for workers who are not connected to a traditional full-time employer? Who should admin-ister it? Should it be opt-in or opt-out? We could look to the health care ex-changes as a public-private model now—in many cases—that they largely appear to be working. Could we think about an unemployment or workmen’s comp exchange that workers and em-ployers could work with? 
We might borrow the idea of the hour 
bank used by the traditional trade unions for 60 years. A carpenter would move from one contractor to another, committing a little bit of resources, the employer committing resources, but it was administered by a trusted third party. 
Other countries—primarily in the 
EU—are experimenting with worker- administered pools. Freelancers put in a certain amount of income based on the income they would need to replace if they got sick or injured, and they collect it if they are sidelined for more than a month. 
Part of a solution might even be con-
sumer-driven. What if customers could designate a portion of their payments to Uber or Airbnb into a designated fund that helps support workers—a so-cial insurance fund? There may be other public-private models out there, and they deserve a look, too. Second, this is too important to 
leave to the courts. While litigation is underway about whether on-demand workers are independent contractors or employees, we cannot and must not leave this to the courts alone. We learned just today of a ruling from California labor regulators—a ruling that is expected to be challenged. Cali-fornia labor regulators have deter-mined that Uber drivers are to be con-sidered employees and not independent contractors. This ruling demonstrates yet again why Federal policymakers need to reexamine the whole notion of 20th-century definitions and employ-ment classifications when we are thinking about a 21st-century work-force. 
As I mentioned, as many as one-third 
of American workers are participating in some aspect of this on-demand econ-omy. We have a responsibility to pro-vide clarity and predictability instead of allowing inconsistency as these issues are litigated on a case-by-case, State-by-State basis. 
Third, the Federal Government needs 
to become much more nimble. Frankly, folks on both sides of the aisle would acknowledge that the Federal Govern-ment operates at less than dial-up speed. We need better data about how many people are a part of the gig and sharing economies. 
At the request of Senators M
URRAY  
and G ILLIBRAND , the GAO reported last 
month that the Department of Labor has not been tasked with a deep-dive on workforce data in more than 10 years. Better data would tell us a lot about who is working in this sharing economy and what characteristics they share. Better data would result in bet-ter policy. 
As Federal policymakers, we also 
need to recommit to extending broadband to underserved and unserved regions. You can’t be linked in if you don’t have a link. 
In addition, we should streamline the 
hodgepodge of Federal programs we have set up to support innovators and entrepreneurs. These programs are scattered across dozens of Federal agencies, and they exist in a budgetary cycle of feast or famine. 
We cannot ignore the opportunity 
costs of this generation’s combined $1.2 trillion in student debt. It is limiting options, opportunities, and economic mobility for an entire generation. 
Finally, this millennial generation is 
beginning to fuel a tremendous shift in one of the most traditional anchors of America’s economy, and we need to, quite honestly, recognize and respond to it. Younger Americans are making it clear that in many cases they prefer sharing and renting over ownership. 
I was talking to Brad Chesky, the 
CEO of Airbnb, the other day. As I mentioned, Airbnb already provides more rooms than Marriott, and this is a company that didn’t even exist 5 years ago. The CEO offered this com-parison: His parents’ generation—my generation—defined the idea of success 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.038 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4240 June 17, 2015 
in America as owning a nice house, 
having two cars, putting your kids through college, and maybe, just maybe, if you did well, getting a little house at the beach or on the lake. But he says the hallmarks of success for this millennial generation are much more different. Younger people want control of their data and online reputa-tions. They don’t necessarily aspire to own things such as cars or houses; they want to collect cool experiences, which they can best document and share on-line. 
I ask all my colleagues, the next 
time you are at a townhall, ask your audience: Would you rather have a home mortgage deduction or a direct credit against your student debt? It doesn’t matter what the age group is, 90 percent overall will say: Give me that credit on my student debt rather than on a home mortgage deduction. 
Think about this. As policymakers, 
this generational move away from own-ership and toward sharing and renting could have huge impacts for every level of government. That is because we cur-rently use our Tax Code to reward own-ership of everything from homes, to ve-hicles, to factories. Property taxes are how State and local governments pay for public schools, public health, and public safety. If we have an economy increasingly built on sharing and rent-ing and not ownership, that could have tremendous ramifications. 
I mentioned that 5 years ago no one 
had even heard of Airbnb or Uber. And while we don’t know what the disrup-tive technology of tomorrow might look like, we know developments such as driverless cars, same-day drone de-liveries, and 3–D printing are right around the corner. Some version is here to stay. As policymakers, we need to ask the right questions, discuss the appropriate rules of the road, and know when we need to get out of the way. In-stead of trying to make this new econ-omy look like the old, Washington should encourage more of this innova-tion, and we need to work to create more opportunities and more upward economic mobility for everybody. 
I, for one, look forward to continuing 
this discussion today and in the weeks to come. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1911, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that, notwith-standing the filing deadline in rule XXII, it be in order for me to offer a modification to the pending Hatch amendment No. 1911 with the text that 
is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object—and I will not object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I am aware that the 
Senator from Oklahoma feels very strongly about this amendment. We discussed it and voted on it in the com-mittee. At that time, I told the Sen-ator from Oklahoma—who is my friend, for many years—that I would do what I could to see that he got a vote before the entire Senate. I am in disagree-ment with his amendment, but I want to respect his right to offer it. So—and I appreciate less than you know his te-nacity—Mr. President, I will not ob-ject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I send 
the amendment to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is so modified. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To study the impact of com-
missary privatization prior to initiating a pilot program and to require a report on the Department of Defense definition of and policy regarding software sustainment) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT AND ASSESSMENT OF PO-
TENTIAL COSTS AND BENEFITS OF 
PRIVATIZING DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMMISSARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the viability of privatizing, in whole or in part, the Department of De-fense commissary system. The report shall be so submitted to Congress before the devel-opment of any plans or pilot program to pri-vatize defense commissaries or the defense commissary system. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) A methodology for defining the total 
number and locations of commissaries. 
(2) An evaluation of commissary use by lo-
cation in the following beneficiary cat-egories: 
(A) Pay grades E–1 through E–4. (B) Pay grades E–5 through E–7. (C) Pay grades E–8 and E–9. (D) Pay grades O–1 through O–3. (E) Pay grades O–4 through O–6. (F) Pay grades O–7 through O–10. (G) Military retirees. (3) An evaluation of commissary use in lo-
cations outside the continental United States and in remote and isolated locations in the continental United States when com-pared with other locations. 
(4) An evaluation of the cost of com-
missary operations during fiscal years 2009 through 2014. 
(5) An assessment of potential savings and 
efficiencies to be achieved through imple-mentation of some or all of recommenda-tions of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission. 
(6) A description and evaluation of the 
strategy of the Defense Commissary Agency for pricing products sold at commissaries. (7) A description and evaluation of the 
transportation strategy of the Defense Com-missary Agency for products sold at com-missaries. 
(8) A description and evaluation of the for-
mula of the Defense Commissary Agency for calculating savings for its customers as a re-sult of its pricing strategy. 
(9) An evaluation of the average savings 
per household garnered by commissary use. 
(10) A description and evaluation of the use 
of private contractors and vendors as part of the defense commissary system. 
(11) An assessment of costs or savings, and 
potential impacts to patrons and the Govern-ment, of privatizing the defense commissary system, including potential increased use of Government assistance programs. 
(12) A description and assessment of poten-
tial barriers to privatization of the defense commissary system. 
(13) An assessment of the extent to which 
patron savings would remain after the pri-vatization of the defense commissary sys-tem. 
(14) An assessment of the impact of any 
recommended changes to the operation of the defense commissary system on com-missary patrons, including morale and reten-tion. 
(15) An assessment of the actual interest of 
major grocery retailers in the management and operations of all, or part, of the existing defense commissary system. 
(16) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on off-installation prices of similar products available in the system. 
(17) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system, and conversion of the Defense Commissary Agency workforce to non-appropriated fund status, on employment of military family members, particularly with respect to pay, benefits, and job security. 
(18) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on Exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recre-ation (MWR) quality-of-life programs. 
(c) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary shall consult previous studies and sur-veys on matters appropriate to the report re-quired by subsection (a), including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The January 2015 Final Report of the 
Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
(2) The 2014 Military Family Lifestyle Sur-
vey Comprehensive Report. 
(3) The 2013 Living Patterns Survey. (4) The report required by section 634 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291) on the management, food, and pricing options for the defense commissary system. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment by the Comptroller General of the re-port required by subsection (a). 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DEFINITION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF DEFINITION  
AND POLICY .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, on the definition used by the Department of Defense 
for and the policy of the Department regard-ing software maintenance, particularly with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.039 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4241 June 17, 2015 
respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software 
sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot- level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or another appropriate independent entity with expertise in matters described in subsection (a), selected by the Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assessment obtained 
for purposes of subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Department of Defense (including space systems), each of the following: 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current pro-
grams with regard to the size, scope, and cost of software to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support soft-ware, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and re-liance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in re-
gards to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and controlled source of maintenance and sustainment on software for its weapon sys-tems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to ma-
teriel readiness of current Department weap-on systems related to software costs, delays, re-work, integration and functional testing, defects, and documentation errors. 
(D) Other matters as identified by the Sec-
retary. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the assessment obtained for purposes of sub-section (a) shall include review and analysis regarding sole-source contracts, range of competition, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab ini-tial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation authority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the De-partment. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide the independent entity described in subsection (b)with timely access to appropriate infor-mation, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment as required under such subsection. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, there is 
one last comment I wish to make. This is something that doesn’t happen on the Senate floor. But the Senator from Arizona is indeed a very good friend. We disagree on this amendment. We will have a chance to have a vote on it. But the fact that he did make a com-mitment that I would have the vote is very meaningful to me, and he did keep his word, and I thank him very much. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 10 min-utes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish 
to inform the body that I had a very good conversation with Secretary Kerry just a few minutes ago. Many of you may have been following the news. There was a statement attributed to Secretary Kerry that the possible mili-tary dimension of the Iranian nuclear program was no longer a priority in 
terms of reconciling what they have been doing in a military fashion with their nuclear program. Some of the words were to the effect that there will be no mea culpa required. 
I just got off the phone with him, and 
he indicated to me that possible mili-tary dimensions of the program in terms of the Iranian past behavior are very much on the table and essential to any agreement. 
April 8, 2015, here is what Secretary 
Kerry said. When asked in April if Iran must disclose past military-related nu-clear activities as part of an agree-ment, Secretary Kerry said: They have to do it. It will be done. If there is going to be a deal, it will be done. 
Secretary Kerry reaffirmed to me 
that statement. I appreciate his calling me. I want the body to understand that a good deal with Iran would be a bless-ing. A bad deal would be a nightmare. The IAEA has not had access to the sites they need in terms of evaluating the possible military dimensions of the Iranian program and have not been al-lowed to go to Parchin, where we sus-pect that high explosive detonation was being tested as part of their nu-clear weapons ambition. 
There are three things that the IAEA 
wants to look at before it can pass judgment over how far the Iranian nu-clear program has gone down the mili-tary road. I can’t imagine any deal that does not fully and completely an-swer every question about possible military dimensions of the Iranian nu-clear program, because if you don’t un-derstand what they have done in the past, you don’t know where you are in terms of going forward, and you can’t have a meaningful inspection regime until you understand what they try to do in terms of our military dimension. 
I really do appreciate Secretary 
Kerry calling me. The one thing we learned about the Iranians and their nuclear program is that they cannot be trusted. They have lied, and they have cheated at every turn. There can be no wiggle room when it comes to the Ira-nians and a nuclear deal. Anytime, anywhere inspections are absolutely a must. Understanding their possible military dimensions is an absolute in-gredient along with others. 
I am glad to have received this phone 
call from Secretary Kerry. But all of us need to be aware of whom we are deal-ing with when it comes to the Iranians and get every i dotted and every t crossed before you would even enter-tain a deal with the Iranians. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? Mr. GRAHAM. Absolutely. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Is it my understanding 
from the Senator’s statement that Sec-retary Kerry is now saying that was not an accurate quote of his—— 
Mr. GRAHAM. Yes. Mr. M
CCAIN. That it was not urgent 
that the previous activities concerning the development of nuclear weapons would be absolutely required? 
Mr. GRAHAM. Yes. He indicated that 
the statement that was attributed to him was taken out of context, and he reaffirmed to me on the phone that possible military dimensions are an es-sential part of the deal, as he indicated on April 8, 2015. I think he is issuing a statement or his office is right now. I think it is important for the body to understand that Secretary Kerry wants to clear up the record. I applaud him for that. 
I hope we can get a deal we all can 
live with. But at the end of the day, you have to remember who we are deal-ing with in terms of the Iranians. They have lied. They have cheated. When it comes to the military dimensions of their program, it is essential we know every detail before we can move for-ward with confidence. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I ask addition-
ally this: Did the Senator from South Carolina have an opportunity to ask Secretary Kerry about the latest infor-mation concerning Iranians who are now supplying weapons to the Taliban—the same Taliban that has killed many hundreds of Americans and wounded thousands of others? In other words, did you have a chance to ask the Secretary why we are pursuing this agreement while the Iranians’ lat-est activity is supplying arms to the Taliban to kill Americans; the support of the Shiite militias in Iraq; the sup-port of the Houthis in other countries, including Yemen; the support of the Iranians for Hezbollah in Lebanon, which in Syria is killing off the Free Syrian Army forces that we are sup-porting; and the continued develop-ment by Iran of a nuclear warhead and the vehicle with which to deliver it? I wonder if the Senator from South Carolina had the chance to ask the Secretary of State about those events and situations that exist in the Middle East today. 
Mr. GRAHAM. No, I did not. We 
talked specifically about his state-ments. But I understand the concern of the Senator from Arizona about the idea of doing an agreement with the Iranians that would give them money to fund what I think has been a very destructive war machine. 
From my point of view, we need to 
look at the Iranian behavior holis-tically and understand the con-sequences of flooding this administra-tion with cash—the Iranian adminis-tration with cash—given the fact that what they are doing today is using whatever resources they have under sanctions to destabilize the Mideast. I doubt if any additional funds, if sanc-tions were relieved, would go to build 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.022 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4242 June 17, 2015 
hospitals or roads. I think they would 
go into the activity you just described. But this conversation was limited to the statement attributed to him yes-terday. I think all of us should be very attuned to what is going on with these negotiations, as it is the most impor-tant decision any administration will make probably in modern history. The consequences of a bad deal are enor-mous. You could start a nuclear arms race in the Mideast. At the end of the day, the behavior of the Iranians, apart from their nuclear ambitions, is at best disturbing and should be, in my view, part of any negotiating package. 
But we are where we are, and I am 
glad to hear from the Secretary him-self that possible military dimensions have to be fully explored and under-stood before you move forward with an agreement. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing Rule XXII, the time until 4 p.m. today be equally divided between the managers or their designees; that at 4 p.m. all post-cloture time be ex-pired; further, that if cloture is in-voked on H.R. 1735, that the time count as if it was invoked at 10 p.m. tonight and that the mandatory quorum call with respect to this cloture motion be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that I be allowed to speak for 10 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TREE STREET YOUTH  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I 
come to the Senate floor with some good news from my home State of Maine. World Refugee Day is this Sat-urday, and I would like to highlight an organization that sprung up spontane-ously in one of our Maine cities that is really making a difference in the lives of young people, particularly young refugees from Somalia, Sudan, and other African countries, helping them to expand their own horizons. As the roots of our refugee and immi-
grant population continue to grow stronger in Maine and in the process strengthen our communities, a group called Tree Street Youth is helping to nurture that growth one student at a time. I have visited the Tree Street Youth, and it is an amazing program. 
Maine’s history, like the rest of 
America, is inexorably linked to immi-gration. With the exception of our na-tive tribes, we are all from somewhere else originally. It began with European immigrants from England, Scotland, and Ireland. People with French herit-age came down from Canada, and Swedes settled in northern Aroostook County in Maine. African Americans were brought here against their will, but they became part of the stock of this country. For years, immigrants in Maine found work in mills, farms, and fields, and now their descendants are our leaders—business leaders, political leaders, our neighbors, our friends, and our family. 
Just as previous waves of immigrants 
have come to Maine in search of a bet-ter life for themselves and their chil-dren, newer immigrants—including ref-ugees, asylees, and asylum seekers from Somalia, South Sudan, and sev-eral central African countries—are making new homes in Maine and mak-ing Maine more diverse, more dynamic, and a better place in the process. 
I think it is important to point out 
that these refugees are people we have, in effect, invited to come to this coun-try because the conditions in their former countries were so unstable or because they feared persecution. These people are not illegal immigrants. They are people, and they are not ille-gal aliens. They are people here under a legal process. They are looking for a new start, and they are willing to work hard, as we learned in Maine. But any-one who finds themselves in an entirely new and unfamiliar situation—in a sit-uation where they may not be familiar with the language—can always use some help and support, and groups such as the Tree Street Youth in Lewiston are so important and can have such a huge impact because they smooth the transition and help promote coopera-tion and understanding within the community and particularly the tran-sition of young people. 
This remarkable organization was 
founded in 2011 by two former Bates College students located in the city of Lewiston—Julia Sleeper and Kim Sul-livan. They recognized the need for such a group—for such a facility. Tree Street Youth is dedicated to sup-porting young people in the Lewiston- Auburn area through academics, the arts, and athletics. The organization, which originally grew out of a simple after-school homework help program, now provides local youth with a safe space to promote healthy physical, so-cial, emotional, and academic develop-ment. 
Through its flourishing arts, college 
prep, and job-training programs, Tree Street is not only giving young people 
the tools, support, and confidence they need to succeed, but it is also helping to bring all students from all back-grounds in the city of Lewiston to-gether. 
Tree Street Youth has proven to be a 
tremendous resource in Lewiston and Auburn, particularly for young people from immigrant families. The support services and sense of community that is provided there empowers these 
young people to be independent and productive members of society. While integrating into the community can be difficult for recent immigrants, refu-gees, and their families, the Tree Street experience helps to connect young people to their peers and to the community as a whole. This is a two- way street of understanding that helps bring our communities together. 
For example, Tree Street Youth had 
an annual banquet this past May, and it was, I am told, a fun and emotional event and a showcase that allowed the Tree Street students to share some of their talents with the Lewiston-Au-burn community. I am told that after students gave a variety of inspiring po-etry readings, dance, and other per-formances about their experiences, it was hard to find a dry eye in the house. That really speaks to the life-changing power that this organization has brought to our community. 
Just as Tree Street Youth improves 
young lives, these young people can in turn improve Maine and America. We need motivated, talented, and creative people from all backgrounds if we are going to keep pace with the rest of the world. We need students like Muna Mu-hammad, whom I met here just a few weeks ago when she represented Maine in the Senate Youth Leadership Pro-gram. Muna, whose family is from So-malia, is the president of her class at Lewiston High School, serves as a stu-dent representative on the Lewiston school committee, is involved in her school’s speech, mock trial, and civil rights teams, and has a long list of other accomplishments. They highlight her remarkable leadership qualities, which radiate when you meet her. 
This is what America is all about. It 
is about families from around the world finding a new start, bringing with them new perspectives, new ideas, and new hope for the future. It is the mainspring of the American experi-ence. It is about a melting pot of peo-ples, cultures, and ideas that create a tapestry that is much stronger than any single thread. 
Welcoming new people and cultures 
hasn’t always been easy, and it is not easy. Sometimes our differences are more immediately apparent than our similarities, but over the years, immi-grants and refugees have proven to be an irreplaceable part—the essential part—of who America is. 
This wonderful organization started 
spontaneously in one of our great cities of Maine. Tree Street Youth has proven that support and community engage-ment can help ease that transition and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.041 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4243 June 17, 2015 
create a brighter future for those stu-
dents, for Maine, and for our entire country. That is good news for Maine and good news for the United States. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PORTS ACT  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the PORTS Act, legis-lation I have introduced to protect the American economy from crippling labor disputes at our seaports. Some-body asked why a Senator from Colo-rado was interested in legislation deal-ing with the work stoppage or slow-down that occurred on our ports on the west coast. Well, I will tell you why. 
I was contacted by numerous busi-
nesses and people that had their entire furniture lines taken out of their fur-niture stores. I talked to ranchers who had to face threats of a $1 billion ag ex-port market. I talked to onion growers who watched as their domestic com-modity prices crashed due to the port slowdown. I watched as stories were written in newspapers about apple growers in Washington unable to ex-port apples so they dumped apples just to rot in the fields in Washington State. 
Trade through U.S. seaports is crit-
ical. We have been spending weeks on this floor and the floor of the House talking about the Trans-Pacific Part-nership and talking about the impor-tance of trade promotion authority, and none of that is possible without an active, successful port system in this country. 
According to the American Associa-
tion of Port Authorities, U.S. ports support 23 million jobs, and the value of related economic activity accounts for 26 percent of our national gross do-mestic product. 
Contract negotiations and related 
labor disputes at our ports clog up these vital arteries and lead to delays, higher costs, and lost business for in-dustries throughout our country. Strikes, lockouts, and slowdowns may have been business as usual for labor unions in the past, but an increasingly global economy means that the collat-eral damage done to American workers and businesses has increased exponen-tially. 
The U.S. economy recently endured a 
9-month labor dispute that affected all 29 of our west coast ports. The result-ing logistical nightmare caused delays, higher costs, and lost businesses for in-dustries in Colorado and throughout the United States. Ships full of cargo were anchored off our coast waiting for longshoremen to do their job on un-loading international goods and load-ing American-made products for ship-ment to markets across the world. In 
Los Angeles and Long Beach alone, dozens of container ships sat anchored and idle. 
After 9 months and huge financial 
costs to our national economy, the par-ties reached an agreement in February to allow cargo to begin moving nor-mally through the west coast ports again. Four months later, we are fi-nally seeing that congestion beginning to ease, but it has taken this long. 
Many economists, including the Fed-
eral Reserve Board of Governors cited the labor dispute as a primary cause of the 0.7-percent decline in GDP in the first quarter of 2015. That means 29 west coast ports were primarily respon-sible for a 0.7-percent decline in GDP. 
Agricultural exports, including ap-
ples, hay, and Christmas trees lost ex-port opportunities to overseas cus-tomers because they couldn’t get prod-ucts to market. Meat and poultry com-panies lost sales and faced port charges in excess of $30 million per week. Re-tail shipments were delayed from reaching store shelves, and some stores resorted to expensive air freight to stock goods. Manufacturers waiting on shipments had to shut down production lines and risked losing contracts with foreign customers. 
Colorado supplies Asia with over $500 
million in beef products through the west coast ports, which accounts for about 23 percent of Colorado’s total ex-ports and 57 percent of Colorado’s international exports. These and other meat and poultry exporters saw many of their products spoil as shipments were turned away at the port gates. 
Grain, machine parts, coal, fishing 
supplies, furniture, fresh produce, and pliable metals are all products of Colo-rado, and all were damaged by the labor dispute. 
Our exporters’ relationships with 
Asian customers disintegrated as their orders were caught in the bottleneck. And storefronts lost customers because products took months to reach show floors. 
When Congress enacted Taft-Hartley 
nearly 70 years ago, Congress decided the health and reputation of the great-est economy in the world should not be used as leverage in labor contract ne-
gotiations. 
The opening statement of the act ex-
plains that Congress intended to mini-mize ‘‘industrial strife which interferes with the normal flow of commerce.’’ That means current law had provided a remedy, but unfortunately the admin-istration did not use it. 
Under that very provision of Taft- 
Hartley, when a labor dispute threat-ens the national economy, the Presi-dent is empowered to use the Federal courts to seek an injunction to end labor practices causing widespread dis-ruptions. With 70 years of case law backing it up, this is a tried-and-true process that ensures that the self-in-terests and greed of a few does not im-pact the livelihoods of the many. 
Yet, when the west coast ports dis-
pute threatened businesses and entire industries in States across the country, 
the President refused to act. For months, the Federal Executive decided not to exercise his authority under Taft-Hartley, depriving the country of critical dispute resolution powers. 
Legislation I have introduced, known 
as the PORTS Act, prevents this kind of economic disruption. It would dis-courage disruptions at U.S. ports by strengthening and expanding the well- known Taft-Hartley process. 
As we saw recently, the President of 
the United States may not be willing to adequately protect the economic rights and interests of American citi-zens. The PORTS Act would solve this by granting State Governors Taft- Hartley powers currently reserved for the President. 
A Governor from any State would 
have the opportunity to form a board of inquiry and start the Taft-Hartley process whenever a port labor dispute is causing economic harm. Once the board reports back, any Governor can petition Federal courts to enjoin slow-downs, strikes or lockouts at ports in their State. 
The act would also explicitly include 
slowdowns as a trigger for Taft-Hartley powers, preventing the President or Governors from using legal ambiguity to excuse an action. As a result, this legislation would give a stronger voice to local leaders by allowing those who are most affected by disruptions—local community leaders, business, employ-ees, and consumers—to apply pressure on their Governors rather than trying to mobilize a national campaign to convince the President to act. 
In just 5 years, the labor contracts at 
both the east coast and the west coast 
ports will expire, possibly leading to labor disputes on both ends of the country. When the health of the na-tional economy is threatened, the Fed-eral Government has a duty to act, but it is clear the current Taft-Hartley powers depend too heavily on who con-trols the Presidency. 
It is critical that we have the nec-
essary tools in place to prevent an-other debilitating crisis. So I urge my fellow colleagues to join me in sup-porting this important legislation. Countless retail organizations, indi-vidual businesses, and people across this country recognize the need to avoid in 5 years simultaneous slow-downs or shutdowns on the east and west coasts—what we just went through. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
KING V . BURWELL DECISION  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, people 
across the country are eagerly antici-pating the Supreme Court’s decision in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.043 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4244 June 17, 2015 
King v. Burwell and for good reason. 
This case will likely determine once and for all whether the Obama admin-istration violated its own law when it opted to issue health insurance tax subsidies to those who purchased insur-ance on federally run exchanges. 
Many have argued that this decision 
by the Supreme Court will determine the fate of the so-called Affordable Care Act. While that argument may be a little dramatic, it isn’t far off. 
I have my own views on how the 
Court should rule in this case. Indeed, I have made it abundantly clear that in my view, the statute unambiguously limits the availability of premium tax subsidies to insurance plans purchased on State-run exchanges. I have also stated numerous times my belief that the Obama administration overstepped its authority and broke its own law when it offered subsidies to patients on exchanges established by the Federal Government. 
However, as we all await the outcome 
of the case, we need to be clear on one point. Regardless of how the Court rules in King v. Burwell, ObamaCare will continue to inflict harm on pa-tients and taxpayers until it is re-pealed and replaced with sensible, pa-tient-centered reform. 
Last week, President Obama reiter-
ated that he had no alternative plan in place in the event that the Supreme Court rules against the administration in this case. On top of that, he flip-pantly stated that ‘‘Congress could fix this whole thing with a one-sentence provision.’’ 
Nothing could be further from the 
truth. 
The problems with ObamaCare are so 
fundamental and convoluted that the idea that the entire law could be fixed in one sentence borders on laughable. 
The President and his allies in Con-
gress have gotten pretty good at cher-ry-picking favorable data points in order to claim that ObamaCare is working, but the overall numbers do not lie. Earlier this month, the admin-istration announced proposed rate hikes of 10 percent or more for health insurance plans that enroll more than 6 million people in 41 States. This is just the latest premium hike patients and consumers have seen under ObamaCare, despite the fact that the authors of the law—including the President himself—promised it would bring costs down. 
The failure to reduce costs isn’t the 
only broken promise we have seen with ObamaCare. Millions of Americans have lost their insurance plans and their doctors due to the overly burden-some mandates embedded in the law. Many of these same people were forced to navigate a failed Web site that jeop-ardized their private information. Oth-ers were forced to purchase plans that included coverage they didn’t need or want. 
As a result of this misguided law, 
many hard-working taxpayers received incorrect tax documents relating to their premium subsidies, followed by a surprise tax bill. Just yesterday, the Department of Health and Human 
Services Office of the Inspector Gen-eral issued a report noting that the ad-ministration did not have systems in place to ensure that ObamaCare credits that went out last year were accurate. This vulnerability may be leading to untold billions in fraud, waste, and abuse. 
I could go on. The problems and hard-
ships associated with ObamaCare have been well documented, and none of them can be solved with a one-sentence bill. 
Millions of Americans have already 
suffered under ObamaCare, and if over the next few weeks the Supreme Court confirms that the administration broke the law by offering subsidies on Fed-eral exchanges, millions more will face the negative consequences of this poor-ly drafted statute. In fact, a study pub-lished today by Avalere shows that these consumers could face annual pre-mium contribution increases of $3,300 in 2015. 
Fortunately, Republicans in Congress 
have a transition plan to protect these patients. Indeed, there is a wide con-sensus that should the Court rule against the government in King v. Burwell, we need to act to protect Americans from further suffering at the hands of ObamaCare’s broken promises. 
Toward that end, I support a transi-
tion plan that provides temporary fi-nancial assistance to those who would lose subsidies as a result of the Court’s decision, to help them to keep their in-surance if they want it. 
At the same time, the transition plan 
should peel back ObamaCare’s burden-some mandates, give individuals more flexibility to purchase coverage that meets their needs, and give States the ability to develop policies to better serve their citizens. 
This temporary transition should 
build a bridge that gets us away from ObamaCare and puts us on a path to-ward lasting, patient-centered reform. Of course, this ultimate goal will have to wait until a new administration is in place—one that is actually willing to work with Congress to address the actual needs of patients and taxpayers. 
Despite the claims of uninformed 
critics, Republicans in Congress have been working for months to ensure that a transition plan will be ready when the Court delivers its ruling. And, make no mistake, we will do our best to be ready. 
At the same time, Republicans in 
both Chambers have worked together to put forward substantive and work-able alternatives that would perma-nently replace the President’s health care law with reforms that increase pa-tient choice and reduce the role of the Federal Government in health care. 
I am a coauthor of one such plan 
called the Patient CARE Act. I, along with Chairman A
LEXANDER and Con-
gressman U PTON in the House, released 
the latest version of this plan earlier this year. The plan has gotten high marks from a number of analysts and publications. So while it is a common refrain by 
supporters of ObamaCare that chaos will ensue if the Court rules against the government in King v. Burwell, the facts tell a much different story. Re-publicans in Congress will be ready to respond quickly and decisively to any possible outcome. 
Now, let’s be clear. None of us knows 
how the Court is going to rule in this case. I have heard analyses and pre-dictions that vary across the board. But no matter how this particular case turns out, we know for certain that ObamaCare has been a dismal failure for American patients and hard-work-ing taxpayers. This entire case is yet another reminder of how, more than 5 years after it was signed, this bill con-tinues to cause problems. No matter how the Court rules in King v. Burwell, we need to chart a different course on health care for the American people. 
Let’s face it. One reason we would set 
up a timeframe in case the Supreme Court rules against Secretary Burwell and the administration is that we need to set up a timeline where we can work on these matters and hopefully bring a national consensus to bear. Only so will we be able to resolve the problems that will be found—that are there—if we don’t do what is right. So it is going to take some time. That is why we sug-gest that there should be time leading well into the next administration to be able to work on this to accomplish these matters and, during that time, make sure nobody is hurt because of the decision of King v. Burwell should it go against the government. 
This is one of the great problems of 
our time, and there is no simple an-swer, but we know we can’t continue under the current law of ObamaCare as it is written. If we do, we are just going to continue to go down a sinkhole of expenditures, debts, doctors leaving their profession, and an inability to provide the health care that so glow-ingly was spoken of by this administra-tion. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator with-
hold? 
Mr. HATCH. I am glad to withhold. Mr. INHOFE. First of all, let me say 
the senior Senator from Utah is doing a yeoman’s job of exposing some of the fraudulent things we have been in-volved in for ObamaCare over this pe-riod of time, and I applaud him for that. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1911, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Earlier today, I made a motion that 
was incomplete, and I wish to correct it, having to do with a drafting error. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Hatch amendment No. 1911 be further modified to address a drafting error. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The amendment, as further modified, 
is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.045 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4245 June 17, 2015 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT AND ASSESSMENT OF PO-
TENTIAL COSTS AND BENEFITS OF PRIVATIZING DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMMISSARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the viability of privatizing, in whole or in part, the Department of De-fense commissary system. The report shall be so submitted to Congress before the devel-opment of any plans or pilot program to pri-vatize defense commissaries or the defense commissary system. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
(1) A methodology for defining the total 
number and locations of commissaries. 
(2) An evaluation of commissary use by lo-
cation in the following beneficiary cat-egories: 
(A) Pay grades E–1 through E–4. (B) Pay grades E–5 through E–7. (C) Pay grades E–8 and E–9. (D) Pay grades O–1 through O–3. (E) Pay grades O–4 through O–6. (F) Pay grades O–7 through O–10. (G) Military retirees. (3) An evaluation of commissary use in lo-
cations outside the continental United States and in remote and isolated locations in the continental United States when com-pared with other locations. 
(4) An evaluation of the cost of com-
missary operations during fiscal years 2009 through 2014. 
(5) An assessment of potential savings and 
efficiencies to be achieved through imple-mentation of some or all of recommenda-tions of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission. 
(6) A description and evaluation of the 
strategy of the Defense Commissary Agency for pricing products sold at commissaries. 
(7) A description and evaluation of the 
transportation strategy of the Defense Com-missary Agency for products sold at com-missaries. 
(8) A description and evaluation of the for-
mula of the Defense Commissary Agency for calculating savings for its customers as a re-sult of its pricing strategy. 
(9) An evaluation of the average savings 
per household garnered by commissary use. 
(10) A description and evaluation of the use 
of private contractors and vendors as part of the defense commissary system. 
(11) An assessment of costs or savings, and 
potential impacts to patrons and the Govern-ment, of privatizing the defense commissary system, including potential increased use of Government assistance programs. 
(12) A description and assessment of poten-
tial barriers to privatization of the defense commissary system. 
(13) An assessment of the extent to which 
patron savings would remain after the pri-vatization of the defense commissary sys-tem. 
(14) An assessment of the impact of any 
recommended changes to the operation of the defense commissary system on com-missary patrons, including morale and reten-tion. 
(15) An assessment of the actual interest of 
major grocery retailers in the management and operations of all, or part, of the existing defense commissary system. 
(16) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on off-installation prices of similar products available in the system. 
(17) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system, and conversion of the Defense Commissary 
Agency workforce to non-appropriated fund status, on employment of military family members, particularly with respect to pay, benefits, and job security. 
(18) An assessment of the impact of privat-
ization of the defense commissary system on Exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recre-ation (MWR) quality-of-life programs. 
(c) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary shall consult previous studies and sur-veys on matters appropriate to the report re-
quired by subsection (a), including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The January 2015 Final Report of the 
Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
(2) The 2014 Military Family Lifestyle Sur-
vey Comprehensive Report. 
(3) The 2013 Living Patterns Survey. (4) The report required by section 634 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291) on the management, food, and pricing options for the defense commissary system. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment by the Comptroller General of the re-port required by subsection (a). Section 652 of the Act shall be null and void. 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DEFINITION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF DEFINITION  
AND POLICY .—Not later than March 15, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, on the definition used by the Department of Defense for and the policy of the Department regard-ing software maintenance, particularly with respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot- level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or another appropriate independent entity with expertise in matters described in subsection (a), selected by the Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assessment obtained 
for purposes of subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Department of Defense (including space systems), each of the following: 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current pro-
grams with regard to the size, scope, and cost of software to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support soft-ware, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and re-liance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in re-
gards to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and controlled source of maintenance and sustainment on software for its weapon sys-tems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to ma-
teriel readiness of current Department weap-on systems related to software costs, delays, re-work, integration and functional testing, defects, and documentation errors. 
(D) Other matters as identified by the Sec-
retary. (2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the assessment obtained for purposes of sub-section (a) shall include review and analysis regarding sole-source contracts, range of 
competition, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab ini-tial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation authority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the De-partment. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide the independent entity described in subsection (b)with timely access to appropriate infor-mation, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment as required under such subsection. 
Mr. INHOFE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, shortly 
we will have a vote. I would like to say a few words about the legislation be-fore we do. How much time is remain-ing? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. About 13 
minutes remains. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I say to my colleagues, 
this Defense Authorization Act is a re-form bill. I repeat: It is a reform bill— a reform bill that will enable our mili-tary to rise to the challenges of a more dangerous world both today and in the future. It tackles acquisition reform, military retirement reform, personnel reform, headquarters and management reform. 
We identified $10 billion of excess and 
unnecessary spending from the Presi-dent’s budget request. We are rein-vesting it in military capabilities for our warfighters and reforms that can yield long-term savings for the Depart-ment of Defense. We did all of this while upholding our commitments to our servicemembers, retirees, and their families. 
On acquisition reform, we put the 
services back into the acquisition proc-ess, created new mechanisms to ensure accountability for results, streamlined regulation, and opened up the defense acquisition process to our Nation’s innovators. 
On military reform, we modernized 
and improved our military retirement system. Today, 83 percent of service-members leave the service with no re-tirement assets or benefits. Under this new plan, 75 percent of servicemembers would get benefits. This reform, over time, is estimated to save $15 billion per year in the outyears. 
On management reform, we ensure 
that the Department of Defense and the military services are using precious defense dollars to fulfill their missions and defend the Nation, not expand their bloated staffs. Targeted reduc-tions in headquarters and administra-tive staff in this legislation—which is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.023 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4246 June 17, 2015 
7.5-percent mandated reduction per 
year, up to a 30-percent reduction in the size of headquarters and adminis-trative staff—will generate $1.7 billion in savings just for fiscal year 2016. 
With these savings and billions more 
identified throughout the bill, we ac-celerated shipbuilding, added an up-graded fighter aircraft, invested in key modernization priorities across the services, and met our commanders’ most urgent needs. As adversaries threaten our military technological ad-vantage, the bill looks to the future and invests in new breakthrough tech-nologies, including directed energy and unmanned combat aircraft. 
The legislation is a reflection of the 
growing threats we face in the world. The legislation authorizes nearly $3.8 billion in support for Afghan security forces as they continue to defend their country in the gains of the last decade against our common enemies. The leg-islation authorizes the provision of de-fensive lethal assistance to Ukraine to help it build combat capability and de-fend its sovereign territory. It supports the efforts by Lebanon and Jordan to secure their borders against ISIL. It creates a new initiative to help South-east Asian nations build maritime do-main awareness capabilities to address growing sovereignty challenges in the South China Sea. 
This is an ambitious piece of legisla-
tion, but in the times we live in, that is exactly what we need. 
Henry Kissinger told our committee 
earlier this year that our Nation faces the most diverse and complex array of crises since the end of World War II. Rising to these challenges requires bold reform to our national defense. This legislation represents a strong first step in that direction. 
As I said, this is a reform bill. This is 
an authorizing bill. This brings about much needed reforms. I cannot go to the people of Arizona and justify de-fense spending when there is a $2.4 bil-lion cost overrun on an aircraft carrier, when there are a number of weapons systems which billions of dollars have been invested in and which have never become reality. That system has to be reformed. That is what this bill does. 
We have to reform our military re-
tirement system. We allow people, after just 2 years of service, to con-tribute to their own retirement. Today, they have to wait 20 years in order to do that. 
We upgrade fighter aircraft. We tell the defense industry that 
they cannot have those cost overruns. If there are cost overruns, the service chiefs have to personally sign that they know of, are aware of, and are taking action to prevent further cost overruns. 
So there is a lot in this legislation. It 
is an authorizing legislation. That is why it disturbs me a great deal to hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saying they want to vote against it because of OCO. That is not suffi-cient reason in these times. If they want to fight against OCO, the place to 
do it—the overseas contingency oper-ation money which brings up author-izing spending to the same level that the President has requested—if they want to do that, then let’s have that fight in another arena. But let’s not take away from the men and women who are serving in this military the equipment and the training and the leadership that is demanded in the world as it is today—in the words of Henry Kissinger, more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of World War II. 
So I urge all of my colleagues to re-
state their commitment to the defense of this Nation by voting in favor of this legislation and cloture prior to that. I urge my colleagues—all of them—to understand that we can fight about this funding situation, the need to re-peal sequestration—sequestration is destroying our military’s capability to defend this Nation. Every uniformed service leader who appeared before the Armed Services Committee said that with sequestration, we are putting the lives of the men and women in uniform at greater risk. We should not do that. We ask young men and women to vol-unteer for the military, and yet we here in Congress won’t take action to keep them from being placed in greater danger. That is an abrogation of our re-sponsibility. This bill does not fix all that, but it certainly is a major step in the right direction. 
Almost all of this legislation was 
done on a bipartisan basis. There were literally—there were some small dis-agreements, but overall the committee together. 
Now, at the behest of their leadership 
and perhaps the President of the United States, they are so torqued up about OCO that they may vote against this legislation’s passage, and that, my friends, is an abrogation of their re-sponsibility to the men and women who are serving this country. If they choose to vote against this legislation on the grounds that they are opposed to the funding mechanism used to do so, then they have their priorities up-side down, and I intend to tell the American people about it because I be-lieve that we are not serving the men and women who are serving this coun-try to the best of their ability and not receiving the support they need and de-serve from the Senate of the United States of America. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1911, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I am 
speaking on an amendment that the Senate will be voting on shortly, the Inhofe-Mikulski amendment. Really, the amendment was led by the distin-
guished Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE . This is really about com-
missaries. 
We are here ready to vote on the De-
partment of Defense authorization. We want to stand up for our troops. One of the most important things we can do is to stand up for their families. 
Senator I
NHOFE and I are deeply con-
cerned that DOD has the misguided viewpoint that shrinking or elimi-nating or privatizing the commissaries will save money for the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense. We do not even know what the impact of that will be. Sen-ator I
NHOFE , with my encouragement 
and support, wants to have an amend-ment that would actually look at the impact of privatization and a private program to do so. So I want my side of the aisle to know we stand shoulder to shoulder on this. The Senator from Oklahoma has done an outstanding job as always in standing up for the troops and their very important benefits. 
I note that he is on the floor. I ask 
that when the rollcall is called, we sup-port the Inhofe-Mikulski amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for a couple of minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first, I 
wish to say to the Senator from Mary-land how much I appreciate the fact that we are reaching across the aisle and doing something that is right for the kids who are out there risking their lives for us. 
I make it a habit to go to the areas 
of combat with regularity, as do other members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I always get a chance to really talk with and get to know them. You learn a lot more by talking to the kids in the mess hall there than you do by going to the committee hear-ings here in the United States. 
One of the things they have a real 
love for, as I am sure the Senator from Maryland suggested to you, is the com-missary. In some areas that are re-mote, there is no competition. There aren’t any Walmarts around; there is just a commissary. And there is almost a fraternal belief and feeling, as people go around—particularly, the spouses will meet there. They will do their shopping there. It is something that is very serious to them. 
There is language in this bill that 
says that they will take an experiment in some five different areas that have large commissaries, go ahead and pri-vatize those, and then after that takes place, do an assessment as to whether they should be privatized. 
This amendment is very simple. It 
merely says: Let’s do the assessment first. Why go ahead and close these commissaries if we find that is some-thing that we should not, in fact, do? 
We have so many interests. First of 
all, we have—as I am sure the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.049 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4247 June 17, 2015 
from Maryland mentioned—we have 
some 25 cosponsors already. This is without real effort. We also have some 41 organizations supporting this bill. 
I see that the time is up. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. I yield to the Chair. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1911, AS FURTHER  
MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to Hatch amendment No. 1911, as further modi-fied. 
The amendment (No. 1911), as further 
modified, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1456 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the yeas and nays be vitiated. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to 
McCain amendment No. 1456. 
The amendment (No. 1456) was agreed 
to. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that it be in order to make a point of order against all the pending nongermane amendments en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1564, AS MODIFIED ; 1825; 1559, 
AS MODIFIED ; 1543, AS MODIFIED ; 1645; AND 1486  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I make a 
point of order that the following amendments are not germane: amend-ments Nos. 1564, 1825, 1559, 1543, 1645, and 1486. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
point of order is sustained, and the amendments fall. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1463, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 1463, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 1463), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
GARDNER ). By unanimous consent, the 
mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 84, 
nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 214 Leg.] 
YEAS—84 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—14 
Baldwin Brown Casey Cruz Franken Gillibrand 
Leahy Manchin Markey Merkley Reid 
Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Lee Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 84, the nays are 14. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE YOUTH 
TOUR 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I rise 
this evening in support of more than 1,700 high school students who happen to be in our Nation’s capital, in fact, this week. They are part of the Electric Cooperative Youth Tour. During this year’s tour, students will participate in leadership training and gain firsthand insight into the legislative process. 
Those electric cooperatives that 
sponsor these kids coming to Wash-ington, DC, from my State, yours, and every other State across the country, are more than just poles and wires. They are about people and commu-nities. Recognizing that youth are the future of those communities is what the rural electric cooperative program is all about—sending 51 students to Washington, DC, for 51 straight years, so future leaders can have a front-row seat to American Government. 
What would rural communities look 
like without power? That is pretty dif-
ficult to imagine. Think about the power of electric cooperatives. Sure, our local electric co-ops keep the lights on, but, as I say, they do much more than that. Co-ops are not-for-profits and owned by their members. They rec-ognize the need to invest in future gen-erations. Co-ops give back to the com-munities they serve, and the Youth Tour is proof of that. 
Each year, I enjoy taking time to 
visit with Kansans who are part of the Youth Tour because they are among the most energetic, engaging, and re-spectful young men and women I see throughout the year in Washington, DC. It is always valuable for us to have folks from our home States come and visit us, but it is especially pleasing to have these young men and women visit us. In my view, it is a program that has figured out how to find the best and brightest and those with the greatest interest and find a way for them to come to Washington, DC, and see our Nation’s Capitol and hopefully inspire them to continue their interest in gov-ernment and politics throughout their lives. 
Youth Tour alumni have gone on to 
become university presidents, Fortune 500 CEOs, Members of Congress, and built lifelong friendships. In fact, just last week I had Jacob Helm in my of-fice. He is from Norcatur, KS, a small town along the Colorado-Nebraska part of our State. Jacob is an individual I nominated to attend the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, and he just graduated. He is now engaged to a fellow Youth Tour alumna, Michelle Peschel of Axtell, KS, which is on the other side of the State—Nebraska more than the Mis-souri part of our State. Both Jacob and Michelle grew up in communities of fewer than 500 people, and I am proud to see them giving back to their State and their country. They became en-
gaged as a result of meeting each other on a Youth Tour back when they were in high school and will soon be mar-ried. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.053 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4248 June 17, 2015 
My own interest in public service 
stemmed from a summer internship from my Congressman when I was in college, and I am hopeful that visits like these that the rural electric co-operatives provide for these young men and women—these visits to Wash-ington, DC—will inspire these young people to get involved and work to im-prove their hometowns, our State, and our Nation. 
Each of these 1,700 Youth Tour stu-
dents should be commended for being in Washington, DC, this week, just as our co-ops should be commended for re-alizing the need to invest in our future leaders. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT 
GENERAL NOEL T. ‘‘TOM’’ JONES 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, in a 
few short weeks an inspirational mili-tary leader will retire after serving his country proudly for over 35 years. Today I recognize and commend Air Force Lt. Gen. Noel T. ‘‘Tom’’ Jones for his exceptional leadership and serv-ice over those 35 years, most recently as the vice commander of U.S. Air Forces in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, Germany. 
Born to Margaret and Lem Jones, 
General Jones was no stranger to mili-tary service. His father was an F–4 fighter pilot in the U.S. Air Force and retired after 23 years as a lieutenant colonel. His older brother, Lem Jones, Jr., served in the U.S. Army and re-tired as a major. The second oldest son, Ron Jones, served as an enlisted mem-ber in the U.S. Air Force for 6 years. Finally, General Jones’ younger broth-er, James ‘‘Rev’’ Jones, recently re-tired as a major general after a distin-guished career as an Air Force fighter pilot as well. In fact, at one point in time, all four Jones boys were serving in the military at the same time. All told, General Jones moved around to nine different States or countries be-fore even entering college. 
With a calling to serve and fly like 
his father, General Jones was commis-sioned in 1980 following graduation from the U.S. Air Force Academy with a bachelor of science degree in political science. He completed undergraduate pilot training in 1981 and began a long career flying the F–16 Fighting Falcon under the call sign ‘‘Honez.’’ During his career, he served as an instructor pilot and operations officer as well as hold-ing numerous operational command po-sitions. 
An outstanding leader throughout his 
distinguished career, General Jones’ service has spanned the country with assignments in 12 States and across the world with tours at Torrejon Air Base, Spain, Kunsan Air Base, South Korea, Baghdad, Iraq, and Ramstein Air Base, Germany. He has commanded a fighter squadron, operations group, and a fighter wing. Additionally, General Jones commanded the 332nd Expedi-tionary Wing at Ahmed Al Jaber Air Base, Kuwait, during Operation Iraqi Freedom and served for a year in Iraq 
as the director of strategic plans and 
assessment for U.S. Forces-Iraq. 
General Jones has also held staff as-
signments at North American Aero-space Defense Command, Air Combat Command, and the National Security Agency. Prior to his current assign-ment, he was the director, operational capability requirements, deputy chief of staff for operations, plans and re-quirements, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, DC. In his current capacity, General Jones serves as the vice commander, U.S. Air Forces in Eu-rope, the air component to U.S. Euro-pean Command and U.S. Africa Com-mand. The major command is respon-sible for providing full-spectrum warfighting capabilities to the combat-ant commanders throughout the entire area of responsibility, which encom-passes 104 countries in Europe, Africa, Asia and the Middle East, the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans, and possesses more than a quarter of the world’s pop-ulation and more than a quarter of the world’s gross domestic product. 
General Jones is a command pilot 
with more than 3,500 flying hours, in-cluding combat sorties over Iraq in op-erations Southern Watch, Desert Fox and Iraqi Freedom. His military deco-rations include the Air Force Distin-guished Service Medal, Defense Supe-rior Service Medal with oak leaf clus-ter, Legion of Merit with two oak leaf clusters, and Bronze Star Medal, among many others. 
Mr. President, Lt. Gen. Tom ‘‘Honez’’ 
Jones epitomizes the Air Force core values of integrity, service, and excel-lence, and has dedicated his life to serving our Nation. I am proud to say he plans to retire with the rest of the extended Jones Family in Coushatta, LA. Today I join my colleagues in hon-oring his admirable service to our Na-tion and all the airmen, sailors, sol-diers, marines, and civilians, who have served alongside him. We offer our heartfelt appreciation to Tom, his wife Debbie, and their children, Tommy and Danielle, and a hearty congratulation on his retirement from the U.S. Air Force. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KATHY MERCHANT 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize Kathy Merchant, a friend and an accomplished community leader in Greater Cincinnati over the past nearly two decades, on the occa-sion of her receiving the 2015 Northern Kentucky University Lincoln Award. 
Kathy Merchant’s professional ac-
complishments are noteworthy, having served as the president/CEO of the Greater Cincinnati Foundation, GCF, from 1997 until her retirement in May 2015. Prior to joining GCF, Ms. Mer-chant was director of the Pew Chari-table Trusts’ Neighborhood Preserva-tion Initiative and a partner in the consulting firm Holt, Wexler & Mer-chant. 
Recognized as a national leader in 
her field, Ms. Merchant serves on the board of the Boston-based Center for 
Effective Philanthropy and in 2012 joined the national board of the New York-based Local Initiatives Support Corporation. 
Ms. Merchant has served on a number 
of nonprofit boards, including the Na-tional Center for Arts and Technology, Cincinnati USA Chamber, Council on Foundations, Community Foundations of America/GivingNet, Ohio Grant-makers Forum, and the SC Ministry Foundation. 
An advocate for the underserved, Ms. 
Merchant chaired the Strive Partner-ship’s cradle-to-career initiative in Cincinnati—2009 to 2013—where she continues to serve as a member of the executive committee and as an advisor to the national Strive Network. 
Ms. Merchant has earned many pro-
fessional awards, including the YWCA Career Woman of Achievement, 2005; Ohio Philanthropy, 2006; Girl Scouts Woman of Distinction, 2009; Council on Foundations’ Distinguished Grant-maker, 2011; Kentucky Commonwealth, 2012; WE Celebrate Woman of the Year—Nonprofit, 2012; and the Cin-cinnati Public Relations Society of America’s Blacksmiths CEO Communi-cator of the Year, 2013. She was also named a ‘‘Top 50 Power and Influence’’ leader by The NonProfit Times, 2008. 
I would like to congratulate Kathy 
Merchant on the many contributions she has made to the Greater Cincinnati community and beyond. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BOSMA ENTER-
PRISES 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I rise to recognize Bosma Enter-prises on the 100th anniversary of its founding. I commend Bosma for re-maining steadfast in its mission to de-crease the unemployment rate among those who are blind or visually im-paired. 
Since its founding, Bosma Enter-
prises has provided employment oppor-tunities and rehabilitation to visually impaired Hoosiers throughout our State. Originally a public institution created by the Indiana State Legisla-ture in 1915, the Board of Industrial Aid for the Blind was renamed after Charles E. Bosma, an advocate for the blind and visually impaired citizens of Indiana. Indiana State Representative and Speaker of the Indiana House Brian C. Bosma has served as a found-ing director since 1988 when the organi-zation was granted not-for-profit sta-tus. Since then, Bosma has grown tre-mendously. A little more than 15 years ago, Bosma secured a major contract allowing it to package and distribute gloves to hospitals under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Bosma then expanded their con-tract with the Department of Veteran Affairs and began to package and dis-tribute surgical gloves, creating even more jobs. 
Bosma Enterprises has grown into a 
business with more than 200 employees, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JN6.056 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4249 June 17, 2015 
85 of whom are blind or visually im-
paired, making this the largest em-ployer of individuals with visual dis-abilities in the State of Indiana. Bosma relocated to the northwest side of Indi-anapolis 10 years ago, where it doubled in size with increased production, training rooms, and rehabilitation services. Recently, Bosma added a sec-ond location for production, warehousing, and office space. As the only service of its kind and magnitude in the State, Bosma Enterprises con-tinues to make a difference in the daily lives of visually disabled Hoosiers. 
Today, I commend the efforts of 
Bosma Enterprises as it prepares for its future, and the futures of the visually impaired Hoosiers it seeks to help. In-novation and diversification have al-lowed Bosma to grow, provide services to more and more people, and create jobs throughout Indiana. It stands as a shining example of the hard work and service of Hoosiers. I wish Bosma En-terprises continued success towards its noble vision: a future in which the blind and visually impaired will have equal opportunities in every aspect of their lives. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
would like to congratulate Bosma En-terprises on 100 years of success. This organization embodies the Hoosier spirit and improves the lives of vis-ually impaired Hoosiers across the State. Bosma has a proven track record of being an advocate and reliable em-ployer for our visually impaired Hoo-siers. We are proud that Bosma calls Indiana home. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GENE PETERSON 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize Gene Peterson, a native of Culbertson, MT, and an award-winning broadcast anchor. Over this past weekend, Mr. Peterson was inducted into the Montana Broad-casters Hall of Fame for contributing more than 50 years of service to the broadcasting industry in our State. 
A graduate of the Brown Institute in 
Minneapolis, MN, Mr. Peterson moved with his wife and two daughters to Mis-
soula in 1962, where he began working at a modest radio station that he then transformed into a thriving radio group of five stations. 
Mr. Peterson has also undertaken a 
great deal of public service, for which he has been honored in many ways. He has served the city of Missoula as president of the Missoula Chamber of Commerce, president of the Montana Broadcasters Association, Grizzly Scholarship Association, St. Patrick Hospital Advisory Board, YMCA, and the University of Montana President’s Advisory Board. Among his awards for his careers in both broadcasting and public service are Businessman of the Year, the Hugh O’Brien Lifetime Achievement, and Sportsman of the Year. Mr. Peterson has made a difference in 
his years of community service and contributions to our State’s economy. I join Montanans today in honoring him for his years of service to our State. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MINNESOTA OR-
CHESTRA ON ITS VISIT TO CUBA 
∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize the Minnesota Or-chestra and its music director, Osmo Va¨nska¨, for the ensemble’s recent visit 
to Cuba—the first major American or-chestra to do so since President Obama announced efforts to normalize our Na-tion’s relationship with Cuba. The Min-nesota Orchestra last visited Cuba in 1930, when it was known as the Min-neapolis Symphony Orchestra. 
For more than a century, the Min-
nesota Orchestra has demonstrated a deep commitment to innovation and diversity, and this visit is just the lat-est example. During its whirlwind visit, the orchestra won the hearts and minds of music lovers across the island nation. The performances were met with applause and acclaim, and they il-lustrated the importance of strength-ening the cultural bonds between our countries and our people. In Cuba, there is a real eagerness for the person- to-person contact that has been blocked for decades. This trip signified real steps towards forming those cru-cial relationships—proving that music is a language that reaches beyond cul-tural, political, and geographical bar-riers to unite us all. I commend the Minnesota Orchestra for its willingness and initiative to take part in this his-toric cultural moment. 
Since its inception in 1903, the Min-
nesota Orchestra has promoted new ideas, new connections, and new music. Under Mr. Va ¨nska¨’s leadership, this or-
chestra has risen in the ranks to be-come one of the top symphonic ensem-bles in America, and I am proud that it calls Minnesota home. The orchestra has become a visionary leader in the world of symphonic and classical music, stretching beyond what other ensembles imagine is possible, in order to achieve excellence in its field. 
I hope my colleagues will join me as 
I commend the Minnesota Orchestra, its Musical Director Osmo Va ¨nska¨and 
all of the talented musicians and dedi-cated staff on this historic tour of Cuba, and for more than a century of performing and producing beautiful music enjoyed not just in Minnesota but around the world. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 1:36 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2596. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-
ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2596. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following bill was discharged 
from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and re-ferred as indicated: 
S. 1519. A bill to amend the Labor Manage-
ment Relations Act, 1947 to address slow-downs, strikes, and lock-outs occurring at ports in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 697. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act to reauthorize and mod-ernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. K IRK, 
and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1590. A bill to amend the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 to provide protections against pregnancy discrimination in the workplace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ): 
S. 1591. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN): 
S. 1592. A bill to clarify the description of 
certain Federal land under the Northern Ari-zona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 1593. A bill to eliminate the offsetting 
accounts that are currently available for use by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1594. A bill to improve the Federal flight 
deck officers program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.025 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4250 June 17, 2015 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
HELLER ): 
S. 1595. A bill to describe the authority 
under which Federal entities may use mobile aerial-view devices to surveil, protect indi-vidual and collective privacy against warrantless governmental intrusion through the use of mobile aerial-view devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 1596. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 1597. A bill to enhance patient engage-
ment in the medical product development process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. V
ITTER , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. S ASSE): 
S. 1598. A bill to prevent discriminatory 
treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. L
EAHY ): 
S. 1599. A bill to provide anti-retaliation 
protections for antitrust whistleblowers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
H
ATCH ): 
S. 1600. A bill to extend Privacy Act rem-
edies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: 
S. 1601. A bill to establish an integrated 
national approach to respond to ongoing and expected effects of extreme weather and cli-mate change by protecting, managing, and conserving the fish, wildlife, and plants of the United States, and to maximize Govern-ment efficiency and reduce costs, in coopera-tion with State, local, and tribal govern-ments and other entities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
R
UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. N EL-
SON): 
S. 1602. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow certain hos-pitals in Puerto Rico to qualify for incen-tives for adoption and meaningful use of cer-tified EHR Technology under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. J
OHN-
SON, Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 1603. A bill to actively recruit members 
of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. F EIN-STEIN , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. S ES-
SIONS ): 
S. Res. 203. A resolution designating June 
20, 2015, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude in-dustrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 142, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper gov-ernment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 598, a bill to improve the un-derstanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 676 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 676, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pre-vent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 959 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 959, a bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Montana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.007 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4251 June 17, 2015 
(Mr. T ESTER ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexi-bility in determining the size of em-ployers in the small group market. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1302 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1302, a bill to amend the Fam-ily and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection to the reg-ular appropriations process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1434 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1434, a bill to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish an en-ergy storage portfolio standard, and for other purposes. 
S. 1519 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1519, a bill to amend the Labor Relations Management Act, 1947 to ad-dress slowdowns, strikes, and lock-outs occurring at ports in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1580, a bill to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individ-uals from competitive service certifi-cates. S. 1588 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
BROWN ) and the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1588, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school-based comprehensive mental health programs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1911 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1911 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1961 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1961 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1962 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1962 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2011 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2011 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2016 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2016 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2023 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2023 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN): 
S. 1592. A bill to clarify the descrip-
tion of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to cosponsor legislation intro-duced by my colleague, Senator J
EFF 
FLAKE , that would fix a mapping error 
involving the transfer of Forest Service land to Young Life’s Lost Canyon Camp in northern Arizona. 
The bill, S. 1592, would amend the 
Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005, P.L. 109–110, to clarify that Con-gress intended that Young Life could purchase at fair market value a full 237.5 acres of national forest land in the Kaibab National Forest as Congress intended. The Forest Service says there is an error in the Forest Service map referenced in the 2005 Act that has omitted about 25 acres from the land conveyance. This error appears to be preventing the Forest Service and Young Life from finalizing the trans-fer. Each year, nearly 5,000 young campers spend their summer at the Lost Canyon Camp, and this land con-veyance is needed to expand the camp and create a buffer zone around the camp. I urge my colleagues to pass this clarifying legislation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 1595. A bill to describe the author-
ity under which Federal entities may use mobile aerial-view devices to sur-veil, protect individual and collective privacy against warrantless govern-mental intrusion through the use of mobile aerial-view devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce legislation to fur-ther protect American’s privacy, while providing clear guidance for Federal law enforcement for information col-lection using the newest technologies. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.008 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4252 June 17, 2015 
am sure my colleagues recall recent re-
ports, from just a few weeks ago, de-tailing the FBI’s use of secret planes to spy on people in dozens of cities with-out a warrant. These reports troubled both my colleagues and me, and left unclear exactly when the government thinks it is okay to surveil people from the air. As I have stressed many times before, the American public deserves to know the laws that the government re-lies on to surveil people, and the limits of those laws. And that’s what this bill sets out to do. 
Now, drafting legislation in an area 
where technology is advancing rapidly and so many policy issues intersect, is a very difficult task. But I am con-fident that the Protecting Individuals From Mass Aerial Surveillance Act of 2015 reflects feedback from several stakeholders, experts and civil liberties groups, and provides the government the tools it needs to keep us safe with-out sacrificing our civil liberties. 
This bill would generally prohibit 
federal aerial surveillance without a warrant, but with several exceptions. It would allow the government to aeri-ally surveil to protect people from dis-asters, terrorist attacks, entry of ille-gal substances at national borders, and other emergency situations. In addi-tion, it would allow for government agencies to survey wildlife and conduct research by use of aerial vehicles, in order to ensure that habitats are pre-served and environmental risks are as-sessed properly. 
This bill also would prohibit the gov-
ernment from identifying people that happen to appear in aerial surveillance, unless it has probable cause to believe those people have committed specific crimes. All information gathered in violation of the bill would be barred admission as evidence in any court of law, and the bill would also prohibit private operators of aerial vehicles from being proxies for unlawful govern-ment surveillance. 
I want to stress that we cannot stand 
to wait much longer to pass sensible limits on a type of surveillance whose technical capabilities are advancing rapidly. With the proliferation of drones in US airspace, and the numbers expected to increase by the thousands in the following few years, there is a real concern that the law has not been keeping up with technical advance-ments. And drones are not the only concern—use of planes and helicopters equipped with modern surveillance equipment make the technological landscape an incredibly dynamic one. That’s why this bill today would re-main technology neutral and apply to both manned and unmanned aerial ve-hicles. 
To my fellow colleagues, I strongly 
believe that this bill strikes the proper balance between allowing for aerial surveillance and protecting individual privacy. I am glad to have received help and feedback from the Center for Democracy and Technology, SOAR Or-egon—a leading voice in Oregon’s UAV industry, the Small UAV Coalition, the 
Electronic Frontier Foundation, the ACLU, and other experts. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill and offering their feedback. At this time, I would like to ask that this statement be entered into the R
ECORD . 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 1599. A bill to provide anti-retalia-
tion protections for antitrust whistle-blowers; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I 
am joining again with Senator G
RASS -
LEYin introducing the Criminal Anti-
trust Anti-Retaliation Act, legislation that will provide protections to em-ployees who come forward and disclose to law enforcement agencies pricefixing and other criminal anti-trust behavior that harms consumers. This bill includes changes that we made in the Judiciary Committee last Congress, which enabled it to pass the Senate unanimously. Senator G
RASS -
LEYand I have long worked together on 
protecting whistleblowers, and this leg-islation continues those efforts. 
Whistleblowers are often instru-
mental in alerting the public, Con-gress, and law enforcement agencies to wrongdoing in a variety of areas. These individuals take risks in stepping for-ward and deserve to be protected from retaliation. Congress should encourage employees with information about criminal antitrust activity to report this information. The Criminal Anti-trust Anti-Retaliation Act does exactly that by offering meaningful protection to those who blow the whistle on ille-gal behavior such as pricefixing. 
This legislation is modeled on whis-
tleblower protections that Senator G
RASSLEY and I authored as part of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The protections are narrowly tailored and do not pro-vide whistleblowers with an economic incentive to bring forth false claims. Last Congress, we made modest changes to the bill in the Judiciary Committee to improve the definition of a covered individual and clarify that protections only apply to employees re-porting criminal violations. The pro-tections in this bill build on rec-ommendations from key stakeholders in a 2011 Government Accountability Office report to Congress. 
The antitrust laws offer critical pro-
tections for consumers that promote free enterprise. By extending whistle-blower protections to this area of the law, this bipartisan bill will help to en-sure that criminal antitrust violations do not go unreported. This bill passed the Senate unanimously last Congress. I urge the Senate to pass it again. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 203—DESIG-
NATING JUNE 20, 2015, AS ‘‘AMER-ICAN EAGLE DAY’’ AND CELE-BRATING THE RECOVERY AND RESTORATION OF THE BALD EAGLE, THE NATIONAL SYMBOL OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. S ESSIONS ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 203 
Whereas the bald eagle was chosen as the 
central image of the Great Seal of the United States on June 20, 1782, by the Founding Fa-thers at the Congress of the Confederation; 
Whereas the bald eagle is widely known as 
the living national symbol of the United States and for many generations has rep-resented values such as— 
(1) freedom; (2) democracy; (3) courage; (4) strength; (5) spirit; (6) independence; (7) justice; and (8) excellence; 
Whereas the bald eagle is unique only to 
North America and cannot be found natu-rally in any other part of the world, which was one of the primary reasons the Founding Fathers selected the bald eagle to symbolize the Government of the United States; 
Whereas the bald eagle is the central 
image used in the official logos of many branches and departments of the Govern-ment, including— 
(1) the Office of the President; (2) Congress; (3) the Supreme Court; (4) the Department of Defense; (5) the Department of the Treasury; (6) the Department of Justice; (7) the Department of State; 
(8) the Department of Commerce; (9) the Department of Homeland Security; (10) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (11) the Department of Labor; (12) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(13) the Department of Energy; (14) the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development; 
(15) the Central Intelligence Agency; and (16) the United States Postal Service; Whereas the bald eagle is an inspiring sym-
bol of— 
(1) the spirit of freedom; and (2) the sovereignty of the United States; Whereas the image and symbolism of the 
bald eagle has played a significant role in art, music, literature, architecture, com-merce, education, and culture in the United States, and on United States stamps, cur-rency, and coinage; 
Whereas the bald eagle was once endan-
gered and facing possible extinction in the lower 48 States, but has made a gradual and encouraging comeback to the lands, water-ways, and skies of the United States; 
Whereas the dramatic recovery of the na-
tional bird of the United States is an endan-gered species success story and an inspira-tional example to other wildlife, environ-mental, and natural resource conservation efforts worldwide; 
Whereas, in 1940, noting that the species 
was ‘‘threatened with extinction’’, Congress passed the Bald Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), which prohibited killing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.013 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4253 June 17, 2015 
selling, or possessing the species, and a 1962 
amendment expanded protection to the gold-en eagle, thereby establishing the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act; 
Whereas, by 1963, there were only an esti-
mated 417 nesting pairs of bald eagles re-maining in the lower 48 States, with loss of habitat, poaching, and the use of pesticides and other environmental contaminants con-tributing to the near demise of the national bird of the United States; 
Whereas the bald eagle was officially de-
clared an endangered species in 1967 under the Endangered Species Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89-669; 80 Stat. 926) in all areas of the United States south of the 40th parallel due to the dramatic decline in the population of the bald eagle in the lower 48 States; 
Whereas the Endangered Species Act (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) was signed into law in 1973, and, in 1978, the bald eagle was listed as ‘‘endangered’’ throughout the lower 48 states, except in Michigan, Minnesota, Or-egon, Washington, and Wisconsin, where it was designated as ‘‘threatened’’; 
Whereas, in July 1995, the United States 
Fish and Wildlife Service announced that bald eagles in the lower 48 States had recov-ered to the point where populations of bald eagles previously considered ‘‘endangered’’ were now considered ‘‘threatened’’; 
Whereas bald eagles residing in the lower 
48 States rebounded to about 11,000 pairs by 2007; 
Whereas the United States Department of 
Interior and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service removed the bald eagle from Endangered Species Act protection on June 28, 2007, but the species continues to be pro-tected under the Bald and Golden Eagle Pro-tection Act of 1940 (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.), and the Lacey Act of 1900 and the amendments thereto (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); 
Whereas the trained, educational bald 
eagle ‘‘Challenger’’ of the American Eagle Foundation in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, was invited by the United States Department of the Interior to perform a free-flight dem-onstration during the official bald eagle delisting ceremony held at the Jefferson Me-morial in Washington, DC; 
Whereas experts and population growth 
charts estimate that the bald eagle popu-lation could reach 15,000 pairs by 2015, even though a physical count has not been con-ducted by State and Federal wildlife agen-cies since 2007; 
Whereas caring and concerned agencies, 
corporations, organizations, and people of 
the United States representing the Federal, State, and private sectors passionately and resourcefully banded together, determined to save and protect the national bird of the United States; 
Whereas the recovery of the bald eagle pop-
ulation in the United States was largely ac-complished due to dedicated and vigilant ef-forts of Federal and State wildlife agencies and non-profit organizations, such as the American Eagle Foundation, through public education, captive breeding and release pro-grams, hacking and release programs, and the translocation of bald eagles from places in the United States with dense bald eagle populations to suitable locations in the lower 48 States which had suffered a decrease in bald eagle populations; 
Whereas various non-profit organizations, 
such as the Southeastern Raptor Center at Auburn University in the State of Alabama, contribute to the continuing recovery of the bald eagle through rehabilitation and edu-cational efforts; 
Whereas the bald eagle might have been 
lost permanently if not for dedicated con-servation efforts, and strict protection laws like the Endangered Species Act of 1973, the 
Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act of 1940, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918, and the Lacey Act; and 
Whereas the sustained recovery of the bald 
eagle population will require the continu-ation of recovery, management, education, and public awareness programs to ensure that the population numbers and habitat of the bald eagle will remain healthy and se-cure for generations to come: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates June 20, 2015, as ‘‘American 
Eagle Day’’; 
(2) applauds the issuance of bald eagle 
commemorative coins by the Secretary of the Treasury as a way to generate critical funds for the protection of the bald eagle; and 
(3) encourages— (A) educational entities, organizations, 
businesses, conservation groups, and govern-ment agencies with a shared interest in con-serving endangered species to collaborate and develop educational tools for use in the public schools of the United States; and 
(B) the people of the United States to ob-
serve American Eagle Day with appropriate ceremonies and other activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2058. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2059. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2058. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 599, after line 21, add the fol-
lowing: 
(g) E NHANCED SCOPE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (a)(1) of such section, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is further amended by inserting after ‘‘activities de-scribed in paragraph (2)’’ the following: ‘‘, to support the security cooperation objectives of the United States,’’. 
(h) P
ROCEDURES .—Such section, as amend-
ed by subsections (b) through (f) of this sec-tion, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (g) as subsections (d) through (h), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—The 
Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall designate a director for each State and terri-
tory to be responsible for the coordination of activities under a program established under subsection (a) for such State or territory and reporting on activities under the program.’’. 
(i) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Paragraph (2)(B) of 
subsection (f) of such section, as redesig-nated by subsection (h)(1) of this section, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or other 
government organizations’’ after ‘‘and secu-rity forces’’; 
(2) in clause (iv), by adding at the end be-
fore the period the following: ‘‘and country’’; 
(3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘activities’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the extent to which 
the activities conducted during the previous year met the objectives described in clause (v).’’. 
SA 2059. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1628. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MILITARY IN-
FORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS. 
(b) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) military information support oper-
ations are an important component of De-partment of Defense communications efforts and provide commanders with a valuable tool to shape the operational environment; and 
(2) the Secretary of Defense should develop 
creative and agile concepts, technologies, and strategies to more effectively counter and degrade the ability of state and non- state adversaries to persuade, inspire, and recruit using both traditional and emerging forms of communication and information re-lated-capabilities. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing enti-tled ‘‘Oversight of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 17, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.016 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4254 June 17, 2015 
the Environmental Protection Agen-
cy’s Final Rule to Regulate Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Elec-tric Utilities.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 17, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act: Evaluating Accreditation’s Role in En-suring Quality.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 17, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Governing Through Goal Setting: Enhancing the Economic and National Security of America.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate 
on June 17, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 17, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Accessing Capital in Indian Country.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMERICAN EAGLE DAY 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 203, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The clerk will report the reso-
lution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 203) designating June 
20, 2015, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 203) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—S. 
1519 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that S. 1519 be dis-charged from the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and be referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 18, 
2015 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 18; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein, and that the time be equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; lastly, that all time during morning business and the adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:05 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 18, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN6.020 S17JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E913 June 17, 2015 
RECIPIENTS OF THE 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL AWARDS 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, the Congres-
sional Awards recognize four avenues of indi-vidual growth—community service, physical fit-ness, exploration, and personal develop-ment—and how the fulfillment of these goals forms balanced and promising young citizens. 
In their pursuit of these goals, recipients of 
the Congressional Awards have gained new skills and greater confidence. For many, these projects will be the cornerstone for future en-deavors, further enriching their lives and en-couraging others to follow their lead. 
The recipients of the 2015 Congressional 
Awards set the finest example and dem-onstrate dedication to improving their commu-nities and the Nation as a whole. 
Gabriela Abadia, Lincoln Abbott, Biraspati 
Adhikari, Radhika Adhikari, Seth Alicea, Naomi Allen, Michael Alvaro, Maria Alverio, Julie Ambo, Griffin Armstorff, Kobi Axelrod, Atalie Bale, Zoe Barbeau, J. Aaren Barge, Mackenzie Batten, Hunter Benkoski, Rajat Bhageria, Jamuna Bista, Michael Boyson, Olivia Brophy, Camden Brown, Rachel Bugge, Ryan Buraus, William Buster, Mary Ann Cahoon. 
Victoria Cannon, Matthew Cha, Wing Kay 
Joyce Chan, Corbin Chance, Jacob Chasan, Michael Cheng, Emily Chiles, Alexander Cho, Daniel Cho, Justin Cho, Bogeun Choi, Noah Choi, Siri Choragudi, Joshua Chung, Daniel Cieply, Melody Colliatie, Brandon Colling, Matthew Connell, Patrick Connell, James Cook, Virginia Cook, Phillip Costello, Han-nah Crane, Kamila Czachorowski, John Dadouris, Juhi Dalal. 
Maria Dattolo, Nolan Dexter-Brown, 
Nielsen Dias, Randell Doane, Rupa Dulal, Maxwell Durtschi, Caroline Dutzi, Casey Eble, Edison Elder, Michael Epperly, Michaela Fallon, James Fantin, Nicole Farese, Carianna Farrell, Frank Faverzani, Lesli Fernandez. 
Catherine Fisher, Bri Flaherty, Christina 
Flear, Alie Fordyce, Samuel Fordyce, Abbie Foster, Michael Frye, J. Parker Garrison, Jeremy Geiger, Tristana Giunta, Kyle Goggio, Alec Gonzales, Adan Gonzalez, Kath-erine Grabowsky, Matthew Grillo, Alana Gross, James Grubbs. 
Felix Guo, Devika Gurung, Emma Hall, 
Matthew Halloran, Jacob (Jungwoo) Han, Robert Hapke, Katrina Hayes-Macaluso, Charlotte Heffelmire, Danielle Heins, Josh Heisey, Jordan Helfand, Jocelyn Hernandez, Noah Hicks, Matthew Higgs, Joseph Hinton, Joanna Hong, Ellen Ingwerson, Michael Ivkov, Avinash Iyer, Catherine Jessen, KeeGan Johnson. 
Brister Jones, Jonathan Jow, Raghav 
Kalra, George Kanellitsas, Aaron Kang, Arjun Kapoor, Serhat Kariparduc, Karna Karki, Karishma Kashyap, Robynn- Emmanuelle Katzeff, Justin Kawaguchi, Sabrine Keane, Juliana Kemenosh, Reber Kennedy, Taylor Kennington, Arbab Khalid, Christopher Kim, Lucia Kim, Yoorhim Kim, Sara Knighton, Juliana Kochis. Sarah Kopsa, Nikki Kothari, Isaac Kuo, 
Sam Kuster, Michelle Laker, Basanta Lamichhane, Taylor Lane, Jennifer Lang, Holly Laws, Jeff Lee, Ji Hye Lee, Sophia Lee, Shanley Lenart, Chester Leung, Brit-tany Levy, Erin Lewis, Jessica Li, Emilie Liu, Abigail Lockhart, Savannah Logan, Shivani Lokre. 
Harrison Teague Loughman, Amanda Lu, 
Morgan Ludwig, Ferdinand Luhur, Tess Luman, Mason Magee, Jonathan Mak, Jor-dan Marino, Zachary Maxwell, Kailey McCormick, Gabriel McDonald, Hugh McGinley, Grace McGowan, Laura Mediorreal, Samuel Meyerson, Alexander Mietchen, Amrita Mojumdar, Emma Moon, Andrew Morgan, Olivia Morton, Taylor Mur-phy. 
Nicole Nam, Michael Negraru, Kevin Ng, 
Jennifer Nicholas, Kirsten Norton, Jessica Ocampo, John Wesley Orton, Fernando Osornio, Zachary Panton, Ni Em Par, Eli Parker, Mili Patel, Brandon Paul, Avani Pavuluri, Henry Pawelczyk, John Peruzzi, John Peters, Marianna Pizzato, Rishi Prasad, Samantha Price, Jessica Pritchard. 
Anne-Marie Prochaska, Rebecca Pulley, 
Stephanie Quinton, Morgan Redford, Casey Riggs, Micheal Riggs, Jose Andres Rocha, Anna Rogers, Ashley Royce, Ashley Ryan, Sabrina Saintil, Marisa Salvador, Suhani Sanghavi, Tara Santora, Aakanksha Saxena, Michael Schaja, Jericho Schroeder, Lauren Seckar, David Seo, Dae han Seong, Supreet Shah. 
Jeremy Shockley, Ki Wan Sim, Samantha 
Singer, Austin Smith, Chelsea Smith, Doro-thy Smith, Hunter Smith, Shelbi Smolak, Mollie Somers, Arjun Sridhar, Shimona Srivastava, Cassandra Steele, Annalise Ste-venson, Rachel Stogner, Kyle Sukley, Thom-as Sych, Kavya Tangella, Emma Taylor- Brill, Seth Taylor-Brill, Gopinath Thangada, Kabita Thapa. 
Jacob Thiemann, Brooke Tobias, Vincent 
Tran, Mary Turney, Nihar Varanasi, Robert Vaughn, Ellie Vigurie, Samuel Vilchez, Pat-rick Vin, Stephen Waldrep, Samuel Walker, Merran Waller, Christopher Warburton, Lorne Wasserman, Tiffani Webb, Jaynie Welsh, Jessica Williams, Jessica Wilson, Ra-chel Wilson, Lyssa Winslow, Jacqueline Wong. 
Jared Wong, Daniel Yang, Karen Yang, 
Nicolas Yang, Jonathan Ye, Joshua Yoo, Seung-Hee Yoo, GiHyeon Yoon, Daniel Yoon, Michael Youn, Nick Zamora, Andrew Zehner, Cameron Zetterlund, Sophie Zhang, Bradley Zhu. 
f 
HONORING SABRINA SAINTIL FOR 
RECEIVING THE 2015 CONGRES-SIONAL AWARD GOLD MEDAL 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a young leader from Northeast Florida who has been selected as a winner of the 2015 Congressional Gold Medal Award. Sabrina Saintil has shown incredible dedica-tion in completing the rigorous challenges that the Gold Medal demands. She has set and achieved goals in volunteer public service, 
personal development, physical fitness, and exploration. Ms. Saintil and her comrade, Jes-sica Ocampo, are the first two Gold Medal re-cipients from my district, and I could not be more proud to recognize both of them. 
Ms. Saintil is a recent graduate from Fletch-
er High School who is planning on attending the University of South Florida to study inter-national business in the fall. This promising young woman took on and directed the after school program at the Beaches Habitat Edu-cation Department. She has shown incredible passion, not only in her pursuit of education, but also in her work to better the greater Jack-sonville community. 
As a part of the exploration requirement for 
the Award, Ms. Saintil planned and went on a historical journey that began in Savannah, Georgia. From there, she ventured through the historic downtown section of the city and pro-ceeded to Koinonia Farms, the birthplace of Habitat for Humanity. She then travelled to President Jimmy Carter’s home in Plains, Georgia, followed by a trip to Global Village, a model village containing various types of homes built in Habitat for Humanity commu-nities worldwide. Her last stop on the historical exploration was the Kingsley Plantation back in Jacksonville. 
I am so proud of what this young woman 
has accomplished. When I look at all that she has done, I am not worried about the future of this great nation, for we will surely have great people to lead it. I would also like to take this time to recognize Kathy Christensen from Habitat for Humanity, who served as Ms. Ocampo’s and Ms. Saintil’s adult advisor and has been essential to the success of this pro-gram in Jacksonville. Thank you, Ms. Christensen, for all that you do and for your constant assistance and support. 
I first met Ms. Saintil back in 2012, and 
since then she has grown both as an indi-vidual and as member of the Jacksonville community. I could not be happier with Ms. Saintil’s success in receiving the Congres-sional Gold Medal Award, as it stands as proof of a culmination of years of hard work and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating this young leader of Northeast Florida. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT L. AYERS ON 
HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved leader in the Merced community, Robert L. Ayers on his 90th birthday. Bob was born in New York’s most populous borough, Brooklyn, on June 14, 1925. 
During his youth. Robert and his family lived 
in different parts of New York but eventually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JN8.001 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E914 June 17, 2015 
settled in the town of Bellmore, Long Island. 
Growing up during the Great Depression his family was faced with daily struggles, despite the economic hardships, Robert continued to strive towards a better future. 
On June 19, 1942, at the young age of sev-
enteen, Robert left his hometown of Bellmore with the goal of enlisting in the Navy. As part of the Navy Squadron VPB–33, he was sta-tioned in South America and also the South Pacific where his active duties involved chas-ing submarines, air sea rescue, and sinking enemy ships. In February of 1945, Robert re-turned to the states and was stationed at NAS, Jacksonville, Florida. 
Shortly after his return, Bob was released 
from the Navy and immediately joined the Ma-rine Corps. He spent two years as a Marine and then resigned to pursue service in the Army Air Corps where he gained experience from all over the world. Not only did he hero-ically fight in the Korean War but also his per-severance continued throughout the Vietnam War. 
Upon returning to the homeland. Robert met 
his wife Yvonne and they were married on January 19, 1946. After bravely serving his country for twenty-eight years, Robert retired from the Air Force on July 31, 1970 and he and his wife moved to Merced, California. 
For two years Robert sold insurance and 
then decided to try his luck in the title and es-crow business at First Merced Title Co. Trans-america Title Company bought the company in March 1977 and by July, he was named the branch manager where he remained until 1985. It was then he decided to become a business owner when he purchased the com-pany and formed TransCounty Title Co. After numerous years in the business, Bob made the decision to retire in 2010, turning the oper-ation over to his daughter Peg, who is now the president. TransCounty Title Co. remains the only locally owned title company in Merced County. 
In addition to being a business owner, Bob 
was a dynamic member of the Merced com-munity. He was actively involved in Kiwanis and served on the capital campaign for Mercy Medical Center. Also, he has been an active contributor to the Greater Merced Chamber of Commerce and both higher education facili-ties, UC Merced and Merced College. 
During their nearly 70 years of marriage, 
Robert and Yvonne welcomed three children, sons Robert Jr. and John Ayers and daughter Peg Larson. Both sons followed in their fa-ther’s footsteps by serving their country. Rob-
ert Jr. is a retired Lieutenant Colonel from the U.S. Army and a retired correctional warden of several California State prisons. Their son John pursued a career in medicine and served as a medic in the United States Navy. Cur-rently, he works in the surgery center at Marin General Hospital. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring 
Robert Ayers for his unwavering leadership, and recognizing his accomplishments and contributions to this nation. As Bob celebrates his 90th birthday, he serves as an example of excellence to those in our community. INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today I will 
vote against H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for FY2016, because this bill continues the expansion of our intelligence community and includes harmful policy riders that will only serve to make America less safe, not more. 
While large portions of the intelligence 
budget are classified, publicly available esti-mates are as high as $80 billion a year. That’s in addition to the more than $580 billion we’re set to spend on defense in the next 12 months. If today’s bill moves forward, funding will again rise by nearly $6 billion. Worse, it would do so by sidestepping Congressionally- imposed budget caps, while continuing to en-force these arbitrary rules for critical domestic programs, from education to medical research. 
Efforts by the majority to undercut our presi-
dent’s ability to conduct foreign policy are nothing new, but for the first time this bill would put in place additional barriers to finally closing Guantanamo Bay, a recruiting tool available to terrorists so long as its doors re-main open. It would also limit the types of in-formation our intelligence community can share with our allies, a level of discretion best left to the President himself. 
There are over 4.5 million federal employ-
ees and contractors with access to secret in-formation, which is larger than the entire popu-lation of Los Angeles. I am concerned that the amount of information being reviewed by the intelligence community and number of people involved may actually be making us less safe. 
Today’s bill is a missed opportunity to re-
evaluate methods of domestic surveillance, the growing size of the intelligence bureauc-racy, and ending programs, like Guantanamo Bay, that only harm our national security, not help it. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM WALTER 
HOWARD 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
on Monday, June 8, William Walter Howard passed away in Johnson City, Tennessee, at the age of 87. Bill was one of the finest men I have ever known, and I knew him from my teenage years until his passing. 
Bill was very accurately described in his 
obituary as being the ‘‘epitome of sweetness,’’ and he certainly was. He was a kind, soft-spo-ken man, and I never knew anyone who said 
anything but good things about Bill Howard. 
He was married for 67 years to his wife 
Carolyn, who passed away just a short time ago. He was a devoted husband and father and loved God, family, and country. 
He was proud of his service in the Navy and 
was very patriotic. He sometimes gave me conservative tapes and expressed similar views in our conversations. He worked very hard for me in several of my campaigns and had great concern about the direction of this Nation. 
He was a successful banking and savings 
and loan executive and also did accounting work in the hotel-motel industry. He served the community through the Kiwanis club and also had me speak at the church where he was a Deacon. 
Bill Howard was a great man, successful as 
a husband, father, businessman, community and church leader, and political activist. This country is a better place and many, many peo-ple are better because of the life Bill led and the example he set. 
This Nation needs more people like Bill 
Howard. He was quite simply, a good man, and I will miss him greatly. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,717,537,302.13. We’ve 
added $7,525,840,488,389.05 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise to ex-
press my opposition to H.R. 2596, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act of 2016. Though I have always appreciated the bipartisan spirit in which the Intelligence Committee members work to craft the annual authorization bill, and I acknowledge the many vital programs the bill support, I disagree with the way H.R. 2596 uses Overseas Contingency Operations fund-ing and how it prevents the closure of the de-tainment facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. For those reasons, I cannot vote for the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JN8.004 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E915 June 17, 2015 
H.R. 2596 authorizes funding to support im-
portant research, information gathering and in-formation sharing resources for decision mak-ers at all levels of the federal government. The funding helps to maintain and support the in-telligence infrastructure and it helps to strengthen our defenses against threats from around the world. This bill provides for cutting- edge counterintelligence technical analysis, cybersecurity, it protects Americans against the use of advanced weapons, and helps to arrest nuclear and other weapon proliferation threats. The funding in this bill is also the rea-son we were able to kill Nasir al Wuhayshi, al Qaida’s number two leader. 
However, the bill also continues Republican- 
led efforts to lock in sequestration and, as a result, fails to authorize sufficient funds for im-portant intelligence community priorities. In-stead, the bill uses OCO funding in ways that leaders of both parties have made clear are inappropriate. Just last year, House Repub-licans criticized the abuse of the OCO loop-hole in their budget report, stating that it ‘‘un-dermines the integrity of the budget process.’’ Moreover, in following the strategy of the Re-publican budget, this legislation begins the process of locking in sequestration for non-defense programs, which will have a dev-astating impact on investments critical to the nation. 
We need to get back to the table to have an 
honest debate about our budget and renego-tiate the funding caps for both defense and nondefense. Only then will we be able to pro-vide the necessary resources for our national security needs and to ensure we keep the na-tion’s commitments to education, research, in-frastructure, and other crucial drivers of eco-nomic prosperity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NORCELL D. 
HAYWOOD 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of a dear friend, Mr. Norcell D. Haywood who passed away on Monday, June 15, 2015. Mr. Haywood and I had a friendship that spanned forty years. We were introduced by another of my good friends, the late Con-gressman Mickey Leland who made significant contributions during his service to our country. 
Norcell Haywood was a pioneer in his own 
right. He was among the first seven African American students to be admitted to the Uni-versity of Texas at Austin in 1954, the period that preceded the protections guaranteed by the 1964 Civil Rights Act. He secured his spot by fighting against systematic discrimination and segregation. Despite the battle, he re-mained steadfast. He took on a gruesome 21- hour course load, fulfilled his obligations to the ROTC program and worked as a restaurant valet. His dedication and sacrifices paid off; he became the second African American to grad-uate from the University of Texas School of Architecture in 1960. 
Upon graduation, he served as a positive 
role model and instructor at Prairie View A&M University’s school of Engineering. He later gained employment with the City of Austin’s Planning Department. He also published a 
local Newspaper, ‘‘The East Side Reporter,’’ which distributed 20,000 papers weekly in the eastern section of San Antonio. 
In 1968, Norcell Haywood became the first 
licensed African-American Architect in San An-tonio, Texas. He then founded a private archi-tecture firm, Norcell D. Haywood & Associates (1968–71) and later in 1971, founded the firm of Haywood Jordan McCown SAT Inc. (‘‘HJM’’). He operated three offices throughout the state of Texas: San Antonio, Houston and Dallas. Under Norcell’s leadership, HJM has been the recipient of the numerous prestigious Merit Design Awards. He received awards for his design of The University of Texas— Dallas’s Student Union Center and numerous housing developments in Houston, Austin, Dallas and San Antonio areas, including the Texas Southern University Physical Education Building and Business Technology Building in Houston, Texas; Lincoln Magnet High School in Dallas, Texas; Alamo Dome Stadium and the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center both in San Antonio, Texas. He was the first African American to be appointed to the Texas Board of Architectural Examiners and served as Vice Chairman of the Board. 
Mr. Haywood has received widespread ac-
claim for his exceptional accomplishments. He was chosen by President Clinton to serve as a delegate on the White House Sub-Com-mittee on Small Business in 1995. Mr. Hay-wood is the recipient of the 1997 Bank of America—San Antonio, Black History Chron-icles Trail Blazer Award and a 1997 Texas Legislative Black Caucus Outstanding Texans at Large Honoree. 
Mr. Haywood used his life experiences, es-
pecially those that molded his tenacity at the University of Texas to direct his professional pursuits and community involvement. His most passionate interests lie in early child training and development. He actively supported the YMCA, Boy’s and Girl’s Club of San Antonio and many other local youth organizations. He established the National Association of Minor-ity Architecture to encourage and mentor young African-American architects and is a life member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. EDWIN D. HILL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Mr. Edwin D. Hill on his retire-ment from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. Mr. Hill’s nearly six dec-ades of service will have a lasting impact for generations to come. I would like to join my IBEW brothers and sisters in applauding him for this lifetime of service. 
Edwin Hill is a visionary leader whose leg-
acy can best be seen in those who have joined the realm of public service because of Ed’s encouragement and support. As the first Business Agent to serve in the People’s House—the U.S. House of Representatives— his influence and legacy have impressed on me personally, but it does not end there. 
Ed was a pioneer and activist in his field. 
Mr. Hill joined IBEW in 1956 as journeyman and a wireman. By 1964, he was elected Vice President of his local and became active in 
larger labor movement issues. Ed’s success led the Brotherhood to elect him as president in January of 2001 and Ed easily won re-elec-tion for five consecutive terms. With his lead-ership, Mr. Hill laid the foundation for IBEW’s future success and growth. 
As President, Ed improved jobsite produc-
tivity, increased IBEW membership and oversaw an expansion of training programs. One of his many contributions was the ‘‘Code of Excellence,’’ which streamlined union con-tract language. The program was so success-ful that it eventually became the universal code used by the electrical industry. 
An innovator, Ed was always in search of 
new ways for members to address the chang-ing economic environment and for IBEW to raise the working standards and overall quality of electrical construction. I join my IBEW brothers and sisters in wishing him a happy retirement and thank him, once again, for his outstanding contributions to the industry. 
f 
CELEBRATING WEST VIRGINIA’S 
152ND BIRTHDAY 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to commemorate West Virginia Day, which will be celebrated on Saturday, June 20. On this special and historic day, West Virginians will join together to honor the 152nd anniversary of the founding of our great state and to recognize the history, culture, landmarks and most importantly, the people that make our state truly special. 
West Virginia’s Third Congressional District, 
which I am proud to represent, has some of the most beautiful scenery and tourism attrac-tions found in our state, including Chief Logan State Park, Beechfork Lake, Hatfield McCoy Trails, New River Gorge, and so many more. People from all over the world travel to West Virginia to experience and enjoy all our state has to offer. 
Our state has a rich culture, one that com-
bines music, food, language and arts into a tradition that is unique to West Virginia. Glass blowing is a traditional art form that has thrived for more than a century in West Vir-ginia and quilters make family heirlooms in the style made by their grandparents and great- grandparents, and musical instruments are passed down generation to generation. 
While we are rich in natural resources and 
traditions, our greatest resource has always been and will continue to be our people. The people of West Virginia stand for the values of friendship, hard work and charity to others. West Virginians have a true sense of family and never hesitate to help a friend—or a stranger—in need. 
West Virginia has the most hardworking and 
genuine people in the nation. I am proud to represent them in this House and look forward to working with them to make a better West Virginia for generations to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JN8.008 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E916 June 17, 2015 
HONORING FORMER CERES POLICE 
CHIEF GAIL W. ‘‘PETE’’ PETERSON 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor the life of a leader in the Ceres community, former Ceres Police Chief Gail W. ‘‘Pete’’ Peterson. The beloved father, son and husband died peacefully at the age of 77 after a courageous eight month bat-tle with bladder cancer. 
Pete was born on November 28, 1937 to 
Milburn and Lucille Peterson in the charming town of Panton, Illinois. In his adult years, Pete found his calling in law enforcement when he became a reserve officer for the Newport Beach Police Department. Following his service in Newport Beach, he moved to the Laguna Beach department and then on to the City of Orange, known as a ‘‘major city with small-town ambiance.’’ 
During Pete’s time at the Orange Police De-
partment, he took many different positions. Ini-tially, he started as a patrolman, but was quickly promoted to the first accident inves-tigation officer. Not one to rest on his laurels, he became a motorcycle officer and continued to further his career by being promoted from Sergeant to Lieutenant. From there, Pete mi-grated to Idaho where he became the Chief of Police for the Moscow Police Department. 
Chief Peterson began his distinguished ca-
reer with the Ceres Department of Public Safety on June 30, 1983 where he spent six-teen years of his life being a local hero. Pete was involved in integrating the Ceres Police Department headquarters and the Ceres Fire Department into one department of Public Safety. He introduced new technology and in-strumental programs into the police depart-ment such as mobile data terminals, the ca-nine unit and a motorcycle unit which the de-partment still utilizes today. 
Admired by each member of the public safe-
ty family, Chief Peterson is fondly remem-bered for positively impacting the lives of his fellow officers by his concern, dedication and leadership. To honor him, his name will be put on the new Ceres Police Department building where his commitment to serving the Ceres community can be forever acknowledged. 
Believing that community involvement is im-
portant, Chief Peterson was an active member of the Rotary Club of Ceres and the Ceres Lions Club. In addition, he was also the former president of the Stanislaus County Peace Offi-cer Association. 
After retiring in 1999, Pete and his loving 
wife of 27 years, Karen Peterson, spent time at their vacation homes but made their resi-dence in Modesto, California. Together they have a large, loving family who were there at every opportunity to lend their love and moral support. Pete is survived by his daughter, Lisa Kermode and sons: Brett Peterson, Jeff Peter-son, Steve Peterson, Ken Katz, Kim Katz, Khris Katz, and Kurt Katz as well as his grandchildren, Jeff Cravens, Jesse Peterson, Shaun Peterson, Tanner Peterson, Matthew Peterson, Jordan Katz, Rebecca Hailstones, Kelly Kermode, Abigale Kermode, Chelsea Hanneyer, Jo Lynn Peterson, Hannah Peter-son, Erika Webber, Brittaney Da Branca, Kendra Katz, Tara Katz and six great grand-children. Pete is preceded in death by his par-
ents and oldest son, Chris Peterson. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
recognizing Gail W. ‘‘Pete’’ Peterson for his unwavering dedication to the Ceres Depart-ment of Public Safety and the community at large. He was a true hero to his family, fellow officers and the City of Ceres; he will be deep-ly missed by many. God bless him always. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I would have 
voted ‘Aye’ on the Schiff of California Amend-ment No. 6 to H.R. 2596. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOAN MARIE 
DONNELLY 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on July 16, 
2010 at 2:45 p.m., an email was sent to proud grandparents to announce the birth of their seventeenth grandchild, born earlier that day, ‘‘Mom and baby boy are both doing well’’. Joan Marie Donnelly had given birth to her son, Max. Her parents, Bob and Rose Mary Donnelly, were overjoyed and her husband and daughter, Todd and Sofie Marie, were preparing for little Max’s homecoming. What a spectacular moment in a family’s life. Unfortu-nately, this abundance of happiness soon turned into tragedy. Joan suffered from ec-lampsia and died at their home just days after giving birth on August 6, 2010. 
Worldwide, preeclampsia and other hyper-
tensive disorders of pregnancy are a leading cause of maternal and infant illness and death. Thousands of women and babies die or get very sick each year from preeclampsia, a life-threatening disorder that occurs only dur-ing pregnancy and the postpartum period. Ec-lampsia is a variant of preeclampsia that causes seizures to occur. For Joan, this trag-edy could have been prevented, but instead Joan succumbed to a perfect storm of ne-glected symptoms. 
‘‘The Donnelly Clan’’, a Catholic, Irish and 
Italian Family from West Virginia included Bob, Rose Mary and their nine children. Joan was their eighth child, born on May 24, 1967. Joan had a wonderful smile and a laugh that was contagious and she had dreams to travel, start a career, fall in love, have children, save ani-mals, and help her family. Her dreams came true when she moved to Florida and started her 22-year career with Walt Disney World. She met Todd in 2001 when the two became good friends while traveling. They were mar-ried in Florence, Italy in 2006. 
Joan had three pregnancies with two births 
as did her youngest sister, Mia. Their mother similarly had twelve pregnancies with nine births. These three women were each diag-nosed with preeclampsia, are diabetic, and suffered miscarriages. The death of a child is one of the hardest obstacles in life. The pain of having your child go before you is unspeak-
able. 
Joan’s life was celebrated at her funeral 
mass on August 12, 2010 with over 300 mourners. Joan will be remembered, not by her death, but by how she lived her life. 
Joan’s family has hope that changes can be 
made to federal law in honor of Joan to save women who are at high risk of preeclampsia from suffering as she did. The family advo-cates for a number of reforms to prevent ec-lampsia including better screening during pregnancy; proper testing; more education for patients and doctors on preeclampsia and ec-lampsia; and longer hospital stays. Joan’s family will continue to educate the public about preeclampsia and eclampsia by talking about Joan to all that will listen so that her untimely death is not in vain. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KIWANIS 
INTERNATIONAL 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions to Kiwanis International on the 100th an-niversary of a global service organization of more than 600,000 members. Kiwanis club members contribute to their communities in countless ways through service projects and fundraising. Along with the recognition of this milestone day, Kiwanis clubs in Bucks County have carried on the Kiwanis mission of chang-ing the world, one child and one community at a time. Each year, Kiwanis raises more than (U.S.) $100 million and acquires 18.5 million volunteer hours toward strengthening their communities and serving children. In addition to its community work, The Eliminate Project is a notable Kiwanis campaign that focuses on saving and protecting millions of mothers and their future children. In partnership with UNICEF, the clubs are working to eliminate a disease that kills one baby every 11 minutes and has pledged to raise (U.S.) $110 million toward this life-saving goal. Again, congratula-tions for 100 years of dedicated service to the worldwide and local communities and best wishes for future success. 
f 
HONORING CINDY HALEY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Cindy Haley on her 20th anni-versary working at the Texas County Food Pantry in Houston, Missouri. The food pantry assists those in the community in need of food, clothing, health care, and shelter. 
Mrs. Haley began her work at the food pan-
try in May of 1995 and has set a wonderful example of hard work and selflessness. Today she serves as the food pantry’s patient advo-cate, bookkeeper and grant writer and has helped bring more than 3 million dollars to Texas County over the past two decades. The food pantry will be celebrating with a party for Mrs. Haley on June 17th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JN8.012 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E917 June 17, 2015 
Mrs. Haley has provided support to so many 
in the Texas County community, and I truly admire her strength and dedication to helping others. It is my pleasure to recognize her ef-forts and accomplishments before the House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING TIM SPOHN 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I would like to submit 
the following Proclamation: 
Whereas, Tim Spohn has ably served the 
citizens of the City of Industry for eight years on the City Council (2007–2015) and served the citizens of the City of Industry as Mayor for two years; and 
Whereas, Tim Spohn championed regional 
economic strength and stability for the en-tire San Gabriel Valley by promoting manu-facturing, trade, retail, construction, and fi-nancial industries, to name just a few, as a public servant for the City of Industry; and 
Whereas, Tim Spohn provided counsel and 
guidance for residents and fellow elected of-ficials of the San Gabriel Valley with his commitment to regional government by serving as a representative on the San Ga-briel Valley Council of Governments; and 
Whereas, Tim Spohn provided leadership 
on critical regional issues of mobility, air quality, transportation control measures, and communications as a member of the Southern California Association of Govern-ments’ Transportation Committee for five years; and championed the concerns of San Gabriel Valley residents while serving as a member of the Ad-Hoc Regional Transpor-tation Plan Committee; and 
Whereas, Tim Spohn served on the San Ga-
briel Valley Council of Governments’ Trans-portation Committee for eight years pro-viding policy recommendations and tech-nical expertise on transportation programs and infrastructure improvements; and was a delegate and Board Member of the Gateway Cities Council of Governments: Now, there-fore, be it 
Recognized , That Mayor Tim Spohn of the 
City of Industry has made enduring con-tributions to the State of California; and we applaud his sacrifice and commitment to the well-being of families and to neighborhoods; and we encourage all to honor the leadership and service he provided for San Gabriel Val-ley residents. 
f 
IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION 
AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Trade Preferences Extension Act, which will extend important trade pref-erences to our partners around the world. 
First, this bill extends the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (AGOA) until September 2025. This will expand preferences and re-duce trade barriers with African countries and foster U.S. investment in the region. It will also help to promote social and economic develop-ment and empower farmers and women through sustainable agriculture assistance. The bill also retroactively renews and up-
dates the General System of Preferences (GSP), which reduces trade barriers by allow-ing various products from developing countries to enter into the U.S. duty-free. This program expired in July 2013 and I am glad to see that it has finally been renewed. 
It also extends trade preferences with Haiti 
and ensures that we continue to assist Haiti’s recovery and support its economy. In addition, the bill will also help outerwear and footwear imports by reducing duty rates and creating a new category of product that will include pro-tective active footwear. 
I am also pleased that it strikes the Medi-
care pay-for found in the Trade Adjustment Assistance package and replaces it with a dif-ferent offset that I helped identify. In addition, I am pleased that this bill will support commu-nity banks by reducing burdensome reporting requirements. These measures represent a significant effort to reduce trade barriers and support our partners around the world and I urge a YES vote. I hope that the Senate will pass this legislation expeditiously and send it to the President’s desk. 
f 
HONORING JESSICA OCAMPO FOR 
RECEIVING THE 2015 CONGRES-SIONAL AWARD GOLD MEDAL 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize a young leader from North Flor-ida who has been selected as a winner of the 2015 Congressional Gold Medal Award. Jes-sica Ocampo has shown incredible dedication in completing the rigorous challenges that the Gold Medal demands. She has set and achieved goals in volunteer public service, personal development, physical fitness, and exploration. Ms. Ocampo and her comrade, Sabrina Saintil, are the first two Congressional Gold Medal recipients from the 4th District of Florida and I could not be more proud to rec-ognize both of them. 
Ms. Ocampo is currently studying at Florida 
State College of Jacksonville and plans to at-tend the University of North Florida after her graduation. She tutors her fellow students in Spanish at FSCJ and despite the huge load of requirements the Gold Medal requires, she still finds time to work in a doctor’s office during her free time. This inspiring young woman has shown incredible passion, not only in her pur-suit of education, but also in her work to better the greater Jacksonville community. 
As a part of their exploration requirement for 
the Award, Ms. Ocampo planned and went on a historical journey that began in Savannah, Georgia. From there, she ventured through the historic downtown section of the city and pro-ceeded to Koinonia Farms, the birthplace of Habitat for Humanity. From there, she trav-elled to President Jimmy Carter’s home in Plains, Georgia, followed by a trip to Global Village, a model village containing various types of homes built in Habitat for Humanity communities worldwide. Their last stop on the historical exploration was the Kingsley Planta-tion back in Jacksonville. 
I am so proud of what this young woman 
has accomplished. When I look at all that she has done, I am not worried about the future of 
this great nation, for we will surely have great people to lead it. I would also like to take this time to recognize Kathy Christensen from Habitat for Humanity, who served as Ms. Ocampo’s adult advisor and has been essen-tial to the success of this program in Jackson-ville. Thank you, Ms. Christensen, for all that you do and for your constant assistance and support. 
I first met Ms. Ocampo back in 2012, and 
since then she has grown both as an indi-vidual and as member of the Jacksonville community. I could not be happier with Ms. Ocampo’s success in receiving the Congres-sional Gold Medal Award, as it stands as proof of a culmination of years of hard work and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating this young leader of Northeast Florida. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TERRY COLLINS 
FOR HER OUTSTANDING PER-FORMANCE WITHIN THE GRAND ISLAND AND BUFFALO COMMU-NITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mrs. Terry Lynn Collins for her hard work and commit-ment to the Grand Island community. Mrs. Collins is this year’s recipient of Accu Theranostic’s annual award and is being hon-ored for her professional achievements as well as her active participation in many local groups. 
Mrs. Collins lived on Grand Island before 
marrying her husband Tim. The couple moved back to Grand Island in 1992 and, shortly after, had their younger son Joe. Their older son Matt is 24 and works in finance in Man-hattan, NY. Joe is now 23 and is in his first year of law school. She remains active in the Cub Scouts, the GI Soccer Club, the Parent Teacher Association, the Knights of Colum-bus, the Network in Aging, and WordPress meetup. 
Furthermore, Mrs. Collins has made her 
mark in the business world. She received her BS in Electrical Engineering from the State University of NY at Buffalo as well as an MBA from Canisius College. Mrs. Collins serves as the president of Maroon Technology Ltd of Grand Island. She is also a Sales and Mar-keting professional with a strong background in Software Engineering. Mrs. Collins is a small business owner who serves many cli-ents in Grand Island. Her firm is on the cutting edge of business marketing and web design. 
Her professional affiliations include Beta 
Gamma Sigma Business Honor Society, Sandler Strategic Sales, President’s Club, and Toastmasters. She also is a Director on the Grand Island Chamber of Commerce. Mrs. Collins will be joined by family and friends for the presentation of the award on June 24th. The event and dinner begins at 6PM at River Oaks on Grand Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JN8.016 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E918 June 17, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me the 
opportunity to honor Mrs. Terry Lynn Collins. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Mrs. Collins on her professional success and local involvement. Her leadership in busi-ness and technology has enhanced opportuni-ties in Western New York and positively im-pacted the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMANDER DAVID 
OVERCASH FOR RECEIVING THE REAR ADMIRAL EDWIN T. LAYTON LEADERSHIP AWARD 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Commander David Overcash, a naval intelligence officer with Commander Submarine Group (COMSUBGRU) 7, for re-ceiving the Rear Admiral Edwin T. Layton Leadership Award. 
A Chambersburg, Pennsylvania native, 
Commander Overcash currently serves our country as deputy chief of staff for Intelligence at Commander Submarine Group 7, which controls submarine activity from the Western Pacific to the Indian Ocean. I congratulate Commander Overcash on his receiving this award, which recognizes mid to senior active or reserve component intelligence officers, chief warrant officers, and enlisted personnel for outstanding leadership and mentorship in naval intelligence performance. 
On behalf of the Ninth District of Pennsyl-
vania, I want to thank Commander Overcash for his service, and moreover highlight the sense of purpose with which he serves. He has exemplified the selfless drive that is a hallmark of the brave men and women who defend our country, and this award is a well- deserved acknowledgment of that spirit of sac-rifice. 
It is my honor to recognize Commander 
Overcash and congratulate him for receiving the Rear Admiral Edwin T. Layton Leadership Award. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL J. MATTHEW 
LISSNER 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Colonel J. Matthew Lissner of the United States Army Reserve. Colonel Lissner has served in all three components of the Army (Active, National Guard, and Army Re-serve) for over 28 years. Currently he serves as the Congressional Legislative Liaison for the 99th Regional Support Command, sta-tioned at Fort Dix, New Jersey. 
Colonel Lissner will leave his post as a Leg-
islative Liaison to join the faculty of the U.S. Army War College in August of this year. I am grateful for his life of service to the Army, and wish him well as he transitions into his new assignment in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. 
A career Infantry Officer, Colonel Lissner re-
ceived his commission from the Officer Can-didate School in 1988. His education includes 
a Bachelor of Science in Physical Education (Teaching) from Manhattan College in 1979, a Master of Arts in Exercise Physiology from In-diana State University in 1985, and a Master of Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College in 2007. 
Prior to assignment as a Legislative Liaison, 
Colonel Lissner held a wide variety of infantry assignments through battalion level, and a number of staff positions at higher commands such as the Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC), Third U.S. Army, U.S. Joint Forces Command, and I Corps. His combat deployments include Operation Just Cause (Panama), Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom (Kuwait), and Operation Iraqi Freedom (Iraq). 
Although he is a highly decorated Soldier 
with more than 28 years of service to his cred-it, perhaps his most notable accomplishments have occurred off of the parade field. For ex-ample, prior to beginning his military service, Colonel Lissner worked with severely mentally and physically handicapped children, taught Physical Education, and coached a variety of sports at the scholastic and collegiate levels. 
A diverse individual, Matt’s interests include 
all sports, camping, and hunting with his five great kids—Kaitlyn, MariPat, Jessie, Lanie, and Robert—without whose love and support none of his accomplishments would have been possible. It is only fair and proper to ac-knowledge their tireless support as he worked tirelessly on his assigned duties. Let us thank them all for their sacrifices and wish them con-tinued success in the future. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
June 18, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 23 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–138 Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the National Flood Insurance Program. 
SD–538 
Committee on the Budget Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine measuring 
the true cost of regulations, focusing on lessons from Great Britain and Can-ada on implementing regulatory re-forms. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine an update 
on the recalls of defective Takata air bags and NHTSA’s vehicle safety ef-forts. 
SR–253 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Social-ist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, and Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. 
SD–419 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear 
Safety 
To hold hearings to examine the impacts 
of EPA’s proposed carbon regulations on energy costs for American busi-nesses, rural communities and families, including S. 1324, to require the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to fulfill certain require-ments before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and re-constructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units. 
SD–406 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–138 
JUNE 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 742, to 
appropriately limit the authority to award bonuses to employees, S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, com-monly known as the ‘‘Former Presi-dents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to estab-lish entities tasked with improving program and project management in 
certain Federal agencies, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JN8.003 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E919 June 17, 2015 
improper payments to deceased indi-
viduals, S. 1580, to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individ-uals from competitive service certifi-cates, S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to provide eligi-bility for broadcasting facilities to re-ceive certain disaster assistance, S. 1115, to close out expired, empty grant accounts, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. 310, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of offi-cers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, S. 991, to establish the Com-mission on Evidence-Based Policy-making, H.R. 1626, to reduce duplica-
tion of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 1640, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Con-gress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters con-solidation project in the National Cap-ital Region, H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 891, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Dan-iel M. Ferguson Post Office’’, H.R. 1350, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 
East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EIN-STEIN Act of 2015’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’, and an original to actively re-cruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers, and the nomina-tions of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, and Steven M. Wellner, and William Ward Nooter, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
demanding results to end Native youth suicides. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
health care and benefits legislation. 
SR–418 
JUNE 25 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine country of 
origin labeling and trade retaliation, focusing on what’s at stake for Amer-
ica’s farmers, ranchers, businesses, and consumers. 
SD–G50 
JULY 7 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine highly path-
ogenic avian influenza, focusing on the impact on the United States poultry sector and protecting United States poultry flocks. 
SR–328A 
JULY 8 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism 
To hold hearings to examine cyber crime, 
focusing on modernizing our legal framework for the information age. 
SD–226 
JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M17JN8.000 E17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D719 Wednesday, June 17, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4213–4254. 
Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills and one reso-
lution were introduced, as follows: S. 1590–1603, and S. Res. 203.
                                                 Pages S4249–50 
Measures Reported: 
S. 697, to amend the Toxic Substances Control 
Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S4249 
Measures Passed: 
American Eagle Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
203, designating June 20, 2015, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and celebrating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States.
                                                                              Page S4254 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4222–47 
Adopted: 
McCain (for Hatch/Inhofe) Further Modified 
Amendment No. 1911 (to Amendment No. 1456), to study the impact of commissary privatization prior to initiating a pilot program and to require a report on the Department of Defense definition of and policy regarding software sustainment. 
                                Pages S4222, S4240–41, S4244–45, S4246–47 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                              Pages S4222, S4247 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                    Pages S4222, S4247 
Chair sustained a point of order that the following 
amendments were not germane post-cloture, and the amendments thus fell:
                                             Page S4247 Reed (for Blumenthal) Modified Amendment No. 
1564 (to Amendment No. 1463), to enhance protec-tions accorded to servicemembers and their spouses. 
                                                                            Pages S4222, S4247 
Fischer/Booker Amendment No. 1825 (to Amend-
ment No. 1463), to authorize appropriations for na-tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                  Pages S4222, S4247 
Reed (for Durbin) Modified Amendment No. 
1559 (to Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to in-verted domestic corporations.
               Pages S4222, S4247 
McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                                Pages S4222, S4247 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
            Pages S4222, S4247 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
             Pages S4222, S4247 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 84 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 214), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having 
voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S4247 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that notwithstanding rule XXII, the time count as if cloture was invoked at 10 p.m., on Wednesday, June 17, 2015.
                                 Page S4242 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that all time during morning business and the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on the bill.
                                                                           Page S4254 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D720 June 17, 2015 
PORTS Act Referral—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that S. 1519, to amend the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947 to address slowdowns, strikes, and lock- outs occurring at ports in the United States, be dis-charged from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and be referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
                                                                                            Page S4249 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4249 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4249 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4250–51 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4251–53 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S4249 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S4253 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4253–54 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—214)                                                                 Page S4247 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:05 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 18, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4254.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S FISCAL 
CHALLENGES 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s analysis of the Federal government’s deepening fiscal challenges, after receiving testimony from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY 
COMMISSION OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Consumer Product Safety Commission, after receiving testimony from Elliot F. Kaye, Chairman, and Robert S. Adler, Ann Marie Buerkle, Joseph P. Mohorovic, and Marietta S. Rob-inson, each a Commissioner, all of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s final rule to 
regulate disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities, after receiving testimony from Danny Gray, Charah, Inc., Louisville, Kentucky; Mi-chael Kezar, South Texas Electric Cooperative, Nurs-ery, on behalf of the National Rural Electric Cooper-ative Association; Alexandra Dapolito Dunn, Envi-ronmental Council of the States, Washington, D.C.; Nancy Cave, South Carolina Coastal Conservation League, Georgetown; and Frank Holleman, Southern Environmental Law Center, Chapel Hill, North Carolina. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nomination of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
GOVERNING THROUGH GOAL SETTING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
governing through goal setting, focusing on enhanc-ing the economic and national security of America, including S. Res. 199, expressing the sense of the Senate regarding establishing a National Strategic Agenda, after receiving testimony from former Sen-ator Joe Lieberman, former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, Mclean, Virginia, Andrew Tisch, Loews Corporation, New York, New York, and Andrea Hogan, Merchants Metals LLC, Atlanta, Georgia, all on behalf of No Labels. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nomination of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the General Services Admin-istration, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
HIGHER EDUCATION ACT 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on evalu-ating accreditation’s role in ensuring quality, after receiving testimony from Peter T. Ewell, National Center for Higher Education Management Systems, Boulder, Colorado; George Pruitt, Thomas Edison State College, Trenton, New Jersey; and Albert C. Gray, Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools, and Anne D. Neal, American Council of Trustees and Alumni, both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D17JN5.REC D17JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D721 June 17, 2015 
ACCESSING CAPITAL IN INDIAN COUNTRY 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine accessing capital in In-dian Country, after receiving testimony from Alejandra Y. Castillo, National Director, Minority Business Development Agency, Department of Com-
merce; Derrick Watchman, The National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development, Mesa, Ar-izona; Ross Alan Hill, Bank2, Oklahoma City, Okla-homa; and Dante Desiderio, NAFOA, Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2798–2817; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 322–325, were introduced.
                Pages H4490–91 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4492–93 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1626, to reduce duplication of information 
technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–162); 
H.R. 1633, to provide for certain improvements 
relating to the tracking and reporting of employees of the Department of Homeland Security placed on 
administrative leave, or any other type of paid non- duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–163); 
H.R. 2200, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–164); 
H.R. 2206, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Se-curity Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency communications capabilities, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–165); 
H.R. 1640, to direct the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to submit to Congress a report on the De-partment of Homeland Security headquarters consoli-dation project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–166); and H. Res. 321, providing for consider-ation of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, fire-fighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty- 
free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–167). 
                                                                                            Page H4490 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Farenthold to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H4435 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:19 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4437 
Reception in the House Chamber of Former Members of Congress: Agreed by unanimous con-
sent that the proceedings had during the former Members program held earlier in the day be printed in the Congressional Record and that all Members and former Members who spoke during the pro-ceedings have the privilege of revising and extending their remarks.
                                                              Page H4449 
Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015: The 
House began consideration of H.R. 160, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on medical devices. Consideration is ex-pected to resume tomorrow, June 18th. 
                                                                Pages H4449–55, H4471–72 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modi-fied by the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–157, shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H4472 
H. Res. 319, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 160) and (H.R. 1190) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 372, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 371.
                                                                Pages H4471–72 
Directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) 
of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014: The House 
failed to agree to H. Con. Res. 55, directing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D722 June 17, 2015 
President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Pow-
ers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to pro-tect United States diplomatic facilities and per-sonnel, from Iraq and Syria, by a yea-and-nay vote of 139 yeas to 288 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 370.
                               Pages H4455–71 
H. Con. Res. 55 was considered pursuant to the 
order of the House of June 16, 2015. 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
VBID for Better Care Act of 2015: H.R. 2570, 
amended, to establish a demonstration program re-quiring the utilization of Value-Based Insurance De-sign to demonstrate that reducing the copayments or coinsurance charged to Medicare beneficiaries for se-lected high-value prescription medications and clin-
ical services can increase their utilization and ulti-mately improve clinical outcomes and lower health care expenditures;
                                              Pages H4479–81 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To 
amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in am-bulatory surgical centers in determining meaningful EHR use, establish a demonstration program requir-ing the utilization of Value-Based Insurance Design to demonstrate that reducing the copayments or co-insurance charged to Medicare beneficiaries for se-lected high-value prescription medications and clin-ical services can increase their utilization and ulti-mately improve clinical outcomes and lower health care expenditures, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H4481 
Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015: 
H.R. 2507, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish an annual rule-making schedule for payment rates under Medicare Advantage;
                                                            Pages H4481–83 
Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act 
of 2015: H.R. 2505, amended, to amend title XVIII 
of the Social Security Act to require the annual re-porting of data on enrollment in Medicare Advan-tage plans; and
                                                    Pages H4483–85 
Securing Seniors’ Health Care Act of 2015: H.R. 
2582, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the risk adjustment under the Medicare Advantage program, and to delay the authority to terminate Medicare Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings.
                                                                    Pages H4485–87 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To 
amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to delay the authority to terminate Medicare Advantage con-tracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum 
quality ratings, to make improvements to the Medi-care Adjustment risk adjustment system, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H4487 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, June 18.
                             Page H4489 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4470, H4471, and H4471–72. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:17 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2620, to amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act. H.R. 2647 and H.R. 2620 were both ordered re-ported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a markup on the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill, FY 2016. The Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The Fi-nancial Services and General Government Appropria-tions Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
U.S. POLICY AND STRATEGY IN THE 
MIDDLE EAST 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East’’. Testimony was heard from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, Department of Defense; and Gen-eral Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D723 June 17, 2015 
CAPACITY OF U.S. NAVY TO PROJECT 
POWER WITH LARGE SURFACE COMBATANTS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Capacity of U.S. Navy to Project Power with Large Surface Combatants’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Victorino G. ‘‘Vic’’ Mercado, USN, Director, Assessment Division (N81); and Rear Admiral Peter Fanta, USN, Director, Surface Warfare (N96). 
WHY CONGRESS MUST BALANCE THE 
BUDGET 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Why Congress Must Balance the Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Ryan Silvey, Senator, Missouri State Senate; and public witnesses. 
RESTRICTING ACCESS TO FINANCIAL 
ADVICE: EVALUATING THE COSTS AND CONSEQUENCES FOR WORKING FAMILIES AND RETIREES 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Restricting Access to Financial Advice: Evaluating the Costs and Con-sequences for Working Families and Retirees’’. Tes-timony was heard from Thomas E. Perez, Secretary, Department of Labor; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy And Commerce: Full Committee 
concluded a markup on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’. H.R. 805 was ordered reported, as amend-ed. 
THE ANNUAL REPORT OF THE FINANCIAL 
STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Report of the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council’’. Testimony was heard from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. 
THE IMPACT OF THE INTERNATIONAL 
MONETARY FUND: ECONOMIC STABILITY OR MORAL HAZARD? 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of the International Monetary Fund: Economic Stability or Moral Hazard?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ASSAD’S ABHORRENT CHEMICAL 
WEAPONS ATTACKS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assad’s Abhorrent Chemical Weap-ons Attacks’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
CHINA’S RISE: THE STRATEGIC IMPACT OF 
ITS ECONOMIC AND MILITARY GROWTH 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Rise: The Strategic Impact of its Economic and Military Growth’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
THE IRAN, NORTH KOREA, AND SYRIA 
NONPROLIFERATION ACT: STATE DEPARTMENT’S NON-COMPLIANCE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Iran, North Korea, and Syria Non-proliferation Act: State Department’s Non-Compli-ance’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Melito, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES BY VIETNAMESE 
AUTHORITIES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Abuses by Vietnamese Authorities’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE STATE OF THE SMITHSONIAN 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Smithso-nian’’. Testimony was heard from Albert G. Horvath, Acting Secretary of the Smithsonian. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2315, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1643, the ‘‘Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2584, the ‘‘Business Activ-ity Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2315 and H.R. 2584. The following bill was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1643. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 1157, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians Land Transfer Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2386, the ‘‘Unrecognized Southeast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D724 June 17, 2015 
Alaska Native Communities Recognition and Com-
pensation Act’’; and H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Black, Director, Bureau of In-dian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Mona 
Miyasato, Executive Officer, County of Santa Bar-bara, on behalf of the County of Santa Barbara Board of Supervisors; Steve Lavagnino, County Supervisor, Fifth District, Santa Barbara County; and public wit-nesses. 
DRONES: THE NEXT GENERATION OF 
COMMERCE? 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Drones: The Next Generation of Commerce?’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Whitaker, Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation; John Cavolowsky, Director of the Airspace Systems Program Office, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration; and public wit-nesses. 
A REVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT’S 
EXECUTIVE ACTIONS ON IMMIGRATION 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Presi-dent’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’. Testi-mony was heard from Sarah R. Saldan ˜a, Director, 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Leo ´n 
Rodrı ´guez, Director, Citizenship and Immigration 
Services; and John Roth, Inspector General, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE DEFENDING 
PUBLIC SAFETY EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2146, the ‘‘Defend-ing Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment. The rule makes in order a motion of-fered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion and provides that the motion is not subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of de-bate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OVERSIGHT: 
ENERGY INNOVATION HUBS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘De-partment of Energy Oversight: Energy Innovation Hubs’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
CRUDE INTENTIONS: THE UNTOLD STORY 
OF THE BAN, THE OIL INDUSTRY, AND AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Crude Intentions: The Untold Story of the Ban, the Oil Industry, and America’s Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LONG-TERM FINANCING OF THE 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Long-Term Financing of the Highway Trust Fund’’. Testimony was heard from Chad Shirley, Deputy Assistant Director, Micro-economic Studies Team, Congressional Budget Of-fice; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
FEDERAL CREDIT PROGRAMS 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the economic exposure of Federal credit programs, after receiving testimony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Jason Delisle, New America Federal Education Budget Project, Douglas J. Elliott, Brookings Insti-tution, and Paul Van de Water, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, all of Washington, D.C. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D704) 
S. 1568, to extend the authorization to carry out 
the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center. Signed on June 15, 2015. (Public Law 114–25) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JUNE 18, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled ‘‘Interior, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D725 June 17, 2015 
Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 
2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee 
on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 593, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Con-gress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 982, to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture, and to require the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to develop water planning instruments consistent with State law, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1365, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to use designated funding to pay for 
construction of authorized rural water projects, S. 1291, to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska, S. 1552, to authorize the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the State of Montana, and S. 1533, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting proc-esses related to the construction of new surface water stor-age projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agen-cy for permit processing, 2 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine chal-
lenges to the future of highway funding, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine the EPA’s manage-ment of the renewable fuel standard program, 9 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, markup on the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘A National Framework for the Review and Labeling of Biotechnology in Food’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Property Rights in Cuba’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing on H.R. 320, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD726 June 17, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act, post-cloture. 
Following disposition of H.R. 1735, National Defense 
Authorization Act, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2685, Department of Defense Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, June 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
160—Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015. Consider-ation of H.R. 1190—Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medi-care Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E914 
Boehner, John A., Ohio, E913 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E914 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E913, E917 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E913, E916 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E914 
Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E916 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E916 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E917 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E915 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E915 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E918 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E917 
Norcross, Donald, N.J., E915 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E918 Smith, Jason, Mo., E916 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E914, E917 Welch, Peter, Vt., E916 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17JN5.REC D17JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST