Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6191 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015 No. 138 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 8:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 24, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVE  
WOMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, Father of us all, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
This day is a day of history. Send 
Your Spirit upon the Members of the people’s House. May all be able to hear the words spoken here this day with discernment and goodwill, in the spirit in which they are to be delivered. 
And bless our most special visitor, 
Pope Francis. We thank You for his vo-cation in the Church, the Pontiff, or bridge-builder, specially charged with bringing reconciliation where there is division. May his message of peace and healing, and his prophetic challenge wherever it may land, be a blessing of liberation and hope for all who have ears to hear. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. TONKO led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 
consultation among the Speaker and the majority and minority leaders, and with their consent, the Chair an-nounces that, when the two Houses meet in joint meeting to hear an ad-dress by Pope Francis of the Holy See, only the doors immediately opposite the Speaker and those immediately to his left and right will be open. 
No one will be allowed on the floor of 
the House who does not have the privi-lege as prescribed by section 8 of House Resolution 380. Due to the large at-tendance that is anticipated, this re-striction regarding the privilege of the floor must be strictly enforced. The co-operation of all Members is requested. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of 
Wednesday, September 16, 2015, the House stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 33 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b0945 
JOINT MEETING TO HEAR AN AD-
DRESS BY POPE FRANCIS OF THE HOLY SEE 
During the recess, the House was 
called to order by the Speaker at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m. The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the Vice President and Members of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representatives, the Vice President taking the chair at the right of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. 
The SPEAKER. The joint meeting 
will come to order. 
The Chair appoints as members of 
the committee on the part of the House to escort Pope Francis into the Cham-ber: 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
M
CCARTHY ); 
The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
SCALISE ); 
The gentlewoman from Washington 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ); 
The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. 
WALDEN ); 
The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. 
MESSER ); 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. F OXX); 
The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. 
JENKINS ); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. P ELOSI ); 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ); 
The gentleman from South Carolina 
(Mr. C LYBURN ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
BECERRA ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
CROWLEY ); 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut 
(Ms. D ELAURO ); and 
The gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´N). 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presi-
dent of the Senate, at the direction of that body, appoints the following Sen-ators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort Pope Francis into the House Chamber: 
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ); 
The Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.000 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6192 September 24, 2015 
The Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ); 
The Senator from South Dakota (Mr. 
THUNE ); 
The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. 
BARRASSO ); 
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. 
BLUNT ); 
The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ); 
The Senator from Maine (Ms. C OL-
LINS); 
The Senator from Alaska (Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ); 
The Senator from Tennessee (Mr. 
CORKER ); 
The Senator from New Hampshire 
(Ms. A YOTTE ); 
The Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID); 
The Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN); 
The Senator from New York (Mr. 
SCHUMER ); 
The Senator from Washington (Mrs. 
MURRAY ); 
The Senator from Vermont (Mr. 
LEAHY ); 
The Senator from Montana (Mr. 
TESTER ); 
The Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TA-
BENOW ); 
The Senator from Minnesota (Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ); 
The Senator from Maryland (Mr. 
CARDIN ); 
The Senator from New Jersey (Mr. 
MENENDEZ ); and 
The Senator from Maryland (Ms. M I-
KULSKI ). 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Dean of the Diplo-matic Corps, His Excellency Hersey Kyota, the Ambassador of the Republic of Palau. 
The Dean of the Diplomatic Corps en-
tered the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives and took the seat reserved for him. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court. 
The Chief Justice of the United 
States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Cabinet of the President of the United States. 
The members of the Cabinet of the 
President of the United States entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
At 10 o’clock and 2 minutes a.m., the 
Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable Paul D. Irving, announced Pope Francis of the Holy See. 
Pope Francis of the Holy See, es-
corted by the committee of Senators and Representatives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of Con-
gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you Pope Francis of the Holy See. (Applause, the Members rising.) 
POPE FRANCIS. Mr. Vice President, 
Mr. Speaker, Honorable Members of Congress, dear friends, I am most grateful for your invitation to address this joint session of Congress in ‘‘the land of the free and the home of the brave.’’ I would like to think that the reason for this is that I, too, am a son of this great continent from which we have all received so much and toward which we share a common responsi-bility. 
Each son or daughter of a given coun-
try has a mission, a personal and social responsibility. Your own responsibility as Members of Congress is to enable this country, by your legislative activ-ity, to grow as a nation. You are the face of its people, their representa-tives. You are called to defend and pre-serve the dignity of your fellow citi-zens in the tireless and demanding pur-suit of the common good, for this is the chief aim of all politics. 
A political society endures when it 
seeks, as a vocation, to satisfy common needs by stimulating the growth of all its members, especially those in situa-tions of greater vulnerability or risk. Legislative activity is always based on care for the people. To this you have been invited, called, and convened by those who elected you. 
Yours is a work which makes me re-
flect in two ways on the figure of Moses. On the one hand, the patriarch and lawgiver of the people of Israel symbolizes the need of peoples to keep alive their sense of unity by means of just legislation. On the other, the fig-ure of Moses leads us directly to God and thus to the transcendent dignity of the human being. Moses provides us with a good synthesis of your work: you are asked to protect, by means of the law, the image and likeness fash-ioned by God on every human life. 
Today I would like not only to ad-
dress you, but, through you, the entire people of the United States. Here, to-gether with their representatives, I would like to take this opportunity to dialogue with the many thousands of men and women who strive each day to do an honest day’s work, to bring home their daily bread, to save money, and— one step at a time—to build a better life for their families. 
These are men and women who are 
not concerned simply with paying their taxes but, in their own quiet way, sus-tain the life of society. They generate solidarity by their actions, and they create organizations which offer a help-ing hand to those most in need. 
I would also like to enter into a dia-
logue with the many elderly persons who are a storehouse of wisdom forged by experience and who seek in many ways, especially through volunteer work, to share their stories and their insights. I know that many of them are retired but still active; they keep working to build up this land. 
I also want to dialogue with all those 
young people who are working to real-ize their great and noble aspirations, who are not led astray by facile pro-
posals, and who face difficult situa-tions, often as a result of immaturity on the part of many adults. I wish to dialogue with all of you, and I would like to do so through the historical memory of your people. 
My visit takes place at a time when 
men and women of goodwill are mark-ing the anniversaries of several great Americans. The complexities of history and the reality of human weakness notwithstanding, these men and women, for all their many differences and limitations, were able by hard work and self-sacrifice—some at the cost of their lives—to build a better fu-ture. They shaped fundamental values which will endure forever in the spirit of the American people. 
A people with this spirit can live 
through many crises, tensions, and conflicts while always finding the re-sources to move forward and to do so with dignity. These men and women offer us a way of seeing and inter-preting reality. In honoring their mem-ory, we are inspired, even amid con-flicts and in the here and now of each day, to draw upon our deepest cultural reserves. 
I would like to mention four of these 
Americans: Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, Dorothy Day, and Thom-as Merton. 
This year marks the 150th anniver-
sary of the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln, the guardian of lib-erty, who labored tirelessly that ‘‘this Nation, under God, might have a new birth of freedom.’’ Building a future of freedom requires love of the common good and cooperation in a spirit of subsidiarity and solidarity. 
All of us are quite aware of and deep-
ly worried by the disturbing social and political situation of the world today. Our world is increasingly a place of violent conflict, hatred, and brutal atrocities committed even in the name of God and of religion. We know that no religion is immune from forms of in-dividual delusion or ideological extre-mism. 
This means that we must be espe-
cially attentive to every type of fun-damentalism, whether religious or of any other kind. A delicate balance is required to combat violence per-petrated in the name of a religion, an ideology, or an economic system, while also safeguarding religious freedom, in-tellectual freedom, and individual free-doms. 
But there is another temptation 
which we must especially guard against: the simplistic reductionism which sees only good or evil; or, if you will, the righteous and sinners. The contemporary world, with its open wounds which affect so many of our brothers and sisters, demands that we confront every form of polarization which would divide it into these two camps. 
We know that, in the attempt to be 
freed of the enemy without, we can be tempted to feed the enemy within. To 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.003 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6193 September 24, 2015 
imitate the hatred and violence of ty-
rants and murderers is the best way to take their place. That is something which you, as a people, reject. 
Our response must, instead, be one of 
hope and healing, of peace and justice. We are asked to summon the courage and the intelligence to resolve today’s many geopolitical and economic crises. Even in the developed world, the ef-fects of unjust structures and actions are all too apparent. 
Our efforts must aim at restoring 
hope, righting wrongs, maintaining commitments, and thus promoting the well-being of individuals and of peo-ples. We must move forward together, as one, in a renewed spirit of fraternity and solidarity, cooperating generously for the common good. 
The challenges facing us today call 
for a renewal of that spirit of coopera-tion, which has accomplished so much good throughout the history of the United States. The complexity, the gravity, and the urgency of these chal-lenges demand that we pool our re-sources and talents and resolve to sup-port one another with respect for our differences and our convictions of con-science. 
In this land, the various religious de-
nominations have greatly contributed to building and strengthening society. It is important that today, as in the past, the voice of faith continue to be heard, for it is a voice of fraternity and love, which tries to bring out the best in each person and in each society. Such cooperation is a powerful re-source in the battle to eliminate new global forms of slavery, born of grave injustices which can be overcome only through new policies and new forms of social consensus. 
Politics is, instead, an expression of 
our compelling need to live as one, in order to build as one the greatest com-mon good: that of a community which sacrifices particular interests in order to share, in justice and peace, its goods, its interests, its social life. I do not underestimate the difficulty that this involves, but I encourage you in this effort. 
Here, too, I think of the march which 
Martin Luther King led from Selma to Montgomery 50 years ago as part of the campaign to fulfill his ‘‘dream’’ of full civil and political rights for African Americans. That dream continues to inspire us all. I am happy that America continues to be, for many, a land of dreams: dreams which lead to action, to participation, to commitment; dreams which awaken what is deepest and truest in the life of the people. 
In recent centuries, millions of peo-
ple came to this land to pursue their dream of building a future in freedom. We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners because most of us were once foreigners. I say this to you as the son of immigrants, knowing that so many of you are also descend-ants of immigrants. 
Tragically, the rights of those who 
were here long before us were not al-ways respected. For those peoples and 
their nations, from the heart of Amer-ican democracy, I wish to reaffirm my highest esteem and appreciation. Those first contacts were often turbulent and violent, but we know that it is very dif-ficult to judge the past by the criteria of the present. 
Nonetheless, when the stranger in 
our midst appeals to us, we must not repeat the sins and the errors of the past. We must resolve now to live as nobly and as justly as possible, as we educate new generations not to turn their back on our neighbors and every-thing around us. Building a nation calls us to recognize that we must con-stantly relate to others, rejecting a mindset of hostility in order to adopt one of reciprocal subsidiarity, in a con-stant effort to do our best. I am con-fident that we can do this. 
Our world is facing a refugee crisis of 
a magnitude not seen since the Second World War. This presents us with great challenges and many hard decisions. On this continent, too, thousands of persons are led to travel north in search of a better life for themselves and for their loved ones, in search of greater opportunities. Is this not what we want for our own children? We must not be taken aback by their numbers, but rather view them as persons, seeing their faces and listening to their sto-ries, trying to respond as best we can to their situation, to respond in a way which is always humane, just, and fra-ternal. We need to avoid a common temptation nowadays: to discard what-ever proves troublesome. Let us re-member the Golden Rule: ‘‘Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.’’ 
This rule points us in a clear direc-
tion. Let us treat others with the same passion and compassion with which we want to be treated. Let us seek for oth-ers the same possibilities which we seek for ourselves. Let us help others to grow, as we would like to be helped ourselves. 
In a word, if we want security, let us 
give security. If we want life, let us give life. If we want opportunities, let us provide opportunities. The yardstick we use for others will be the yardstick which time will use for us. 
The Golden Rule also reminds us of 
our responsibility to protect and de-fend human life at every stage of its development. This conviction has led me, from the beginning of my ministry, to advocate at different levels for the global abolition of the death penalty. I am convinced that this way is the best, since every life is sacred, every human person is endowed with an inalienable dignity, and society can only benefit from the rehabilitation of those con-victed of crimes. 
Recently, my brother bishops here in 
the United States renewed their call for the abolition of the death penalty. Not only do I support them, but I also offer encouragement to all those who are convinced that a just and necessary punishment must never exclude the di-mension of hope and the goal of reha-
bilitation. 
In these times when social concerns 
are so important, I cannot fail to men-tion the servant of God, Dorothy Day, who founded the Catholic Worker Movement. Her social activism, her passion for justice and for the cause of the oppressed were inspired by the Gos-pel, her faith, and the example of the saints. 
How much progress has been made in 
this area in so many parts of the world. How much has been done in these first years of the third millennium to raise people out of extreme poverty. I know that you share my conviction that much more still needs to be done, and in times of crisis and economic hard-ship, a spirit of global solidarity must not be lost. 
At the same time, I would encourage 
you to keep in mind all those people around us who are trapped in a cycle of poverty. They too need to be given hope. The fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly and on many fronts, especially in its causes. I know that many Americans today, as in the past, are working to deal with this problem. 
It goes without saying that part of 
this great effort is the creation and dis-tribution of wealth. The right use of natural resources, the proper applica-tion of technology, and the harnessing of the spirit of enterprise are essential elements of an economy which seeks to be modern, inclusive, and sustainable. 
‘‘Business is a noble vocation, di-
rected to producing wealth and improv-ing the world. It can be a fruitful source of prosperity for the area in which it operates, especially if it sees the creation of jobs as an essential part of its service to the common good.’’ 
This common good also includes the 
Earth, a central theme of the encyc-lical which I recently wrote in order to ‘‘enter into dialogue with all people about our common home.’’ ‘‘We need a conversation which includes everyone, since the environmental challenge we are undergoing, and its human roots, concern and affect us all.’’ 
In Laudato Si’, I call for a coura-
geous and responsible effort to ‘‘redi-rect our steps’’ and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental de-terioration caused by human activity. I am convinced that we can make a dif-ference. I am sure and I have no doubt that the United States and this Con-gress have an important role to play. 
Now is the time for courageous ac-
tions and strategies aimed at imple-menting a ‘‘culture of care’’ and ‘‘an integrated approach to combating pov-erty, restoring dignity to the excluded, and at the same time protecting na-ture.’’ ‘‘We have the freedom needed to limit and direct technology, to devise intelligent ways of . . . developing and limiting our power,’’ and to put tech-nology ‘‘at the service of another type of progress, one which is healthier, more human, more social, more inte-gral.’’ In this regard, I am confident 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.005 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6194 September 24, 2015 
that America’s outstanding academic 
and research institutions can make a vital contribution in the years ahead. 
A century ago, at the beginning of 
the Great War, which Pope Benedict XV termed a ‘‘pointless slaughter,’’ an-other notable American was born: the Cistercian monk Thomas Merton. He remains a source of spiritual inspira-tion and a guide for many people. 
In his autobiography, Merton wrote: 
‘‘I came into the world. Free by nature, in the image of God, I was nevertheless the prisoner of my own violence and my own selfishness, in the image of the world into which I was born. That world was the picture of Hell, full of men like myself, loving God, and yet hating him; born to love him, living in-stead in fear of hopeless self-contradic-tory hungers.’’ 
Merton was, above all, a man of pray-
er, a thinker who challenged the cer-titudes of his time and opened new ho-rizons for souls and for the Church. He was also a man of dialogue, a promoter of peace between peoples and religions. 
From this perspective of dialogue, I 
would like to recognize the efforts made in recent months to help over-come historic differences linked to painful episodes of the past. 
It is my duty to build bridges and to 
help all men and women, in any way possible, to do the same. When coun-tries which have been at odds resume the path of dialogue—a dialogue which may have been interrupted for the most legitimate of reasons—new oppor-tunities open up for all. 
This has required, and requires, cour-
age and daring, which is not the same as irresponsibility. A good political leader is one who, with the interests of all in mind, seizes the moment in a spirit of openness and pragmatism. A good political leader always opts to initiate processes rather than pos-sessing spaces. 
Being at the service of dialogue and 
peace also means being truly deter-mined to minimize and, in the long term, to end the many armed conflicts throughout our world. Here we have to ask ourselves: Why are deadly weapons being sold to those who plan to inflict untold suffering on individuals and so-ciety? 
Sadly, the answer, as we all know, is 
simply for money, money that is drenched in blood, often innocent blood. In the face of this shameful and culpable silence, it is our duty to con-front the problem and to stop the arms trade. 
Three sons and one daughter of this 
land, four individuals and four dreams: Lincoln, liberty; Martin Luther King, liberty in plurality and non-exclusion; Dorothy Day, social justice and the rights of persons; and Thomas Merton, the capacity for dialogue and openness to God. Four representatives of the American people. 
I will end my visit to your country in 
Philadelphia, where I will take part in the World Meeting of Families. It is my wish that throughout my visit the family should be a recurrent theme. 
How essential the family has been to the building of this country, and how worthy it remains for our support and encouragement. 
Yet I cannot hide my concern for the 
family, which is threatened, perhaps as never before, from within and without. Fundamental relationships are being called into question, as is the very basis of marriage and the family. I can only reiterate the importance and, above all, the richness and the beauty of family life. 
In particular, I would like to call at-
tention to those family members who are the most vulnerable: the young. For many of them, a future filled with countless possibilities beckons, yet so many others seem disoriented and aim-less, trapped in a hopeless maze of vio-lence, abuse, and despair. 
Their problems are our problems. We 
cannot avoid them. We need to face them together, to talk about them, and to seek effective solutions rather than getting bogged down in discussions. At the risk of oversimplifying, we might say that we live in a culture which pressures young people not to start a family, because they lack possibilities for the future. Yet this same culture presents others with so many options that they, too, are dissuaded from starting a family. 
A nation can be considered great 
when it defends liberty, as Lincoln did; when it fosters a culture which enables people to ‘‘dream’’ of full rights for all brothers and sisters, as Martin Luther King sought to do; when it strives for justice and the cause of the oppressed, as Dorothy Day did by her tireless work; the fruit of a faith, which be-comes dialogue and sows peace in the contemplative style of Thomas Merton. 
In these remarks, I have sought to 
present some of the richness of your cultural heritage, of the spirit of the American people. It is my desire that this spirit continue to develop and grow, so that as many young people as possible can inherit and dwell in a land which has inspired so many people to dream. 
God bless America. (Applause, the Members rising.) At 10 o’clock and 55 minutes a.m., 
Pope Francis of the Holy See, accom-panied by the Speaker and the Vice President, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. 
f 
JOINT MEETING DISSOLVED 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
TIBERI ). The purpose of the joint meet-
ing having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. 
All Members and Senators will re-
main in the Chamber while the official party departs. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 56 
minutes a.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers and Senators are now invited to depart the Chamber for two additional events. Those wishing to view the de-parture of Pope Francis should proceed to the House steps. Those wishing to view the appearance of Pope Francis on the west front should proceed to the upper west terrace. 
The House will continue in recess 
subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-
utes a.m.), the House continued in re-cess. 
f 
b1302 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania) at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 986. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1632. An act to require a regional strat-
egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM MAJORITY 
STAFF DIRECTOR OF COM-MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from Sean McLaughlin, Ma-jority Staff Director, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, September 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena, issued by the Superior Court for the District of Columbia, pur-porting to require that, in connection with a particular criminal case, I produce certain official documents and appear to testify at trial on official matters. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined, pursuant to Rule VIII, that the subpoena (i) is not a ‘‘proper exercise of jurisdiction by the court,’’ (ii) seeks information that is not ‘‘material and relevant,’’ and/or (iii) is not ‘‘consistent with the privileges and rights’’ of the House, its Members, its officers, or its employees. Accordingly, I intend to move to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.008 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6195 September 24, 2015 
quash the subpoena, or for other protective 
relief. 
Sincerely, 
SEANMCLAUGHLIN , 
Staff Director, Majority Side. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the chair of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, September 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena, issued by the Superior Court for the District of Columbia, pur-porting to require that, in connection with a particular criminal case, I produce certain official documents and appear to testify at trial on official matters. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined, pursuant to Rule VIII, that the subpoena (i) is not a ‘‘proper exercise of jurisdiction by the court,’’ (ii) seeks information that is not ‘‘material and relevant,’’ and/or (iii) is not ‘‘consistent with the privileges and rights’’ of the House, its Members, its officers, or its employees. Accordingly, I intend to move to quash the subpoena, or for other protective relief. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM RANKING 
MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, September 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena, issued by the Superior Court for the District of Columbia, pur-porting to require that, in connection with a particular criminal case, I produce certain 
official documents and appear to testify at trial on official matters. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined, pursuant to Rule VIII, that the subpoena (i) is not a ‘‘proper exercise of jurisdiction by the court,’’ (ii) seeks information that is not ‘‘material and relevant,’’ and/or (iii) is not ‘‘consistent with the privileges and rights’’ of the House, its Members, its officers, or its employees. Accordingly, I intend to move to quash the subpoena, or for other protective relief. 
Sincerely, 
E
LIJAH E. C UMMINGS , 
Ranking Member. PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS HAD 
DURING RECESS 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings had during the recess be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 434) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 434 
Resolved, That upon the adoption of this 
resolution the bill, H.R. 719, entitled ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’, with the Senate amendment thereto, shall be considered to have been taken from the Speaker’s table to the end that the Sen-ate amendment thereto be, and the same is hereby, agreed to with the following amend-ment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the amendment of the Senate, in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Office 
of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Consistent with Federal law and regula-
tions, for law enforcement officers to qualify for premium pay as criminal investigators, the officers must, in general, spend on aver-age at least 50 percent of their time inves-tigating, apprehending, or detaining individ-uals suspected or convicted of offenses against the criminal laws of the United States. 
(2) According to the Inspector General of 
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS IG), the Transportation Security Adminis-tration (TSA) does not ensure that its cadre of criminal investigators in the Office of In-spection are meeting this requirement, even though they are considered law enforcement officers under TSA policy and receive pre-mium pay. 
(3) Instead, TSA criminal investigators in 
the Office of Inspection primarily monitor the results of criminal investigations con-ducted by other agencies, investigate admin-istrative cases of TSA employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and internal reviews, which the DHS IG asserts could be performed by employees other than 
criminal investigators at a lower cost. 
(4) The premium pay and other benefits af-
forded to TSA criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection who are incorrectly clas-sified as such will cost the taxpayer as much as $17 million over 5 years if TSA fails to make any changes to the number of criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection, ac-cording to the DHS IG. 
(5) This may be a conservative estimate, as 
it accounts for the cost of Law Enforcement Availability Pay, but not the costs of law en-forcement training, statutory early retire-ment benefits, police vehicles, and weapons. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. 
(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security (Transpor-tation Security) of the Department of Home-land Security. 
(3) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Inspec-
tor General’’ means the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 4. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT. 
(a) A UDIT.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General shall analyze the data and methods that the Assistant Secretary uses to identify Office of Inspection employees of the Administration who meet the require-ments of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, and provide the relevant findings to the Assistant Sec-retary, including a finding on whether the data and methods are adequate and valid. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—If the Inspec-
tor General finds that such data and methods are inadequate or invalid, the Administra-tion shall not hire any new employee to work in the Office of Inspection of the Ad-ministration until— 
(1) the Assistant Secretary makes a certifi-
cation described in section 5 to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Inspector General submits to such 
Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Assistant Secretary makes such certification, that the Assistant Secretary utilized adequate and valid data and methods to make such certification. 
SEC. 5. TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION WORKFORCE 
CERTIFICATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—The As-
sistant Secretary shall, by not later than 90 days after the date the Inspector General provides its findings to the Assistant Sec-retary under section 4(a), document and cer-tify in writing to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that only those Office of Inspection employ-ees of the Administration who meet the re-quirements of sections 8331(20), 8401(17), and 5545a of title 5, United States Code, are clas-sified as criminal investigators and are re-ceiving premium pay and other benefits asso-ciated with such classification. 
(b) E
MPLOYEE RECLASSIFICATION .—The As-
sistant Secretary shall reclassify criminal investigator positions in the Office of Inspec-tion as noncriminal investigator positions or non-law enforcement positions if the individ-uals in those positions do not, or are not ex-pected to, spend an average of at least 50 per-cent of their time performing criminal inves-tigative duties. 
(c) P
ROJECTED COSTSAVINGS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.003 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6196 September 24, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall estimate the total long-term cost sav-ings to the Federal Government resulting from the implementation of subsection (b), and provide such estimate to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate by not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Such estimate shall iden-
tify savings associated with the positions re-classified under subsection (b) and include, among other factors the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate, savings from— 
(A) law enforcement training; (B) early retirement benefits; (C) law enforcement availability and other 
premium pay; and 
(D) weapons, vehicles, and communications 
devices. 
SEC. 6. INVESTIGATION OF FEDERAL AIR MAR-
SHAL SERVICE MISCONDUCT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or as soon as prac-ticable, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate— 
(1) materials in the possession or control of 
the Department of Homeland Security asso-ciated with the Office of Inspection’s review of instances in which Federal Air Marshal Service officials obtained discounted or free firearms for personal use; 
(2) information on specific actions that 
will be taken to prevent Federal Air Marshal Service officials from using their official po-sitions, or exploiting, in any way, the Serv-ice’s relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms for per-sonal use; and 
(3) information on specific actions that 
will be taken to prevent the Federal Air Marshal Service from misusing Government resources. 
SEC. 7. STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that 
the Assistant Secretary submits the certifi-cation to Congress under section 5(a), the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a study— 
(1) reviewing the employee requirements, 
responsibilities, and benefits of criminal in-vestigators in the TSA Office of Inspection with criminal investigators employed at agencies adhering to the Office of Personnel Management employee classification system; and 
(2) identifying any inconsistencies and 
costs implications for differences between the varying employee requirements, respon-sibilities, and benefits. 
SEC. 8. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF FEDERAL AIR 
MARSHAL SERVICE PERSONNEL ISSUES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on 
Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a study that— 
(1) reviews the Federal Air Marshal Serv-
ice’s existing personnel policies and proce-dures for identifying misuse of Government resources; and 
(2) reviews the administration of the Fed-
eral Air Marshal Service’s existing code of conduct or integrity policies with respect to 
instances of misconduct. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 719, the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan legislation will in-
crease operational efficiency within TSA’s Office of Inspection and will translate into cost savings for the American taxpayer, as articulated in a report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general. 
I am here today because I have 
amended this legislation to build on the good work conducted by our col-leagues in the Senate and provide in-creased oversight of the Federal Air Marshal Service in light of ongoing issues of sexual misconduct within the agency. 
The amended bill requires the DHS 
inspector general to report to Congress on a review of TSA’s existing policies for identifying misuse of government resources within the Federal Air Mar-shal Service as well as TSA’s strategy for addressing instances of misconduct within the Federal Air Marshal Serv-ice. 
This provision has, unfortunately, 
become necessary, as we have learned of recent egregious examples of both alleged sexual misconduct and misuse of government resources by air mar-shals. 
In early September of this year, I was 
made aware of alleged sexual mis-conduct by three Federal air marshals in Chicago, Illinois, which came to light through an examination of a gov-ernment-issued cellular telephone due to a workman’s compensation claim in-vestigation. 
The Federal Air Marshal Service self- 
reported that the involved employees not only utilized government-issued cellular telephones for unauthorized purposes, but hotel rooms paid for with government funds were used to engage in sexual misconduct. 
I understand that managing a work-
force that operates worldwide is a mon-umental task. But, as leaders, it is im-perative that we maintain discipline in order to accomplish the overall mis-sion of keeping our skies safe. 
These and other allegations of mis-
conduct have plagued the agency and are devastating to the public trust, em-
ployee morale, and the high degree of integrity that must be maintained by Federal law enforcement officers charged with securing aviation and protecting acts of terrorism. 
Earlier this year my subcommittee 
held a hearing to examine the Federal Air Marshal Service, and we plan to continue to provide rigorous oversight as TSA works to address these dis-turbing examples of flagrant abuse of government resources and deplorable behavior. 
I wish to thank the original sponsor 
of this legislation, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ), for his 
leadership on this issue as well as Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member 
THOMPSON , and Ranking Member R ICE 
for their support. 
Also, I would like to thank my col-
leagues in the Senate, particularly Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member 
NELSON , for their work in contributing 
to the bill and passing it through that Chamber. I look forward to working with them and working towards final passage of this bill, as amended. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 719, 
the TSA Office of Inspection Account-ability Act of 2015. 
In September 2013, the Department of 
Homeland Security inspector general released a report detailing the Trans-portation Security Administration’s misclassification of certain employees in its Office of Inspection as criminal investigators. 
Specifically, the inspector general 
found that the workload of these crimi-nal investigators did not fit the Fed-eral workload requirement to justify their title. 
Because of this misclassification, 
these employees received enhanced benefits, such as premium pay, early retirement, and other benefits com-mensurate with the position, despite the fact that they perform little to no investigative duties. 
Whereas the workload for a properly 
classified criminal investigator pre-dominantly involves investigating criminal cases, the inspector general found that the workload for these em-ployees consisted largely of inves-tigating noncriminal cases, carrying out inspections, covert testing, and in-ternal reviews, all tasks that could be performed by employees who do not re-ceive the enhanced benefits. 
As the ranking member of the Home-
land Security Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency, I be-lieve that it is important that agencies utilize their resources in a manner that is both effective and efficient. 
According to the inspector general, 
the Office of Inspection did not use its resources in a manner that would effi-ciently conduct internal reviews, in-spections, and covert testing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.006 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6197 September 24, 2015 
If no changes are made to these posi-
tions, the inspector general estimated that it would result in the wasting of as much as $17.5 million over 5 years. 
H.R. 719 directs TSA to certify that 
all persons designated as criminal in-vestigators are working on criminal in-vestigations at least 50 percent of their time. 
This threshold is consistent with the 
Federal standard for the position and ensures that the TSA is providing en-hanced pay and benefits to those who actually perform the duties of a crimi-nal investigator. 
This measure will not affect those 
with the proper classification of crimi-nal investigator and will not impede ef-forts to thwart terror plots and other criminal enterprises that threaten our national security. 
This legislation also incorporates 
changes meant to address instances in which Federal Air Marshal Service offi-cials have used their official capacities to obtain benefits from private vendors and to also address recent allegations of misconduct involving the misuse of government resources and solicitation by reviewing existing personnel and code of conduct policies. 
This legislation is common sense and 
reflects a commitment to good govern-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, if enacted, H.R. 719 will 
bring greater accountability to TSA’s Office of Inspection. This measure will also ensure that taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and that past abuses are not repeated. 
I urge Members to support this legis-
lation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 719. 
b1315 
It is critical that we in Congress as-
sert our oversight priorities to ensure that taxpayer dollars and government resources are being used in a respon-sible manner. We must make certain that our Federal employees, especially those in positions of law enforcement and significant public trust, are not misusing government resources to en-gage in sexual misconduct and are ex-hibiting the highest degree of moral fortitude. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H.R. 434. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILD-
ING, UNITED STATES POST OF-FICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1707) to designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1707 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILDING, 
UNITED STATES POST OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building lo-
cated at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkan-sas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask unanimous 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on S. 1707. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 1707 would designate 
the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House. 
Judge Trieber, a Prussian immigrant, 
eventually became the first Jewish Federal judge in our Nation’s history. Settling in Helena, Arkansas, Judge Trieber issued rulings to protect against racial discrimination more than six decades before the Supreme Court would. For his unmatched dedi-cation to justice, a lifetime of service, and his many landmark rulings, we seek support in renaming the Federal building in his honor. 
Appointed to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas by President McKinley in 1900, he served for 27 years and became one of the country’s most distinguished jurists and renowned constitutional scholars. Working simultaneously on more than 1,000 cases each year, Judge 
Trieber issued nationally important rulings on controversies that included antitrust cases, railroad litigation, prohibition cases, and mail fraud. Sev-eral of his rulings, especially the ones regarding civil rights and wildlife con-servation, still have implications today. 
Judge Trieber took an early interest 
in civil rights, especially after seeing how discrimination against Jews con-sumed his home country of Prussia. After the move to his new home in the United States, Arkansas became very dear to him, but the blatant racism he saw firsthand affected his outlook on life and his work even more than what he had encountered in Prussia. Judge Trieber ‘‘sought to communicate— through his own life and deeds and his commitment to equal justice—that racism was detrimental to the people of Arkansas’’ and that only until the State’s race relations problem was solved could the ‘‘State’s great poten-tial be achieved.’’ 
Since Arkansas’ judicial system 
alone could not prevent the common-place violence and racism, Judge Trieber took it upon himself to fight against injustice through several land-mark rulings, two of which dealt with employment discrimination. He also fought against unfair election laws, which he correctly believed were unfair to women and Blacks. 
Going against conventional thought 
and even at risk to himself, Judge Trieber ruled against local hate groups, writing that ‘‘the rights to lease lands and to accept employment for hire are fundamental rights, inherent in every free citizen.’’ 
Although he was overruled in 1906 by 
the Supreme Court, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 had finally granted the comprehensive protection against ra-cial discrimination that Judge Trieber had long sought. In 1968, the Supreme Court overturned their original ruling against Judge Trieber’s interpretation, saying that his interpretation of the law was at last vindicated. 
In 1927, Judge Trieber departed this 
life and was buried in Little Rock at Oakland Cemetery. He would never live to see the changes he fought so hard for, but by renaming the Federal build-ing in the town he loved, we preserve his memory and acknowledge his very early role in the most important civil rights movement our Nation has ever seen. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with my col-
league’s endorsement of Judge Trieber’s legacy as a trailblazer and champion of civil rights for all Ameri-cans. 
Judge Jacob Trieber was a highly re-
spected Federal judge in the Eastern District of Arkansas who served with distinction for 27 years. Judge Trieber 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.015 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6198 September 24, 2015 
was one of the first Federal judges to 
embrace international treaties as a basis for Federal policy to trump State regulation with respect to pollution control, endangered species preserva-tion, and wetlands conservation. 
Judge Trieber also famously ruled 
that a local group of White citizens could not compel a sawmill to fire its Black workers. Judge Trieber’s origi-nal decision was later cited as a fore-sighted ruling that had correctly inter-preted the 13th Amendment. 
Because of Judge Trieber’s long his-
tory of public service and outstanding judicial service, it is appropriate to name the U.S. Federal building in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional 
speakers. I support the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for her elo-quent comments, and I urge my col-leagues to support S. 1707. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 1707. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
WILLIAM J. HOLLOWAY, JR. 
UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 261) to designate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, as the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 261 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WILLIAM J. HOLLOWAY, JR. UNITED 
STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States court-
house located at 200 NW 4th Street in Okla-homa City, Oklahoma, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 261. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 261 would designate 
the United States Courthouse located at 200 Northwest Fourth Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the Wil-liam J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
A native of Oklahoma, Judge Hollo-
way served in the U.S. Army during World War II. Judge Holloway was nominated by the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals by President Johnson in 1968. He served as chief judge from 1984 to 1991 and assumed senior status in 1992 until his death in 2014. 
During his 45 years on the bench, he 
authored over 900 opinions and became the longest serving tenth circuit judge. I think it is more than fitting to name this courthouse after him. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
legislation. 
Judge Holloway was well-respected 
and served for over 45 years as an ap-pellate judge in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. During his tenure, Judge Holloway wrote more than 900 appellate opinions and continued to serve as a judge until his death in 2014. 
Judge Holloway received many 
awards, including the President’s Award from the Oklahoma Bar Asso-ciation and the Humanitarian Award from the National Conference of Chris-tians and Jews, and had a prestigious lecture series named after him. 
Because of Judge Holloway’s long 
Federal service and his universally re-vered work ethic, I support naming the U.S. Courthouse located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Court-house. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-
ers and no further comments. I support the legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for her sup-port, and I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 261. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 261. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL REPORT 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3116) to extend by 15 years the au-thority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial re-port program. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3116 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Quarterly 
Financial Report Reauthorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE TO CON-DUCT QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RE-PORT PROGRAM. 
Section 4(b) of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to 
amend title 13, United States Code, to trans-fer responsibility for the quarterly financial report from the Federal Trade Commission to the Secretary of Commerce, and for other purposes’’, approved January 12, 1983 (Public Law 97–454; 13 U.S.C. 91 note), is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I ask unanimous 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3116, the Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization Act, sponsored by my colleague from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Congressman T
EDLIEU. 
Mr. Speaker, since 1947, Quarterly Fi-
nancial Report, often referred to as the QFR program, has collected and pub-lished key data on American corporate financial results. It is the primary source of data for GDP estimates and other top-line economic estimates. Ever since its first development, the QFR program has been one of our Na-tion’s most important economic indi-cators. 
Quite simply, this survey allows us 
to measure how large sectors of our economy are doing. Without the QFR, we would lose a seven-decade economic trendline. The QFR’s loss would also have significant negative impacts on a wide variety of economic indicators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.018 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6199 September 24, 2015 
Authorization for this important pro-
gram expires next week at the end of the fiscal year. Today we consider a bill introduced by Congressman T
ED 
LIEUthat will reauthorize this key pro-
gram for an additional 15 years. 
The Oversight and Government Re-
form Committee approved this bill without objection on July 22. It is a good bill, and I would like to thank Congressman T
EDLIEUfor his good 
work on this and his leadership on this issue, and I would urge my colleagues to support and pass this bill. 
Further, I would also urge my col-
leagues in the Senate to take quick ac-tion on the legislation as well. The QFR program is vital for under-standing our economy, and we cannot and should not let it expire. 
Again, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I in-
troduced the Quarterly Financial Re-port Reauthorization Act, a bill that would reauthorize a vital and common-sense program for 15 years. The Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered the bill reported by voice vote in July of 2015. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ  
and Ranking Member C UMMINGS for 
working to quickly move this bill for-ward prior to the program’s expiration this year. 
Since the end of World War II, the 
QFR has been a closely watched prin-cipal economic indicator used to deter-mine our Nation’s gross domestic prod-uct, the Federal Reserve’s Flow of Funds account, and other vital eco-nomic estimates. 
It is conducted by the U.S. Census 
Bureau based on a sample size of 12,500 companies across a variety of industry sectors, from mining, to manufac-turing, to information and professional services. The end result is timely, ac-curate data on business financial con-ditions for over one-third of our econ-omy that is widely used by both gov-ernment and private sector actors. 
b1330 
The program plans to further expand 
coverage to over 60 percent of our econ-omy, tracking additional sectors and industries, such as health care and real estate. 
The Department of Commerce has 
called the reauthorization of this pro-gram a top priority, and the U.S. Cen-sus Bureau has received letters of vali-dation from both the public and private sectors. 
The Small Business Administration 
supports it as do companies such as ProQuest, a Michigan-based global in-formation content and technology company, and companies such as Wells Fargo, whose chief economist wrote in support of this QFR and said: Good de-cisions require good information. 
At a time when our country is not 
that far removed from the wake of the global financial crisis, we need all the 
tools at our disposal to measure the state of our economy and to chart our progress. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I appreciate the work of Mr. L
IEU. This is a good example of our 
working together on both sides of the aisle. We passed it smoothly out of committee, and I urge its adoption here today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3116. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT JOSEPH 
D’AUGUSTINE POST OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 994) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Jo-seph D’Augustine Post Office Build-ing’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 994 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT JOSEPH 
D’AUGUSTINE POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Of-fice Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. While this is a Senate bill, there is 
nobody who has been more passionate and excited and dedicated to getting this done than Mr. G
ARRETT of New 
Jersey. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ). 
Mr. GARRETT. I thank the chairman 
for helping us to usher this legislation through today. I very much appreciate it. 
Mr. Speaker, today I stand before the 
House to honor the life and the legacy of one of New Jersey’s sons, Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine of Waldwick, New Jersey. 
Staff Sergeant D’Augustine was 
killed more than 3 years ago—that was back on March 27, 2012—while con-ducting combat operations in Afghani-stan. In the greatest possible act of self-sacrifice, he gave his life while pro-tecting the lives of men and women in uniform. He was just 29 years old. 
Today it is fitting that this House 
will honor him by passing legislation to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 1 Wal-ter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building. 
While nothing will ever heal the loss 
left by Staff Sergeant D’Augustine to his family, to his friends, and to his community, today’s vote will ensure that all of the residents of this town will have a permanent reminder of the ultimate sacrifice made by one of their native sons. 
To protect our freedom, to protect 
our liberty, to protect our way of life, a few brave men and women have an-swered that call of duty. They stand— and have stood—between us here in the United States and those who would do us harm. So I am privileged to come here and stand before this House to honor one of those men today. 
You see, it was just one day after 
graduating from Waldwick High School in 2001 that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. 
He was assigned then to the 8th Engi-
neer Support Battalion, 2nd Marine Lo-gistics Group, 2nd Marine Expedi-tionary Force. He had served two full tours of duty in Iraq and was just 2 weeks away from completing his sec-ond tour of duty in Afghanistan. 
He worked as something called an ex-
plosive ordnance disposal tech, and he was going ahead of his fellow marines, soldiers, sailors, and airmen. He was the one clearing the way for them. Al-though we will never know the number of lives that he saved, I think his nu-merous awards speak for his selfless heroism. 
He was awarded the Bronze Star with 
Valor, the Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Ribbon, the Good Conduct Medal, the National De-fense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, the Iraq Campaign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.023 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6200 September 24, 2015 
Medal, the Global War on Terrorism 
Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Humanitarian Serv-ice Medal, and the NATO-ISAF Medal. I think all of these speak of his selfless heroism. 
Even now, after his passing, Staff 
Sergeant D’Augustine’s legacy con-tinues in his community. The Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Memo-rial Fund offers a scholarship to one male graduating senior and to one fe-male graduating senior who exemplify the highest standards of citizenship through strong character and dedica-tion to community service. Since Octo-ber of 2012, the fund has donated more than $94,000 to numerous charities as well as direct donations to veterans in need. 
The tremendous outpouring of love 
and support for his family since his death has provided a glimpse into the numbers of lives that he has touched and to the number of lives his love con-tinues to touch. 
To those who knew him best—his 
parents, Anthony and Patricia; his three sisters, Nicole, Jennifer, Michele; and his brother-in-law, Len—he will be remembered as a loving son and broth-er. 
To his fellow marines, he will be re-
membered as a faithful brother in arms. To this Nation, he will be re-membered as a patriot who loved this country, who loved the Marine Corps, and who gave his life in defense of free-
dom. 
The Marine Corps’ motto is Semper 
Fidelis, always faithful. Staff Sergeant D’Augustine lived this motto, and his legacy embodies it. He was faithful to his country; he was faithful to the mis-sion; he was faithful to the Corps; and he was faithful to his fellow marines. 
In times such as this, words do fail to 
provide adequate comfort to his family and to his friends; but it is my hope, as I think it is the hope of us all, to know that the prayers and gratitude of this Nation are with them. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
supporting this legislation. Again, I thank the chairman for moving this legislation, for ensuring that the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Of-fice becomes an everlasting honor to his legacy and service to our Nation. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
the consideration of S. 994, a bill to designate the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office. 
A native of New Jersey, Joseph 
D’Augustine attended Waldwick High School, where he wrestled and played football. 
Following his graduation, Joseph 
joined the Marine Corps, serving two tours of duty as an infantryman in Op-eration Iraqi Freedom. 
On March 27, 2012, while serving his 
second tour in Afghanistan, Joseph was tragically killed while working to dif-fuse a bomb. Having served on Active Duty my-
self—and still in the Reserves—I want to honor Joseph for his service and also his family for their sacrifice and their loss. 
Joseph received a number of awards 
for his dedicated service, including the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, and the Humani-tarian Service Medal. 
In addition to Joseph’s courageous 
military service, he is remembered for giving back to his hometown through a youth wrestling program that he co-founded with his father. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
to honor the years that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine dedicated to this country and the ultimate sacrifice he made on our behalf. 
I urge the passage of S. 994. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, you have heard today of the passionate, deep-felt belief of our col-league, Congressman G
ARRETT . It is 
very appropriate to pass this bill and name this post office after Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine. 
I didn’t know his family, but I hope 
his family will know today, tomorrow, and forever how grateful this Nation is. People like him step up; they serve; they answer the call of their country. 
I hope we always remember that and 
give pause and thanks to those men and women who do sacrifice. So I find it very appropriate that we would name this post office after this young man, Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine. 
I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 994. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT H. 
DIETZ POST OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1442) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Rob-ert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1442 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT H. DIETZ 
POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, shall 
be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1442, 
introduced by Congressman C
HRIS GIB-
SON. We are honored that he is cham-
pioning this bill through the House. 
I think he has the best perspective 
from which to give an overview of why it is appropriate that we honor Staff Sergeant Robert Dietz for his sacrifice to this country and honor him. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ). 
Mr. GIBSON. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a 
member of the Greatest Generation from my district in upstate New York. H.R. 1442 renames the post office in Kingston, New York, after Staff Ser-geant Robert Dietz, who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courageous actions during World War II. 
Sergeant Dietz hailed from Kingston, 
New York, a proud and historical city in New York’s 19th Congressional Dis-trict. 
In March of 1945, Sergeant Dietz led 
his squad on an attack of a heavily for-tified German position while pro-tecting a key bridge. 
Under heavy machine gun fire, Ser-
geant Dietz advanced forward, clearing enemy obstacles, providing a path for the men of his squad and platoon. 
This selfless act enabled the success 
of this attack, but in the process, Ser-geant Dietz made the supreme sacrifice 
and was killed while valiantly leading his men. 
Last year I had several local vet-
erans’ service organizations reach out to me to rename the post office in Kingston for Sergeant Dietz. I thank these organizations, including the Kingston Veterans Association, Wil-liam Forte, and Dan Joyce, for their leadership and for their support of this bill. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ , 
Ranking Member C UMMINGS , and the 
entire Oversight and Government Re-form Committee for passing this bill earlier this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.026 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6201 September 24, 2015 
I also want to thank the entire New 
York State delegation for its strong support of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, today we pause to re-
member Sergeant Dietz and all of those men and women who have lost their lives in defense of our freedoms. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
support H.R. 1442. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
the consideration of H.R. 1442, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building.’’ 
A Kingston native, Sergeant Dietz 
served in the Army’s 38th Armored In-fantry Battalion, 7th Armored Divi-sion, during World War II. He was post-humously awarded the Medal of Honor for his valor, and this is some of what he did. 
He was leading a squad as they ad-
vanced, and a minefield and two well- defended bridges blocked their path. Despite heavy fire, Sergeant Dietz led his men through the minefield and forged on. 
In a show of unmatched courage, Ser-
geant Dietz dodged bullets to independ-ently advance to the first bridge, where he killed the bazooka team that was defending the structure. 
He continued to advance, killing an-
other bazooka team as well as other German soldiers who fired at him. In his final act of bravery, Sergeant Dietz dove into waist-deep water to dis-connect the demolition charges on the second bridge, and he was struck and killed by German sniper fire when he stood to alert his men that their route was then clear. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
in order to honor Sergeant Dietz’ val-iant actions and to remember a man who truly put his country before him-self. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1442. I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1345 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, Staff 
Sergeant Dietz, this is what made America great. People like this stepped up and answered the call. They find themselves in a most impossible situa-tion, but they are fighting for their country. It embodies the American spirit. 
I would urge the passage today of 
H.R. 1442. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1442. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. SGT. ZACHARY M. FISHER POST 
OFFICE 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 322) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 322 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. ZACHARY M. FISHER POST OF-
FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Mis-souri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fish-er Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 322 in-
troduced by Congresswoman A
NNWAG-
NER, which designates the post office 
located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office. 
I find this very appropriate. This is a 
young person who went to serve their country, and we honor that person. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the Congresswoman 
who has championed this through the House of Representatives. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor a brave American hero, Sergeant Zachary M. Fisher, from my hometown of Ballwin, Missouri. 
On July 14, 2010, Missouri’s Second 
District lost a brave young man when United States Army Sergeant Zach Fisher was killed by an IED while serv-ing during Operation Enduring Free-dom. Sergeant Fisher was assigned to the 27th Engineer Battalion of the 20th Engineer Brigade based out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He was 24 years old when he died at Forward Operating Base Lagman in Afghanistan. 
Zach graduated in 2004 from Mar-
quette High School in St. Louis, where his history teacher remembered him as 
a patriotic student with an interest in how the United States developed as a country. 
Zach met his beautiful and loving 
wife, Jessica, just before his earlier de-ployment in Iraq. At the time of his death, they had been married for just 2 years. 
Sergeant Fisher is survived by his 
parents, Sue and Jim Jacobs and Bob and Alicia Fisher; and three brothers, Andrew, Clayton, and Alexander; along with two sisters, Emily and Zoe. 
Zach initially enlisted in the United 
States Army Reserves. When he told his parents that he wanted to report for Active Duty, they asked him to give them two good reasons why he would choose to put himself in harm’s way in the service of his country. His reply said a lot about the character of the man Zach Fisher. He wanted to join the Army because he wanted the discipline that it would provide, and he wanted to be part of something bigger than himself. 
Although the United States of Amer-
ica can never fully repay the priceless debt we owe to Sergeant Fisher, we can do our part to ensure that his memory lives on. Therefore, it is my honor to sponsor H.R. 322, a bill that names the Chesterfield main post office after such a courageous young man, memori-alizing a hero who gave up his life in service to the Nation that he loved. 
All of Zachary’s friends would say 
that Zach was their best friend. He was a dedicated warrior whose commitment to family, friends, and country will be long remembered. 
I am proud that this legislation will 
serve as a testament to the dedication and sacrifice of Sergeant Zachary Fish-er, standing as a physical reminder of the bravery of one American from Mis-souri’s Second District who chose to serve a cause greater than himself. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
the consideration of H.R. 322, a bill to designate the Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office. 
Zachary Fisher was born in Missouri 
in 1986. A 2004 graduate of Marquette High School, Zachary was known for his passion for American history, patri-otism, and academic excellence. 
To those who knew him, it was no 
surprise that Zachary decided to serve his country by enlisting in the Army Reserves in 2006. In 2007, he was de-ployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and later, in December 2009, to Afghanistan. 
Tragically, on July 14, 2010, Sergeant 
Fisher and seven of his fellow soldiers were killed in Afghanistan after insur-gents attacked their vehicle with an improvised explosive device. For his honorable service, Sergeant Fisher re-ceived numerous military awards, in-cluding the NATO Medal, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart. Sergeant Fisher is survived by his wife, Jessica, his par-ents and five siblings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.028 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6202 September 24, 2015 
Having myself served in Active Duty 
and still in the Reserves, I honor Ser-geant Fisher’s outstanding service and sacrifice to our Nation, and also the sacrifice of his family. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
and remember the brave leadership of Sergeant Zachary Fisher and honor the ultimate sacrifice he made for our Na-tion. I urge the passage of H.R. 322. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my deep honor to support something that would honor the life, the sacrifice, and the commitment of the patriotism of Sergeant Fisher. 
I hope his family knows and internal-
izes how grateful his country is, how men and women across the country thank the young people who step up and serve their Nation. 
So we recognize Army Sergeant 
Zachary M. Fisher, and I urge the pas-sage of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 322. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-
ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SGT. AMANDA N. PINSON POST 
OFFICE 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 323) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 323 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. AMANDA N. PINSON POST OF-
FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 323, 
which is introduced and championed by Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER , which 
designates this post office in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office. 
We love people like this who step up 
and serve their Nation and to be able to recognize this person, their family, and their community. We are so grate-ful to be able to remember the great sacrifices that they have made. The person who is in the best position to discuss this is Congresswoman A
NN 
WAGNER . 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise in honor of an American hero. On March 16, 2006, Missouri’s Second Con-gressional District lost a brave young soldier when United States Army Ser-geant Amanda N. Pinson was killed in 
a mortar attack while serving during Operation Iraqi Freedom. I would like to take a moment to reflect on the life of this courageous young woman. 
Army Sergeant Amanda Pinson was a 
signals intelligence analyst assigned to the 101st Military Intelligence Detach-ment of the 101st Airborne Division, based in Fort Campbell, Kentucky. The Screaming Eagles are personal to me. My oldest son, Raymond, is presently serving as a captain in the 101st Air-borne. 
Growing up in Lemay, Missouri, 
Amanda enlisted in the Army after graduating from Hancock Place High School, where she won several scholar-ships and was on the basketball and softball teams. 
Amanda was always concerned with 
helping others. In high school, she started her own group called the Han-cock Environmental Leadership Pro-gram, and she enlisted all of her friends to join her in making a difference. 
Amanda and her group of dedicated 
volunteers planted trees at local parks and volunteered with local seniors. The group also planted and maintained flowers at the entrance of Jefferson Barracks Park. The park where she used to plant flowers is adjoined to Jef-ferson Barracks National Cemetery, where Amanda was laid to rest. A pink willow tree was also planted in her honor at her alma mater, Hancock High School, in 2006. 
Amanda clearly had the respect and 
the admiration of her fellow soldiers. She was described as a ‘‘model soldier’’ and ‘‘a breath of fresh air’’ by Lieuten-ant Colonel Lucinda Lane, who spoke at her service. 
Following her death, Sergeant 
Pinson was awarded a Bronze Star, a Good Conduct Medal, a Global War on 
Terrorism Medal, and a Purple Heart. Her impact on the people privileged to know her is evidenced by the several memorials that honor her life. 
In 2006, the U.S. Army honored 
Amanda by dedicating the building where she worked in Tikrit, Iraq, nam-ing it Pinson Hall. 
Amanda is survived by her mother, 
Chris; her father, Tony; and her young-er brother, Bryan. 
The Sgt. Amanda M. Pinson Post Of-
fice will join the other memorials in her honor as a testament to the brav-ery, valor, and kindness of this Amer-ican hero who made the ultimate sac-rifice for her country. 
It is my honor to sponsor H.R. 323, a 
bill that names the Affton Branch, Grasso Plaza Post Office after such a courageous young woman, immor-talizing a hero who gave up her life in service to the Nation that she loved. May it bring comfort to her family and their friends and give witness to Ser-geant Pinson’s bravery and sacrifice. To quote the face that adorns so many tributes and memorials to Amanda: ‘‘If love could have saved you, you would have lived forever.’’ 
So today on behalf of a grateful na-
tion, I say: Thank you, Amanda. You are indeed loved. 
b1400 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues in 
the consideration of H.R. 323, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in St. Louis, Mis-souri, as the Sergeant Amanda N. Pinson Post Office. 
As has been stated, she was a native 
of St. Louis, Missouri, and attended the high school there. Not only was Amanda one of the top students in her class, she enjoyed the opportunity to participate in sports and excelled in them, all while earning numerous aca-demic scholarships. 
She enlisted in the military, and she 
served her country. She was assigned to the 101st Military Intelligence De-tachment out of Fort Campbell, Ken-tucky, where she served as a signals in-telligence analyst. 
It has been stated that, while she was 
deployed to Iraq in 2006, Sergeant Pinson was tragically killed by a mor-tar round on March 16. She was the first female signals intelligence ana-lyst to ever be killed in combat. 
Sergeant Pinson was honored by hav-
ing the Army’s new cryptology center named in her honor and her memory. Additionally, Sergeant Pinson’s par-ents accepted a Bronze Star, a Good Conduct Medal, a Global War on Ter-rorism Medal and a Purple Heart for their daughter’s commendable military service. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
to remember Sergeant Amanda Pinson’s unselfish dedication to bettering the lives of those around her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.031 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6203 September 24, 2015 
and for her ultimate sacrifice she so 
bravely made. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 323. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
the passage of this bill. It is appro-priate that the United States Congress honor Sergeant Pinson. 
I hope that her family will always 
know how much this Nation is grateful for this young woman’s service and sacrifice to her country. 
She was only 21 years old—21 years 
old. She answered the call, stepped up, served her Nation. While her life was taken, I think the inspiration and dedi-cation that she gave her Nation should always be remembered. 
I thank Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER  
for bringing this to the attention of the Congress and championing it through. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 323. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 323. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
LT. DANIEL P. RIORDAN POST 
OFFICE 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 324) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office.’’ 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 324 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LT. DANIEL P. RIORDAN POST OF-
FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We are here today to honor Lieuten-
ant Daniel P. Riordan with a post of-fice naming in St. Louis, Missouri. This has been brought to our attention by Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER . 
I appreciate her championing this 
through the Congress. She is in the best position to give the background and the reasoning for the naming of this post office. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman very, very much for his indulgence in these three post office namings. 
I thank the ranking member, also. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of 
a brave young man from Missouri’s Second Congressional District. On June 23, 2007, Missouri’s Second Congres-sional District lost a true American hero when United States Army First Lieutenant Daniel Riordan made the ultimate sacrifice for his country while serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a 
moment to reflect on the life of this young patriot. Daniel Patrick Riordan was born to Rick and Jeanine Riordan on February 17, 1983. 
He had a twin brother, Nick, and an 
older sister, Suzanne. After graduating from Vianney High School in Kirk-wood, Missouri, Dan attended South-east Missouri State, where he was in the Air Force’s ROTC program. 
After graduation, Dan decided to fol-
low his father into the military and joined the U.S. Army, quickly becom-ing known as Lieutenant Dan. 
Lieutenant Dan became a tank com-
mander, and in 2006 he was deployed to Iraq as part of Operation Iraqi Free-dom. As a member of Demon Company in the 1st Cavalry Division, Dan served with courage and determination. 
Despite frequently being out-
numbered in enemy territory, Dan was always out on point, leading his pla-toon into battle. Dan took his leader-ship responsibilities literally. As he put it: How can I order my men forward if I am not willing to go first? 
To those who knew Dan, his devotion 
to his country through service and sac-rifice came as no surprise. He was both a fierce and dedicated warrior in the service of our country and a caring and loving gentleman who felt a duty to help those in need. 
From a very young age, Dan showed 
sensitivity beyond his years. At the age of 5 or 6, while attending a funeral, Dan’s mom found him sitting with an elderly woman. 
When she asked him why he was sit-
ting with her, he said she looked sad and lonely. It was this kind of compas-sion that drew him to the United States military: his desire to serve, help, and protect those in need. While at home on leave from Oper-
ation Iraqi Freedom, Dan consistently reassured his family that our country’s military efforts were truly bringing empowerment and freedom to the peo-ple of Iraq. He believed in a cause greater than himself, that of freedom, democracy, and the dignity of all peo-ple. 
While in the Army, Dan wrote his 
mother a letter in case he didn’t re-turn. One thing that he said was: Don’t mourn for me, Mom. Celebrate my life. 
Today we celebrate First Lieutenant 
Daniel P. Riordan’s life by designating the Sappington Branch Post Office in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Lieutenant Daniel P. Riordan Post Office. 
The United States of America owes 
Dan a priceless debt that we will never be able to fully repay, but we can do our part to ensure that his memory lives on. 
Therefore, it is my honor to sponsor 
H.R. 324, a bill that names the Sappington Branch Post Office after such a courageous young man, immor-talizing a hero who gave up his life in the service to the Nation that he loved. 
This legislation will serve as a testa-
ment to the dedication and sacrifice of First Lieutenant Daniel Riordan, standing as a physical reminder of the bravery of one American from Mis-souri’s Second Congressional District. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my 
colleagues in consideration of H.R. 324, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in St. Louis, Missouri, as Lieutenant Daniel Riordan Post Office. 
Daniel Riordan was born in Fort 
Worth, Texas, and then later at the age of 5 moved to St. Louis, Missouri. There he attended the high school of St. John Vianney. 
While attending college at Southeast 
Missouri State University, Daniel worked for the Department of Public Safety and the Jackson Sheriff’s De-partment. 
In pursuit of his childhood dream of 
becoming a fighter pilot, Daniel also joined the university’s Air Force ROTC program. 
Upon graduation, Daniel was com-
missioned in the U.S. Army, beginning his career in the infantry at Fort Benning, Georgia. 
By 2006, he had become a tank com-
mander of the Blue Platoon. In October of that year, his unit deployed for a 15- month tour to Iraq. 
Lieutenant Riordan survived many 
attacks from explosive devices with only minor wounds, and he was proud of his unit’s brave actions on behalf of the Iraqi citizens. 
Sadly, in June of 2007, a massive IED 
explosion instantly took the lives of Lieutenant Riordan and four others in his unit. He was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
324 to remember the brave leadership of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.034 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6204 September 24, 2015 
Lieutenant Daniel Riordan and to 
honor the sacrifices he made for the love of our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in con-
clusion, I urge the passage of H.R. 324. 
Lieutenant Riordan served with great courage and sacrifice for his Nation. 
I hope his family, friends, and col-
leagues, those around him will look to him for inspiration, somebody who steps up and answers the call of their country. 
I only hope and pray that his family 
knows how much we all care across the country for people like Lieutenant Riordan. I appreciate the help on both sides of the aisle to get this passed. 
I really appreciate Congresswoman 
W
AGNER , who brought this to 
everybody’s attention and really pushed to get it done. I hope we find it in our hearts to pass this appropriate bill today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 324. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ CHENAULT POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 558) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Chenault Post Office Building. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 558 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ CHENAULT POST 
OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Build-ing’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
b1415 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 558, introduced by Mr. C
HABOT . 
It is a very appropriate bill, recog-nizing someone in the community. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
from Utah for yielding. 
I rise today to speak on behalf of 
H.R. 558, which names the post office in Springboro, Ohio, after Richard Chenault. 
Mr. Chenault was born in Xenia, 
Ohio, on December 26, 1925. He was married to his wife, Phyllis, for 63 years. They have four children, four grandchildren, and four great-grand-children. He was a lifelong resident of Springboro and Clearcreek Township before passing away in November 2010. 
Throughout his life, Richard 
Chenault dedicated himself to serving his community and his Nation. A World War II veteran, Mr. Chenault served in the United States Army’s First Cavalry Division from 1944 to 1946, including a year in occupied Japan. Upon returning to Ohio after the war, he sought a career in which he could continue to serve, this time in his local community. He found that op-portunity with the U.S. Postal Service, where he was one of the first letter car-riers for the Springboro Post Office. He served his community as an employee of the post office for 22 years. 
But Richard Chenault’s dedication to 
his community and his neighbors didn’t stop there. He was a member of the Clearcreek Township Volunteer Fire Department for 45 years, and he served as chief of the department for 23 of those years. Additionally, he was a part-time police officer during the fif-ties, sixties, and early 1970s, and was a charter member of the Springboro Lions Club, which was founded in 1953. He didn’t miss a meeting for 57 years. Somehow he even found time to fre-quently mow lawns, shovel snow, and check on his elderly neighbors. 
Not surprisingly, Mr. Chenault was 
adored and revered by the Springboro community. When he passed, his obit-uary in the Dayton Daily News was headlined, ‘‘Springboro Icon Dies,’’ and he had one of the largest funerals in Springboro history. 
Since his passing, members of the 
community have sought the best way to honor a man who did so much for so many. Fittingly, the community has rallied to remember him by naming their local post office the Richard Chenault Post Office, as it was the post office that allowed Mr. Chenault to do what he loved best: serve his neighbors. I ask for your support in honoring 
this extraordinary public servant by supporting this bill. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 558, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Springboro, Ohio, as the Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Chenault Post Office Building. 
We have heard the amazing career 
and service of Mr. Chenault. It includes service to his country in many ways. Serving during World War II, he re-turned back to his community and con-tinued to serve. He was well-known as a friendly face in Springboro. He be-came the first letter carrier when the postal delivery started in 1965, and he continued to do so until his retirement in 1988. 
I want to take the time to note that 
postal service employment is a form of service to our country and to our citi-zens. That is included in his resume of service, and it is deserving of recogni-tion. 
He served in the volunteer fire de-
partment as their chief. He served as a deputy policeman. He also was involved in community groups, such as being a charter member of the Lions Club. He had an unwavering commitment to service in his community. One thing that is notable is that Mr. Chenault had perfect attendance at the Lions Club for 57 years. 
Mr. Chenault is survived by his fam-
ily, but also by the community that he served. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Dick Chenault’s devotion to public service and the im-pact that he made on his community and those fortunate enough to know him. 
I would also note that this is an ex-
ample of an individual who, at every level he was given an opportunity to 
serve, he did. It is with such honor that we should give him, his family, and those who knew him this recognition by naming the post office after him. I urge passage of the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
From what I know about Mr. 
Chenault, he was a great American. I am proud that Congressman S
TEVE  
CHABOT brought this up and moved this 
bill, because he did everything as an American. He served his country. He served his community. He served his family. He was a volunteer firefighter, fire chief, part-time police officer, and a charter member and president of the Lions Club. For more than 50 years, he had a perfect attendance at the Lions Club. My goodness. 
He was somebody who gave back to 
his community and somebody who I would hope young people will learn more about when they see the designa-tion of this post office. We thank his family. We thank him for his service to his country, his family, and his com-munity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.036 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6205 September 24, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 558. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
OFFICER DARYL R. PIERSON ME-
MORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1884) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1884 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OFFICER DARYL R. PIERSON MEMO-
RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pier-son Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We are preparing and supporting the 
designation of a post office for a great American. This is brought to our at-tention and introduced by Congress-woman L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . It is prob-
ably most appropriate that she be the one to tell us more about this person’s background, this person’s life, and why we should name this post office after him. It is a great American story. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ). 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come before the House 
today to honor a great young man whom the Rochester, New York, com-munity continues to mourn and seeks to memorialize. 
On September 3 of last year, Roch-
ester Police Officer Daryl R. Pierson was killed in the line of duty. His job with the Rochester Police Depart-ment’s tactical unit was important to all of us. He was recognized for work-ing to remove illegal guns from the streets. 
While securing our neighborhoods 
and ensuring that our children were safe, Officer Pierson paid the ultimate price at the young age of 32. He was the first Rochester Police Department offi-cer killed by gunfire in the line of duty since 1959, and our community will not forget him. 
He left behind a wife, Amy Pierson— 
a young widow now—and two young children, Christian and Charity. It brings me great sadness to know that he will not be able to see them grow up and that they will only know him now from memory. 
Officer Pierson’s death traumatized 
the entire community, which came to-gether in mourning. Over a thousand police officers and citizens of our area attended his funeral at the War Memo-rial Building. 
But he served far more than what he 
did in the police department. He served as a member of the National Guard. He was also an Army veteran of the war in Afghanistan. After all that, he came home to try to make his community safer. He died trying to do that. He was a devoted police officer who did his best every single day of his life. 
The bill before us would rename the 
United States Post Office in his home-town community of East Rochester, New York, after him. It would be a wonderful tribute to his service. The most important thing is that every cit-izen of East Rochester and anyone else who uses that post office will never go into that door without remembering Daryl Pierson and who he was and what he did. 
I think Daryl’s mother summed it up 
better than anyone could. She said: ‘‘Daryl lived as a hero; he didn’t have to die to be a hero.’’ 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 1884, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated in East Rochester, New York, as the Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building. 
A native of East Rochester, New 
York, Daryl Pierson graduated from East Rochester High School and at-tended Monroe Community College. He served our country in Afghanistan be-fore he began his service in the Roch-ester Police Force. 
It is said his calming demeanor and 
ability to deal with chaotic situations made him a perfect fit for the depart-ment’s tactical unit. As a member of 
that unit, Officer Pierson received nu-merous awards, including the 2013 Good Conduct Award, and 11 letters of rec-ognition from the police chief. In addi-tion to his service in Afghanistan and his service as a police officer, he con-tinued to serve as a member of the Na-tional Guard. 
It was a sad night on September 3 
when Officer Pierson was shot and killed in the line of duty while pur-suing a suspect after a traffic stop. He leaves behind a family and a commu-nity and country that he served. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
to remember Officer Pierson and honor his years of dedicated public service and his ultimate sacrifice in order to protect his community. I urge the pas-sage of H.R. 1884. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great Amer-
ican. He was serving his country. He served his community. As Congress-woman S
LAUGHTER brought up, this 
was a well-supported person within the community. 
My heart goes out to his wife, Amy, 
and their two children, Christian and Charity. They are very young children, but I hope that they remember their father served this country nobly in the United States Army in Afghanistan and in the Army National Guard, put-ting his life on the line so that other young families could be safe and pro-tected. 
I hope that his legacy continues on 
and that, truly, this post office naming will serve as a reminder to all those in the community and our country that these great people step up, serve their country, serve their community, and they are loved by families and they do tough, difficult things that, quite frankly, a lot of other Americans wouldn’t do. We honor him this day. We encourage the passage of Congress-woman S
LAUGHTER ’s bill, H.R. 1884. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1430 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1884. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
JAMES ROBERT KALSU POST 
OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3059) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.039 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6206 September 24, 2015 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3059 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JAMES ROBERT KALSU POST OFFICE 
BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I ask unanimous 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support today of H.R. 3059. 
Congressman S
TEVE RUSSELL , who has 
served this country in a very noble way, has brought this to our attention, introduced this bill, and shepherded it through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We would be hon-ored, I think, all of us, to name this post office after such a great American. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) to tell us 
more about this amazing person. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, this 
measure is to memorialize the service of Bob Kalsu by designating the post office in Del City, Oklahoma, to carry his name. 
Bob was born as James Robert Kalsu 
and attended Del City High School in Del City, Oklahoma, my alma mater and my hometown. 
At 6 ′3″ and 235 pounds, he was an All- 
American offensive tackle in 1967, play-ing for the University of Oklahoma as they won the Big Eight Conference Title. 
The Buffalo Bills of New York se-
lected him in the eighth round of the 1968 college draft, but he quickly proved himself by earning the team’s Rookie of the Year award in his first American football league season as guard. It would also be his final season of professional football. 
Bob had made an ROTC commitment, 
earning a commission in the field artil-lery in college. In late 1969, he was called to duty in the Republic of Viet-nam. 
He was told that, as a pro football 
player, arrangements could be made where he wouldn’t have to serve, but 
Bob would have none of it. 
He said: I gave my word to my coun-
try. Just because I play professional football doesn’t make me any better of a man or any different of a man then the men already serving our country. I’m going to live up to that commit-ment and the word I gave. 
Bob deployed to the 101st Airborne 
Division, leaving behind his beloved wife, Jan, who was pregnant, and a 10- month-old daughter named Jill. 
On July 21, 1970, only 8 months into 
his tour of duty, First Lieutenant Bob Kalsu was killed in action at Fire Sup-port Base Ripcord on an isolated jungle mountaintop near the Ashau Valley, Thua Thien, South Vietnam. He was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart. 
Bob was survived by his wife, Jan, his 
daughter, Jill, and son, James Robert Kalsu, Jr., born 2 days after he was killed in action. 
Bob Kalsu was the only active profes-
sional football player killed in the Vietnam War. 
He has been further memorialized as 
the namesake of FOB or Camp Kalsu in Iraq, a base where thousands of Ameri-cans served from 2003 to 2011. 
As long as we have breath we will re-
member him. This act allows others who live after us to do so as well. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
honoring the service of this fallen American hero. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 3059, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. 
We have heard about this amazing in-
dividual who was blessed with such amazing athletic skills, who was se-lected to play football at the Univer-sity of Oklahoma and received All- American honors in 1967, leading his team to a 10–1 record and an Orange Bowl win. 
The following year, after being draft-
ed into the NFL, the Buffalo Bills, and starting in 9 of his 14 appearances, he was again recognized as Rookie of the Year. 
It was more than his efforts on the 
football field that made Robert or Bob Kalsu a standout. He always put others first and chose to lead by example. He joined the ROTC at the University of Oklahoma and took to heart the pledge he made to serve his country in the Army. 
While many athletes elected to serve 
in the Reserves, he insisted that he was no better than anyone else and choose to serve on Active Duty. 
We know that, after 8 months of 
being stationed in Lawton, Oklahoma, Lieutenant Bob Kalsu received orders to go to Vietnam, and less than 1 year later, in 1970, he was killed by enemy fire. It is significant to note he is the only 
active NFL player to give his life in Vietnam and one of only a handful of professional athletes to serve in Active Duty, Lieutenant Kalsu is survived by a family and, amazingly, a son, who was born just 2 days after his tragic death. 
Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill 
to honor this individual, Lieutenant Bob Kalsu, and recognize the last full measure of devotion he made on behalf of our great country. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 3059. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say, as 
this is our last post office naming that we have on the floor tonight, that so many of us go to postal facilities across the country. 
I was a postal employee for 30 years, 
and I know the service that is given in a Postal Service. 
But the ability to name a building in 
a community where so many of us go, I would like Americans to pause and recognize the names that are given to these facilities. 
Do take the time to learn about 
these individuals. This is done so that their service will never be forgotten and that, as we go about our day, it is one of the things that we can do to give tribute to make sure that their service is not forgotten and to give some com-fort to the families who lost someone in service to our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank 
Congressman S
TEVE RUSSELL for high-
lighting this person and his life be-cause he truly was an All-American in every sense of the word. 
He serves as an inspiration to a lot of 
people, and I do hope that his loved ones will remember him fondly for the great sacrifice that he gave and com-mitment that he gave to his country, as did millions of other Americans. It is appropriate that we recognize them. 
And, as was said, I do hope that, as 
Americans, when we go into these post offices, we recognize people like Mr. Kalsu, who put everything on the line to serve and sacrifice for their country to give us the freedoms that we have here today, that we don’t take them for granted, that there are men and women who serve who step up and an-swer the call of their county. And cer-tainly Mr. Kalsu did that. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3059. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.042 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6207 September 24, 2015 
SGT. ZACHARY M. FISHER POST 
OFFICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 322) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 405, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 507] 
YEAS—405 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—29 
Amodei 
Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (UT) Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Cartwright Davis, Danny Grijalva 
Heck (NV) Hudson Jolly Jones Long Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Price, Tom Scott, David Shuster Simpson Stewart Tsongas Williams 
b1511 
Mr. RANGEL changed his vote from 
‘‘present’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. RESPONSIBLY AND PROFES-
SIONALLY INVIGORATING DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 348. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 420 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 348. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) to pre-
side over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1514 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and 
adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of 
Tennessee in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
b1515 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
America’s voters sent the 114th Con-
gress to Washington to help turn around this Nation’s struggling econ-omy. 
For more than 6
1⁄2long years, Amer-
ica’s families and workers have been waiting for the Obama administration to join with Congress to pass measures that will adequately restore jobs and growth to our land. The job clearly has not been finished. 
Throughout the Obama administra-
tion, America’s growth rate has been historically anemic. The truest meas-ure of unemployment—the rate that in-cludes both discouraged workers and those who cannot find a full-time job— remains over 10 percent. Our labor force participation rate remains mired among historic lows. 
Median real household income, mean-
while, is 5 percent lower than in June 2009, when the recession officially ended. Median incomes are supposed to rise during economic recoveries, not fall. The Obama administration has managed to buck the historical trend. 
However, the President at least pays 
lip service to the need to unleash con-struction projects. If one thinks back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.044 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6208 September 24, 2015 
to the start of the Obama administra-
tion, one can remember President Obama’s plan to solve the Great Reces-sion with the nearly $1 trillion stim-ulus bill. 
The stimulus was supposed to work, 
according to the President, because America had shovel-ready projects from which new, good-paying jobs would be created once the stimulus was enacted and the money was doled out. 
While many, including myself, dis-
agreed with the fundamental premise 
of the stimulus bill, the President blamed his stimulus bill’s failure on the lack of shovel-ready projects. As he put it, ‘‘Shovel-ready was not as shov-el-ready as we expected.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, that is the problem 
that today’s legislation—the RAPID Act—is intended to solve. 
This legislation fulfills post-stimulus 
bill calls of leaders in Congress, the White House, the President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, and the private sector to streamline the review of Federal construction permit applica-tions. It contains well-thought-out, balanced reforms that provide for more efficient and effective decision-making. 
Stated succinctly, the RAPID Act 
gives lead Federal agencies more re-sponsibility to conduct and conclude efficient interagency reviews of permit requests, demands that any entity challenging a final permitting decision in court first have presented the sub-stance of its claims during the agency review process, and requires that law-suits challenging permitting decisions be filed within 6 months of the deci-sions, not 6 years, as the law currently allows. 
These are simple, but powerful, re-
forms that will allow good projects to move forward more quickly, delivering high-quality jobs and improvements to Americans’ daily lives. 
Prior iterations of the RAPID Act 
passed the House three times during the 112th and 113th Congresses, each time with bipartisan support. 
Once enacted, this legislation will 
help to create millions of high-paying jobs and make government decision- making more efficient and effective. 
Importantly, it will also continue to 
ensure that the impacts of new projects on the environment can be considered responsibly before permitting decisions are made. 
I thank Regulatory Reform, Commer-
cial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee Chairman M
ARINO of Pennsylvania for 
introducing this legislation. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote for 
the RAPID Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My colleagues, I rise in rather strong 
opposition to the measure before us, H.R. 348, the Responsibly and Profes-sionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015, or its nickname, the RAPID Act. 
H.R. 348 has a number of flaws. I 
won’t try to go into each and every one of them. Most critically, this measure 
would jeopardize public safety and health by prioritizing project approval over meaningful analysis that is cur-rently required under the National En-vironmental Policy Act. 
By giving the proponents of construc-
tion projects greater control over the environmental approval process, this bill is the equivalent of giving Wall Street the authority to write its own regulations for financial responsibility. The bill accomplishes this result in several respects. 
To begin with, under the guise of 
streamlining the approval process, H.R. 348 forecloses potentially critical input from Federal, State, and local agen-cies, as well as from members of the public, to comment on environ-mentally sensitive construction projects that are federally funded or that require Federal approval. 
The bill also imposes hard and fast 
deadlines that may be unrealistic under certain circumstances. More-over, if an agency fails to meet these unrealistic deadlines, the bill simply declares that a project must be deemed approved regardless of whether the agency has thoroughly assessed the task. This is an embarrassment, my friends. 
As a result, H.R. 348 could allow 
projects that put public health and safety at risk to be approved before the safety review is completed. 
This failing of the bill, along with 
some others, explains why the adminis-tration and the President’s Council on Environmental Quality, along with more than 40 respected environmental groups, vigorously oppose this legisla-tion before us today. 
These organizations include Public 
Citizen, the League of Conservation Voters, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club, and The Wil-derness Society. Likewise, the admin-istration has appropriately issued a veto threat. 
Stating that the bill will increase 
litigation, regulatory delays, and po-tentially force agencies to approve a project if the review and analysis can-not be completed before the proposed arbitrary deadlines, the administration warns that, if H.R. 348 ever became law, it would lead to more confusion and delay, limit public participation in the permitting process, and, ulti-mately, hamper economic growth. 
Another concern, among many, that 
I have with this measure is that it is a flawed solution in search of an imagi-nary problem, and that is not just my opinion. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Re-
search Service, for instance, states that highway construction project delays based on environmental require-ments stem not from the National En-vironmental Policy Act, but from laws other than the National Environmental Policy Act. 
In fact, the Congressional Research 
Service found that the primary source of approval delays for these projects are more often tied to local or State 
and project-specific factors, primarily local or State agency priorities, project funding levels, local opposition to a project, project complexity, or late changes in project scope. 
Undoubtedly, the so-called RAPID 
Act will make the process less clear and less protective of public health and safety. 
My final major concern with this bill 
is that, rather than streamlining the environmental review process, which we need to do, it will sow utter confu-sion. 
H.R. 348 does this by creating a sepa-
rate, but only partly parallel, environ-mental review process for construction projects, which will cause confusion, delay, and litigation. 
As I have noted, the changes to the 
National Environmental Policy Act’s review process, as contemplated by the measure before us today, apply only to certain construction projects. 
The National Environmental Policy 
Act, on the other hand, applies to a broad panoply of Federal actions, in-cluding fishing, hunting, and grazing permits, land management plans, Base Realignment and Closure activities, and treaties. 
As a result of the bill, there could po-
tentially be two different environ-mental review processes for the same project. 
For instance, the bill’s requirements 
would apply to the construction of a nuclear reactor, but not to its decom-missioning or to the transportation and storage of its spent fuel. 
Rather than improving the environ-
mental review process, the measure be-fore us will complicate it and generate more litigation. More importantly, this bill is yet another effort by my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle to undermine regulatory protections. 
As with all of the other regulatory 
bills, this measure is a thinly disguised effort to hobble the ability of Federal agencies to do the work the Congress requires that it does. 
For those reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to strenuously oppose this seri-ously flawed bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), the chief 
sponsor of this legislation and the chairman of the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Sub-committee of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, once again, my good 
friends on the other side think we need more government, more EPA over-reach, more regulation, to continue the $19 trillion of debt that we have and to continue the flawed job opportunities of this administration’s over the past 6 years. 
Once again, today we consider the 
RAPID Act. As the gentleman from Virginia stated, during the 112th and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.047 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6209 September 24, 2015 
113th Congresses, the House passed this 
bill on three separate occasions in a bi-partisan fashion. 
Once again, we are considering a 
number of important regulatory re-forms that present the potential for immediately impactful economic growth across our Nation. 
Our Federal permitting process is un-
deniably broken. Duplicative environ-mental reviews have clogged decision- making for years. 
Although recent studies have shown 
that, on average, an environmental im-pact study will take 3 to 4 years, the permitting process for many projects takes years more or, sadly, even dec-ades. 
Even more disappointing are indica-
tions that average environmental re-view times are increasing by over a month per year. 
Furthermore, final decision-making 
has been driven by political whims rather than by the merits of any par-ticular project that would be borne through economic growth and job cre-ation. 
Political pressure should never im-
pede projects of worth that would get Americans back to work. One recent study found that 7 years of delay on the Keystone pipeline have kept us from realizing nearly $175 billion in po-tential economic activity. At a time when true economic recovery lags and more Americans become disheartened and leave the workforce, such delays are unacceptable. 
The RAPID Act reforms remove gov-
ernment obstructions from the equa-tion by implementing hard deadlines for environmental review, and they shorten the window for judicial review. It doesn’t take review away. It short-ens it to a reasonable period of time. 
We cannot delay while our infra-
structure—from highways and bridges to transmission lines and waterways— crumbles around us in America’s coun-ties, towns, and cities. 
I look forward to working with our 
colleagues in the Senate to bring this bill to the President’s desk, and I hope that we can get this country working again. 
Federal agencies and departments 
and employees have to be held account-able just like we are in private indus-try. They cannot sit back and let these permits and these issues stack up on their desks while they play games on their computers. 
I have hope that we can get this bill 
through and the country working again. Please support the RAPID Act. 
b1530 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 8 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the ranking sub-
committee member. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 348, the Responsibly and Professionally In-vigorating Development Act, or the RAPID Act. But if I had my druthers, I would change it to the ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Diver-
sion Act,’’ or RAPID Act. 
I would say that it is a diversion be-
cause we have got important work to do in this Chamber, Mr. Chair. Every-body knows that we are approaching the end of the fiscal year. It will be here in 6 short days. 
During this whole month of Sep-
tember—we are at September 24 today—we have had a total of 8 legisla-tive days during this month, knowing that we are coming up to the end of the fiscal year and we need to pass a spend-ing bill to keep the government open and operating. We have been knowing this. 
We spent 6 weeks in August, from 
July to September, a total of about 6 weeks at home lounging while the Na-tion’s business in Washington, D.C., went undone. We have spent a total of 8 legislative days out of the 24 days in September doing everything other than addressing the looming issue, which is the coming, or impending, government shutdown. 
Now, we are here today. We just took 
one vote. This is the first legislative day of this week. We have got one busi-ness day left. The first legislative day, after hearing from the Pope, we have just had our last vote for the day. It was our one and only vote for the day, and it was to rename a post office. 
We are coming up on the government 
shutdown, and what are we dealing with? Instead of dealing with the Na-tion’s finances, we are dealing with this RAPID Act, which, as I said, is a diversion from the real duty that we need to be taking care of today. 
H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, is a mis-
guided attempt to sow widespread con-fusion and delay in the review and per-mitting process under the National En-vironmental Policy Act, or NEPA. 
For over 40 years, the approval proc-
ess for projects under NEPA has saved time, money, and protected the envi-ronment, which the Pope spoke of our need to protect today. In fact, since NEPA was enacted, the U.S. economy has not contracted. It has actually tri-pled in size from just over $5 trillion to more than $16 trillion. 
Among other things, NEPA requires 
agencies to prepare a detailed environ-mental review for proposals relating to ‘‘major Federal actions significantly affecting the quality of the human en-vironment.’’ NEPA’s purpose is to pro-vide a framework for wide-ranging input from all affected interests when a Federal agency conducts an environ-mental review of a proposed project. 
H.R. 348, the so-called RAPID Act, 
upends this review process in three ways: 
First, H.R. 348 carves out a separate 
environmental review process for con-struction projects. Currently, NEPA applies to a broad range of Federal projects, including hunting permits, land management plans, military base realignment and closure activities, and treaties. In contrast, H.R. 348 only ap-plies to a subset of these Federal projects, creating more regulatory 
complexity in the permitting system, not less. 
Second, section (c) of the RAPID Act 
allows any project sponsor to prepare an environmental document in lieu of such analysis by the lead agency. It is not difficult to imagine the short-comings of allowing corporations, which seek to maximize shareholder value, to sit in the driver’s seat on en-vironmental policy. In fact, that is why we have such environmental degrada-tion today. 
During a legislative hearing on H.R. 
348, Amit Narang, a regulatory policy advocate for Public Citizen, compared section (c) to ‘‘asking big banks to de-termine the costs and benefits of new Wall Street reform rules, or big energy companies to determine the costs and benefits of new climate change or air pollution measures.’’ 
The inherent conflict of interest 
built into this section reveals the bill’s clear design to allow project sponsors to manipulate the NEPA permit ap-proval process to the greatest extent possible. It is clear that not only does this Republican bill task the fox with guarding the henhouse, it would also have him install the chicken wire as well. 
Finally, under section (i) of H.R. 348, 
if an agency fails to meet the unreal-istic deadlines mandated by H.R. 348, the bill would automatically green- light a Federal construction project, regardless of whether or not the agency has thoroughly reviewed the project’s risks. 
Even if I were to set aside these con-
cerns, it is difficult for me to look past the complete lack of empirical data supporting the premise of the RAPID Act, which is that agency compliance with NEPA is the cause of delays in ap-proving permits. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Re-
search Service reported in 2012 that project approval delays based on envi-ronmental requirements are not caused by NEPA, but ‘‘are more often tied to local/State and project-specific factors, primarily local/State agency priorities, project funding levels, local opposition to a project, project complexity, or late changes in project scope.’’ 
Similarly, Dinah Bear, who served as 
the general counsel for the White House Council on Environmental Qual-ity which oversees NEPA’s implemen-tation, for over 20 years under both Re-publican and Democratic administra-tions, testified in the 112th Congress that most delays in the environmental 
review process are not the result of NEPA, but due to other factors en-tirely unrelated to NEPA. 
In other words, the RAPID Act does 
nothing to address the lack of adequate funds allocated to Federal construction projects or State-based barriers to the timely completion of construction projects, which are two of the most common delays and have nothing to do with regulatory permits under NEPA. 
So, therefore, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this misguided legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.048 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6210 September 24, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank 
Chairman G OODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , and 
Mr. S MITH for working on this impor-
tant bill and bringing it to the House floor. 
Speeding up the regulatory process in 
the United States is an important issue in keeping America competitive. The methodical, slow, snail-paced decision or lack of decision process of the EPA to make a decision on whether or not to approve a project is absurd. 
The RAPID Act addresses the prob-
lem of extensive requirements and growing delays in Federal permitting and approvals for construction projects stemming from multiple agencies, ex-cessive requirements, and unnecessary lawsuits. 
According to an April 2014 report 
issued by the GAO, the average prepa-ration time for the required environ-mental impact statement finalized in 2012 was over 4
1⁄2years. Now, the envi-
ronmental impact statement is just the first requirement in getting a permit. 
Four-and-a-half years—World War II 
took less time than it takes the EPA to make a decision on whether or not to approve a project. They just con-tinue to study and study and study. Mr. Chair, it is about time for the EPA to pick a horse and ride it, make a de-cision about these projects. 
I am not going to talk in theory. I 
am going to talk about an actual project down in my congressional dis-
trict. 
The Sabine-Neches Waterway, most 
Americans have never heard of it. The Sabine-Neches waterway is what some of us call ‘‘the other Texas inter-national border.’’ It is the waterway between Louisiana and Texas. We have been wanting, since 1997, to deepen that 40-foot waterway to 48 feet. That is just 8 feet. We just want to make it a little deeper so ships can come in and off-load their cargo and off-load their fuel. 
What they are doing now, they can’t 
come in with a full load of fuel on those tankers. They have to off-load it, sometimes 20 percent, in the Gulf of Mexico and then bring in the rest. That costs money. We just want 8 feet. 
So in 1997, my predecessors asked the 
EPA for an environmental impact statement and finally got that impact statement. It took 20 years to get an impact statement. I have had 11 grandkids since I have been in Con-gress, and that impact statement has been pending all that time. 
We just want 8 feet. Is it okay? The 
EPA finally made a decision, but yet we still haven’t started moving dirt. 
The original project was about $600 
million. Now, it is about $1.3 billion, and we still don’t have that extra 8 feet. Why? Because the bureaucrats can’t make a decision. Delay, delay, delay. 
That is the name of the EPA: Delay, 
Delay, Delay. All this bill does, it says to this bureaucracy, study the informa-
tion, reach a conclusion, and approve the project if it ought to be approved so America can be competitive world-wide. But, no, the other side says: Well, we need more studies; we need more in-formation. 
Mr. Chair, if Teddy Roosevelt would 
have had to deal with the EPA in build-ing the Panama Canal, it would have never been built because of all the reg-ulatory requirements—some unneces-sary, in my opinion. 
So let’s approve the RAPID Act. 
Let’s get America working again. The Sabine-Neches Waterway has numerous refineries on it. It is the energy hub of the United States. We just want 8 feet, Mr. Chair. That is all we want. Pick a horse and ride it. The EPA needs to get their act together. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Chair, I rise to oppose H.R. 348, also known as the RAPID Act. This bill will rapidly cause environmental degrada-tion. 
Under this bill, if it became law, you 
could have projects that harm the envi-ronment that are deemed approved, even if the review process was not yet completed. That is crazy. Keep in mind, we have had over 60 straight months of job creation under the Obama administration. Those are the facts. 
This bill is written in such a way 
that it will cause confusion. It will cause increased delays and limit public involvement in this important process. It is also unscientific. 
There is a provision in this bill that 
says we cannot count the social cost of carbon. Now, I believe in a free market, and I believe that that has made Amer-ica strong, but we can’t have govern-ment artificially come in and say we are going to say things are costs and things are not costs when it is not sci-entifically based. 
We know that carbon has done a lot 
to increase climate change and caused global warming. That is why I, along with Representatives P
ETERS , POLIS, 
and L OWENTHAL , have introduced an 
amendment to put that language back in. We can’t just say stop talking and ignore carbon. 
Keep in mind, just a few hours ago, 
Pope Francis came in to a joint session of Congress and told us to really revert and look at what we have done in terms of causing environmental deg-radation. 
b1545 
Now, just a few hours later, we are 
back to attacking the environment. This is not right. 
I urge that we not support the 
RAPID Act. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to myself to say to the gentleman from California that we may have 60 straight months of in-creased job creation, but the average 
American worker is making 5 percent less than they were before those 60 months began. The reason is that we are overregulating our economy. 
If we are really going to create jobs, 
we have got to have the infrastructure to do it. We have got to have the projects like were just described by Congressman P
OEof Texas. 
Just 8 more feet of depth would bring 
a lot more jobs to east Texas and to Louisiana by being able to bring that product further up inland. 
These kind of projects require careful 
environmental assessment, but it doesn’t require assessment that takes 20 years to take place. It should take place in a much more limited period of time. 
This bill helps to encourage focusing 
the mind on what needs to get done. That includes taking careful consider-ation of the environment, but it doesn’t include delay, delay, delay. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ), a member of the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources, both of which understand the impor-tance of these projects. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, before I 
had the privilege of being elected to the 114th Congress, I spent more than four decades in the construction indus-try. 
After growing up as a fifth-genera-
tion son of a farmer and rancher, I set out to learn the trades and acquire the skills that would one day allow me to support myself and my family. 
Over the course of those four decades 
in construction, I learned what it takes to start and run a successful business and how to create quality, good-paying jobs. 
I also learned the satisfaction of see-
ing the fruits of our labor in the roads, bridges, and dams we built and how they define the communities we serve. 
Mr. Chairman, small construction 
businesses like the one I used to own are struggling all across America from Federal bureaucracy that is rife with delays, duplication, and uncertainty. 
I can speak from firsthand experience 
about construction projects that have ground to a halt as resources are redi-rected to navigate the onerous NEPA process. 
On projects like the ones I used to 
manage, NEPA delays meant idled equipment, mass layoffs, and millions of dollars going towards compliance. These are sunk costs on the macro level and will continue to hold our economy back. 
We need to get smart about environ-
ment protection and to ensure that we do it in ways that allow businesses to thrive. H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, will go a long way toward achieving that goal. 
Mr. Chairman, at a time when our 
Nation’s infrastructure is crumbling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.049 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6211 September 24, 2015 
and far too many are in search of qual-
ity employment, we have the responsi-bility to give manufacturers, construc-tion workers, and other engines of eco-nomic growth the certainty they des-perately need to create high-paying jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the RAPID Act. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
an additional 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), a 
distinguished member of our com-mittee. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, my friend, Chairman G
OODLATTE , 
bemoaned the fact that, over the last 64 straight months of job growth under the Obama administration, wages have remained stagnant. 
That is true except for the wages of 
the top 10 percent, and specifically the top 1 percent, which have gone through the roof despite what he calls overregu-lation. 
We continue to have the problem of 
income disparity that Pope Francis mentioned today. It is unrelated to this issue of regulations which are there to protect people. They, in fact, protect people and they protect our en-vironment. 
We have had a speaker today come in 
and talk about a dredging project that was delayed because of NEPA, but, ac-tually, the truth of the matter is that that project was delayed due to lack of funding. Funding for the project was only authorized last year. 
While the Republicans in Congress sit 
around and talk about how much the regulatory agencies study and study and study, what we do in Congress is simply ignore the funding needs for in-frastructure in this country, which is what that dredging project was all about. 
I have got a project down in Georgia, 
the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, which was estimated to cost $652 million to complete. 
But prior to the passage of the Water 
Resources Reform and Development Act last year, the Federal Government had only provided $1.28 million—$1.28 million—less than 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, let’s take it back to the year 2011 with the Ryan Budget Control Act, which imposed sequestration on the Federal Government, cutting both de-fense and nondefense spending 10 per-cent across the board. 
We can’t have it both ways. If we are 
not going to fund, we have to admit that that is the reason these projects are not getting done. Don’t blame it on NEPA. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. Members of the committee, do not be 
misled by the title of this bill. Rather than effectuating real reforms to the process by which Federal agencies un-dertake environmental impact reviews, as required by the National Environ-mental Policy Act, this measure before us will actually result in making the process less responsible, less profes-sional, and less accountable. 
These kinds of attempts are not new 
to this session of Congress. Accord-ingly, I urge that my colleagues care-fully consider the discussion on this measure and oppose H.R. 348. 
ORGANIZATIONS THAT OPPOSE H .R. 348, THE 
RAPID ACT  
Alaska Wilderness League, American Riv-
ers, Center for Biological Diversity, Citizens for Global Solutions, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Air Council, Clean Water Action, Con-servation Colorado, Conservatives for Re-sponsible Stewardship, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, EDF Action, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Epic—Environ-mental Protection Information Center, En-ergy Action Coalition, Friends of the Earth, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy, Green Latinos, Kentucky Heartwood. 
Klamath Forest Alliance, Klamath 
Siskiyou Wildlands Center, KyotoUSA, League of Conservation Voters, Los Padres ForestWatch, Marine Conservation Institute, Montana Environmental Information Center, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, New En-ergy Economy, New Jersey Sierra Club, Oceana, Ocean Conservation Research, Pub-lic Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Safe Cli-mate Campaign, Sierra Club, Southern Envi-ronmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Cli-mate Action Now, SustainUS. 
Union of Concerned Scientists, Western 
Environmental Law Center, The Wilderness Society. 
SEPTEMBER 17, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our 
millions of members and activists, we are writing to urge you to oppose H.R. 348 the misleadingly named ‘‘Responsibly and Pro-fessionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Instead of improving the permitting process, the bill will severely undermine the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and, consequently, the quality and integrity of federal agency decisions. 
The National Environmental Policy Act 
plays a critical role in ensuring that projects are carried out in a transparent, collabo-rative, and responsible manner. NEPA sim-ply requires federal agencies to assess the environmental, economic, and public health impacts of proposals, solicit the input of all affected stakeholders, and disclose their findings publicly before undertaking projects that may significantly affect the environ-ment. Critically, NEPA recognizes that the public—which includes industry, citizens, local and state governments, and business owners—can make important contributions by providing unique expertise. NEPA also gives a voice to the most impacted and underrepresented, especially to the most vul-nerable communities who usually have to bear the most burden of where federal projects are proposed in the first place. How-ever, H.R. 348 strikes at these core purposes of NEPA by systematically prioritizing speed of decisions and project approval over the public interest. 
Studies on the causes of delay in the per-
mitting process reveal that the primary cause of delay is not the NEPA process. Rather, as multiple studies by the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Congres-
sional Research Service have pointed out, the principal causes of delay in permitting rest outside the NEPA process entirely and are attributable to other factors such as lack 
of funding, project complexity, and local op-position to the project. The RAPID Act ig-nores the true causes of delay, and instead, focuses on institutionalizing dangerous ‘‘re-forms’’ that restrict public input, limit re-view of the environmental and economic im-pacts of projects, and that create more, not less, bureaucracy. Provisions in the RAPID Act, such as the following, will create more delays in permitting, result in less flexibility in the process, and tilt the entire permitting process towards shareholder interest, not the public interest. For example, the bill: 
Places Arbitrary Limitations on Environ-
mental Reviews—Section 560(i) of the bill threatens to undermine NEPA’s goal of in-formed decision-making and the agency’s role of acting in the public interest. It sets arbitrary deadlines on environmental re-views of permits, licenses, or other applica-tions—regardless of the possible economic, health, or environmental impacts. Con-sequently, it puts communities at risk by promoting rushed and faulty decisions. 
Limits Consideration of Alternatives—Sec-
tion 560(g) strikes at what CEQ regulations describe as ‘‘the heart of the NEPA process’’ by restricting the range of reasonable alter-natives to be considered by an agency. 
Creates Serious Conflicts of Interests— 
Section 560(c) blurs the distinct roles of pri-vate entities and agencies in agency deci-sions by allowing private project sponsors with stakes in the decision to prepare envi-ronmental review documents which creates inherent conflicts of interest and thus jeop-ardizes the integrity of the decision-making process. 
Leading to Unanticipated Delays—The bill 
forces stakeholders into court preemptively simply to preserve their right to judicial re-view. The bill also limits the public’s judi-cial access to challenge and address faulty environmental reviews which in turn is like-ly to increase the controversy and the amount of litigation derived from the per-mitting process which in turn could add to project delays. 
Denies the Impacts of Climate Change— 
Section 560(k) of the bill prohibits any con-siderations of the Social Cost of Carbon (SCC), which the EPA and other federal agencies use to estimate the economic dam-ages associated with specific projects and their related carbon dioxide emissions. The tool is critical for the public to understand the true benefits and costs of a project. Ig-noring climate change puts critical infra-structure, tax payer dollars, and local com-munities at risk. 
Provisions such as these and many more in 
the RAPID Act will only serve to increase delay and confusion around the environ-mental review process. We believe compro-mising the quality of environmental review and limiting the role of the public is the wrong approach. 
Far from being broken, the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act has proven its worth as an invaluable tool. It ensures that the public, developers, and agencies have a reli-able template for consistent and fair pro-posal assessment for major projects that may impact federal resources. The RAPID Act contradicts and jeopardizes decades of experience gained from enacting this critical environmental law. Further, it tips the bal-ance away from informed decisions and pub-lic oversight, jeopardizing the public’s abil-ity to participate in how public resources will be managed. Please oppose this unneces-sary and overreaching piece of legislation and vote ‘‘no’’ on the RAPID Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.051 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6212 September 24, 2015 
Although no amendment would remedy the 
problems with the underlying bill, we make the following vote recommendations on amendments offered to the RAPID Act. 
Vote no on Goodlatte (R–VA) #1—This 
amendment would prompt ill-informed deci-sions by limiting the role of cooperating agencies in the environmental review proc-ess. It would also severely limit the public’s ability to use the courts their rights by re-quiring eventual plaintiffs to participate in drastically shortened comment periods and administrative proceedings that, in many cases, agencies do not provide. 
Vote yes on Peters (D–CA) #2—This amend-
ment ensures that the true impacts of cli-mate change are considered by allowing agencies to consider the social costs of car-bon when conducting environmental reviews. Agencies should be free to incorporate the social cost of carbon into the agency deci-sion making process, which will result in better informed and responsible decisions that safely invest taxpayer dollars by taking into account climate change, the funda-mental environmental issue of our time. 
Vote yes on Jackson Lee (D–TX) #3—This 
amendment will undo one of the more per-nicious provisions in the H.R. 348 which, in cases where an agency fails to meet arbi-trary deadlines prescribed by the bill, projects are simply deemed approved regard-less of their economic, health, or environ-mental impacts. The bill, without this amendment, puts communities at risk by green-lighting projects without fully consid-ering environmental impacts or the opinions of those who will be impacted the most. 
Vote yes on Jackson Lee (D–TX) #4—This 
amendment maintains national security by undoing hasty shortcuts in the permitting process and rightly ensuring a full review for projects that could be potential targets for terrorist attacks. This amendment wisely ensures that shortcutting critical federal re-view of projects does not apply those projects that most need informed decisions because of the tremendous impacts they may have on our national security. 
Vote yes on Johnson (D–GA) #5—This 
amendment rightly ensures that nothing in the bill will limit input of affected stake-holders, local governments, private property owners, or business owners. 
Vote yes on Dingell (D–MI) #6—This 
amendment would prevent project approvals under the arbitrary timelines set forth in the bill if the project under consideration would limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing or would impact threatened or en-dangered species. According to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, wildlife related recre-ation contributes more than $140 billion dol-lars to the U.S. economy and supports thou-sands of jobs connected to fishing, hunting, and the observance of wildlife. 
Vote yes on Gallego (D–AZ) #8—This 
amendment preserves meaningful input by local governments and tribal officials on projects affecting their communities by al-lowing them to request extensions of the ar-bitrary deadlines in the bill. 
Vote yes on Grijalva (D–AZ) #9—The 
shortcutting of meaningful public input and review of a project’s impacts under the RAPID Act could potentially lead to dis-proportionate impacts on low-income com-munities and communities of color. This amendment ensures such impacts are care-fully addressed during the review of project alternatives. 
Vote yes on Lowenthal (D–CA) #10—The 
truncated review procedures under the RAPID Act would potentially apply to con-struction projects of enormous size, scope, and complexity. Climate change poses severe threats to the health, safety, and economies of local communities through the increased risks of floods, fire and severe weather. This 
amendment ensures federal agencies con-sider these impacts and construct projects that are resilient to the impacts of climate change. 
Vote no on Gosar (R–AZ) #11—This amend-
ment would broaden one of the most dam-aging provisions of the bill which prevents Federal agencies from considering the true costs of climate change, putting commu-nities and tax-payer dollars at risk. 
Whatever the outcome of these amend-
ments, we urge a no vote on final passage. 
Sincerely, 
Leah Donahey, Senior Campaign Direc-
tor, Alaska Wilderness League; Jim Bradley, Vice President, Policy and Government Relations, American Riv-ers; Bill Snape, Senior Counsel, Center for Biological Diversity; Tony Fleming, Campaigns Director, Citizens for Glob-al Solutions; Joseph Otis Minott, Exec-utive Director & Chief Counsel, Clean Air Council; Conrad Schneider, Advo-cacy Director, Clean Air Task Force; Lynn Thorp, National Campaigns Di-rector, Clean Water Action; Luke Schafer, West Slope Advocacy Direc-tor, Conservation Colorado; David Jen-kins, President, Conservatives for Re-sponsible Stewardship; Raul Garcia, Associate Legislative Counsel, Earthjustice; Elizabeth B. Thompson, President, EDF Action; Lydia Avila, Executive Director, Energy Action Co-alition; Karen E. Torrent, Esq., Federal Legislative Director, Environmental Law and Policy Center; Natalynne 
DeLapp, Executive Director, Epic-En-vironmental Protection Information Center; Marissa Knodel, Climate Cam-paigner, Friends of the Earth; Mark Magana, President, Green Latinos; Colette Pichon Battle, Esq., Executive Director, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy; Jim Scheff, Director, Kentucky Heartwood; Kimberly Baker, Executive Director, Klamath Forest Alliance; Mary Beth Beetham, Director of Legis-lative Affairs, Defenders of Wildlife; George Sexton, Conservation Director, Klamath Siskiyou Wildlands Center; Tom Kelly, Executive Director, KyotoUSA; Zach Drennen, Government Affairs Associate, League of Conserva-tion Voters; Jeff Kuyper, Executive Di-rector, Los Padres ForestWatch; Mi-chael Gravitz, Director of Policy and Legislation, Marine Conservation Insti-tute; Anne Hedges, Deputy Director, Montana Environmental Information Center; Craig D. Obey, Senior Vice President, Government Affairs, Na-tional Parks Conservation Association; Sharon Buccino, Director, Lands & Wildlife Program, Natural Resources Defense Council; Mariel Nanasi, Execu-tive Director, New Energy Economy; Jeff Tittel, Director, New Jersey Sierra Club; Jacqueline Savitz, Vice Presi-dent, U.S. Oceans, Oceana; Michael Stocker, Director, Ocean Conservation Research; David J. Arkush, Managing Director, Climate Program, Public Cit-izen; Rober K. Musil, Ph.D., M.P.H., President, Rachel Carson Council, Inc.; Daniel Becker, Director, Safe Climate Campaign; Liz Martin Perera, Climate Policy Director, Sierra Club; Navis A. Bermudez, Deputy Legislative Direc-tor, Southern Environmental Law Cen-ter; Alan Journet, Co-Facilitator, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now; Adam Hasz, Chair, SustainUS; Andrew Rosenberg, Director, Center for Science and Democracy, Union of Concerned Scientists; Katy Siddall, Director of Government Relations, Energy, The Wilderness Society; Erik Schlenker- 
Goodrich, Executive Director, Western Environmental Law Center. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, first, to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, let me just say that the Water Resources Development Act, which passed this House, has in it the same streamlining provisions of the permitting processes for the projects that it would fund that are based on the ideas in this bill. 
Why? Because we know that, just be-
cause we come up with the funds for something, those funds can be churned and churned and churned year after year after year in the permitting proc-ess and never ever get to a permit so the underlying construction can take place in Texas or Savannah, Georgia, or Virginia, or all of the other places where infrastructure projects are need-ed. 
Part of the enormous cost of it is the 
enormous process that we go through and the length of that process and the review and review and review that never gets to a decision. 
During the debate over this bill this 
term and last, we have heard several 
false alarms from my friends on the other side of the aisle. For example, we have heard that the bill does not allow enough time for environmental reviews to be completed. 
But, with all due respect, the bill, 
when necessary, allows as much time for the completion of an environmental impact statement as it took our Nation to win World War II. Surely that is time enough. 
We have heard that the bill will gen-
erate more litigation because there may be litigation over what its new terms mean, but that argument can be made against any reform legislation. If it were a valid and sufficient reason to defeat legislation, we would never pass another reform bill. 
Furthermore, the bill for the first 
time requires litigants to present their claims to permit agencies before they sue in court and to file lawsuits no later than 180 days after the agency’s final decisions. That will reduce litiga-tion, not increase it. 
We have also heard that the White 
House has threatened to veto the bill. Mr. Chairman, that is what is truly alarming. This legislation fulfills the calls of the President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness to streamline the review of Federal permit applications. We are doing that in this legislation. 
It creates shovel-ready projects, 
which even President Obama claims would create jobs. In fact, it would gen-erate millions of high-paying, good jobs for our Nation’s workers and fami-lies, who so desperately need them. It would raise the standard of living of Americans. 
The White House should not be 
issuing threats to veto the legislation. The White House should be running to lend its support to this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.034 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6213 September 24, 2015 
Ignore the false alarms and embrace 
the commonsense reforms in this bill. Pass the RAPID Act, call the Presi-dent’s bluff, give the Nation shovel- ready projects. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ), having assumed the chair, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for im-proved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of en-vironmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SEPTEMBER IS NATIONAL RICE 
MONTH 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this 
month marks the 25th year of Sep-tember being National Rice Month. Today I want to pay special tribute to the hard-working American farmers, millers, merchants, suppliers, and the consumers who make rice not only such a wholesome food, but an impor-tant part of our economy. 
Rice farming in America actually 
predates our Nation’s founding, begin-ning some 300 years ago in the Deep South. Today, America’s rice industry creates 125,000 good-paying jobs and contributes an estimated $34 billion to our Nation’s economy. 
America’s rice farmers have also a 
longstanding commitment to protect and preserve natural resources. Today, U.S. rice farmers produce more rice, using less land, energy, and water, using cutting-edge technology in land- leveling, in yield, and in technology for using less chemicals. 
The process is much more efficient 
than it was 20 years ago, while pro-viding critical waterfowl habitat for hundreds of species. I know personally because I have leveled many of these fields myself. 
America’s rice farmers continue to 
serve as leaders in the farming commu-nity by producing a healthy, conserva-tion-friendly rice crop that generates jobs and economic opportunity. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-
ognizing September as National Rice Month. 
f 
b1600 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE 
CAUCUS: FEDERAL SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from 
New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, it is truly an honor to serve here in the United States Congress, but we sully that honor when we waste the American people’s time with misplaced priorities and manufactured crises. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has one funda-
mental responsibility: funding the Fed-eral Government. But unfortunately, Republicans in Congress insist on un-dermining these responsibilities at vir-tually every turn. 
Mr. Speaker, Republicans already in-
sist on maintaining reckless sequester funding that chokes services for work-ing and middle class Americans, sen-iors, veterans, and children. Instead of passing Republican budgets that meet the ever-changing needs of our Nation, Republicans choose to kick the can down the road through continuing res-olutions that waste precious time and shortchange the American people. 
But if sequestration and continuing 
resolutions weren’t already bad enough, now we are facing a complete Federal shutdown because Republicans insist on holding Federal funds for women’s health care hostage. Congress has just 4 legislative days remaining to pass a funding bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
are fed up with this brinksmanship. It is time for us to run the country like adults. 
Let’s remember why this is hap-
pening: Republicans have pledged to shut down the entire Federal Govern-ment because of objections to abortion services by Planned Parenthood. Never mind that not a single cent of Federal money funds abortions by Planned Par-enthood. Never mind that Planned Par-enthood provides health care and edu-cation to more than 2.6 million Ameri-cans—both men and women—each year. Never mind that 97 percent of Planned Parenthood’s health services are unre-lated to abortions. Republicans would rather ignore these truths and instead rely on a series of distorted videos se-cretly filmed by discredited and shady antiabortion activists. 
So instead of using this time to talk 
about creating jobs, building infra-structure, reducing college debt, and reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act, I am forced to stand here on the House floor to remind the American people about the dangers we face with yet an-other Republican shutdown. 
Here are a few ways that this shut-
down would harm the American people: A shutdown would close more than 
400 national parks and monuments. It would increase backlogs for veterans’ pensions, compensation, and disability claims. It would delay tax refunds and Federal home loan applications; pro-hibit the National Institutes of Health from accepting new patients; shut down E-Verify screening for businesses to limit hiring undocumented workers; shutter Head Start programs for low- income families and children; and close Federal courts. 
The impact of a 2015 shutdown is hard 
to quantify, but we don’t have to look too far back to estimate the potential impact. In 2013, Republicans shut the government down for 16 days in a failed attempt to defund the Affordable Care Act. That shutdown furloughed 850,000 Federal workers for a total of 6.6 mil-lion days. The 2013 shutdown cost $2 billion in lost productivity. Standard & Poor’s estimated that the shutdown cost the U.S. economy $24 billion and stalled the creation of more than 100,000 private sector jobs, and $4.4 bil-lion in tax returns were delayed. Small businesses and private lenders had to delay loans due to lack of access to Federal Social Security number and in-come verification tools. 
Knowing what we know, Mr. Speaker, 
it is inconceivable that we could walk into this type of catastrophe by choice. That must be why the Speaker of the House, in 2013, called that shutdown a ‘‘very predictable disaster.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would much rather be 
predicting solutions than disasters. That is why I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus to stave off this irresponsible and dangerous shut-down. Again, this is the one thing our constituents sent us to Washington for: to fund the government. This is our job. 
I implore my anti-women’s health 
colleagues to set aside their partisan bickering and work with us to keep this government open. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
HISTORIC BROOKVILLE TOWN 
SQUARE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, early this month, I vis-ited Brookville, Jefferson County, lo-cated in my district, to congratulate local officials and community leaders on securing funds for a long-awaited project. The Historic Brookville Town Square is one of the most important pieces of the community’s long-term plan and is the product of a very suc-cessful fundraising effort by Historic Brookville, Incorporated. 
The Historic Brookville Town Square 
will be located next to the Jefferson County Courthouse on land once occu-pied by a vacant, rundown building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.052 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6214 September 24, 2015 
The funding for the project includes 
more than $300,000 raised by the com-munity through the efforts of Historic Brookville, showing a real desire on be-half of the residents to beautify their community. 
Mr. Speaker, this park represents a 
great public-private partnership, with the final $150,000 in grant funding clearing the way for this project to enter the planning stages. I have been proud to work with the community leaders in Brookville to move this project one step closer to completion. 
f 
PREVENTING VETERAN SUICIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of preventing veteran suicide. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize September as Sui-cide Prevention Month. I want to thank my colleague, K
YRSTEN SINEMA , 
for joining me and putting together this Special Order hour. For the next hour, we will discuss an issue that is very important to me and should be unacceptable in a nation of our re-sources: veteran suicide. 
A veteran in this country commits 
suicide every 65 minutes. That is 22 lives extinguished every day. 
As the father of a veteran, a doctor 
who worked at a VA hospital in north-ern Michigan, and the chairman of the Health Subcommittee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, I know that the challenges of military life do not end once our serv-icemembers retire from Active Duty. The mental wounds of war may be in-visible, but they are no less real to the young men and women suffering from them. 
Facing high unemployment rates, the 
stigma of post-traumatic stress dis-order, and a loss of military fellowship, returning veterans often face a crisis of confidence at the very moment they should feel nothing but relief and rest. 
Congress did make a real impact 
early this year when we passed the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which is helping the VA put the very best mental healthcare professionals to work for our veterans and creating peer support groups to help catch those transitioning servicemembers who may otherwise fall through the cracks. However, so much more needs to be done. 
I am grateful to my colleagues for 
standing with me today for our most vulnerable veterans and their families. I look forward to hearing what they 
have to say and to working with them to end veteran suicide. 
I yield to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Thank you, Dr. 
BENISHEK , for having this. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my 
colleagues to raise awareness of vet-eran suicide prevention. Let me under-score the word ‘‘prevention’’—preven-tion because veteran suicide is a public health tragedy. As a doctor, I know it is a preventable tragedy. For far too long, PTSD has been stigmatized, and it is time to remove that stigma. 
Twenty-two percent of Americans 
who commit suicide are veterans. That statistic is unacceptable to me, and it should be unacceptable to the Amer-ican people. Our Nation’s heroes should come home to readily available mental health care. They should not have to wait days, weeks, or even months to re-ceive treatment. Veterans should not have to wait at all. 
The Clay Hunt SAV Act, which was 
signed into law earlier this year, was an excellent first step in giving vet-erans options, but there is more work to be done. 
As a member of the Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee and a veteran myself, I will continue to fight for a more stream-lined system to treat our veterans suf-fering from PTSD and continue to work to reform the VA system to be a system that puts the veteran first, not the bureaucrat. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you, Congress-
man B ENISHEK , for joining me today as 
a cohost of tonight’s Special Order. 
September is Suicide Prevention 
Month, a time for our Nation to raise awareness about the persistent scourge of suicide. Tens of thousands of Ameri-cans each year purposefully die by their own actions. They are our neigh-bors and our friends, our sons and our daughters; and too often, they are the men and women who have served our country honorably in the United States military. 
An estimated 22 veterans lose their 
lives to suicide every single day in our country. That is one life lost every 65 minutes. 
Typically, time in the House Cham-
ber is split. Republicans have 1 hour and Democrats have another hour, but Congressman B
ENISHEK and I believe 
that this issue is too important to be overshadowed by partisan politics. That is why we have joined together today, with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to show our commit-ment to solving this problem together and to finding real solutions for our country’s veterans. 
This is the third year we have assem-
bled in this Chamber to raise aware-ness and to send a clear message that the epidemic of veteran suicide must end. We have so much work left to do. So today, we demonstrate our ongoing support for the individuals, organiza-tions, and agencies devoted to pre-
venting the epidemic of veteran sui-cide. Today, we challenge the VA, the Department of Defense, and our fellow lawmakers to do more. We are failing in our obligation to do right by those who have served so honorably. 
Finally, we send a message to mili-
tary families who have experienced this tragedy in their own families: Your family’s loss is not forgotten. We work for the memory of your loved ones. We will not rest until every vet-eran in this country has access to the care that he or she needs. 
b1615 
I have often shared the story of a 
young veteran in my district, Sergeant Daniel Somers. Sergeant Somers was an Army veteran of two tours in Iraq. 
Diagnosed with a traumatic brain in-
jury and suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, Sergeant Somers took his own life after struggling with the VA bureaucracy and not getting the help he needed in time. 
Together with the Somers family, we 
worked to develop the Classified Vet-erans Access to Care Act to ensure that all veterans, including those who served with classified experiences, can get immediate access to the mental health care that they need in the ap-propriate care setting. 
I recently testified before the House 
Veterans Affairs Committee on the need for this important legislation, and I am grateful for the committee’s sup-port for this legislation. I am grateful for my cosponsor, Congressman D
AN 
BENISHEK . 
I will continue working with the 
committee to ensure that no veteran feels trapped, like Sergeant Somers did, and that all of our veterans have access to appropriate mental health care. 
My State, Arizona, is ground zero for 
the VA’s failure to take care of our veterans. It has been over a year since we learned about the veterans at the Phoenix VA Hospital who were kept on secret waiting lists, forced to wait months, even years, before seeing a doctor, unable to access the care they needed. 
These revelations were shocking and 
sickening. Arizona veterans died while waiting for care. That is absolutely un-acceptable and, frankly, it is un-Amer-ican. 
So in Arizona, we took immediate ac-
tion when we learned from brave whis-tleblowers about this tragedy. Not waiting for the Phoenix VA to fix their problems, we came together as a com-munity to make sure that Arizona vet-erans get the access to the care they needed. 
Mr. Speaker, since last summer, we 
have held six veterans clinic, helping nearly 1,000 veterans and military fam-ilies get access to the benefits they have earned. Our team helps veterans in getting access to benefits, to hous-ing, to job placement, to education. 
We established a Veterans Mental 
Health Working Group for community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.055 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6215 September 24, 2015 
providers, veterans service organiza-
tions, and the local VA, to bring them all together to work to improve access to services. Our group meets bimonthly and has made important progress. 
These are some examples of the good 
that can come when people set aside partisanship and put veterans first. That is what is needed from all of us in this Chamber and the agencies we work with: to put aside partisanship and solve the problem we face to end the scourge of veteran suicide in this coun-try. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I thank the gentle-
woman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). I 
really appreciate your comments and your concern for this significant prob-lem. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a 
moment to outline something that I have become aware of in my time here in office. 
While this problem is very monu-
mental, there are many small things that the VA can do right now to make a difference. One of these changes can be made by the VA immediately. 
I would like to read a letter I re-
ceived recently from an American Le-gion representative in my district that illustrates the problem better than I could. 
Dear Dr. Benishek: 
Here is the situation. Recently I encoun-
tered a suicidal veteran from the Sault area who had severe PTSD, 100 percent VA dis-abled. He called me on a Wednesday hysterical and said that he was contem-plating suicide. He was traveling around with his wife in the car at the time. I thought this was a very dangerous situation. 
After several back-and-forth conversations 
with him, I found out he was not taking any medicines and had not seen his VA psychia-trist in a long time because, as he put it, the psychiatrist was not helping him and it seemed that he didn’t really care. 
He insisted that he stay at Wilwin, the 
American Legion veterans facility, but I told him we needed his psychiatrist’s okay. 
As a veteran myself, I thought I should try 
to help him the best that I could. So I called the VA Suicide Hotline to get answers on how I should handle the situation. 
Here’s the problem. I called the Iron Moun-
tain VA. The call started out saying, if you are having a medical or mental health emer-gency, please hang up and dial 911. 
If you are having thoughts of hurting your-
self and want to talk to a mental health pro-fessional, please hang up and dial 1–800–273– 8255. 
If you are thinking of committing suicide, 
you are already frustrated to the point that you would be glad to talk to anyone, even if it is someone at the VA. 
Can you imagine a veteran in this position 
even having a paper and pencil in hand to write the number down? 
If he is unable to get the correct number 
the first time, he must redial the VA, go through the whole spiel again and, hopefully, write the number on a paper the second or third time before he can try dialing. Once dialed, the voice comes on the phone and says, if you are a veteran push 1 and so on. 
When I called the hotline after I pushed 1, 
listened to music for several minutes before a voice came on the phone, she told me that she was not a veteran, nor did she know much about PTSD veterans. What I needed was advice on how to handle the veteran I was working with, which she did give me. How many veterans have committed sui-
cide because of the VA’s red tape? 
Here’s a solution. When the VA is called 
and the veteran is contemplating suicide or hurting himself, you should be able to push 1 to get a direct line to the suicide hotline. It should automatically register that the call is coming through the VA system and, yes, it is a veteran calling. 
This constituent was able to get the 
veteran he referred to the help that he needed, but he raised an incredibly good point that I brought up repeat-edly with the VA. 
The VA told me it would take 6 
months to change from an 800 number to simply dial 1. This is unacceptable. I call on the VA again today to make this change immediately. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague 
from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ). 
Mr. ASHFORD. I thank the gen-
tleman for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss a 
subject many of our veterans and their families understandably find great dif-ficulty in discussing. 
Veteran suicide, as we have already 
heard, is a major problem in our coun-try. We have all heard the numbers. An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day. That is one life every hour. 
Please keep in mind those horrific 
numbers have names, the names of men and women who put themselves in harm’s way in order to keep each and every one of us safe. 
Earlier this year we passed the Clay 
Hunt Suicide Prevention of American Veterans Act. It addresses the need for 
more mental healthcare experts inside the VA along with expanding the time available to veterans to seek mental health care through the VA. 
The new law also calls for an evalua-
tion of all VA mental health care and suicide prevention practices to deter-mine what is working and make rec-ommendations on what is not. This is a major step in the right direction, but we must continue to do more. 
I am proud to say, Mr. Speaker, that, 
in Omaha, we are currently working with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to create a center of excellence, a national model for veterans’ care that will include top-flight mental health care and other services so much needed by our veterans in our community. That treatment would cover post-trau-matic stress disorder, depression, anx-iety and problems relating to other people. 
The debt we owe the men and women 
who serve this country is a debt that can never be repaid. But we must con-tinue to ensure that we keep our prom-ises to our veterans and support their very unique healthcare issues. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to my colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Michigan for hosting this Special Order to raise awareness for an issue that impacts constituents in all of our congressional districts. 
We can all agree that, as Members of 
Congress, we need to prioritize our vet-erans. We also need to raise awareness 
about the invisible wounds many of them face. I am speaking about post- traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, depression, which can and often does lead to thoughts of suicide. 
Mr. Speaker, we also need to make 
sure that the loved ones of these vet-erans have the support they need so that they may best help those who are suffering from these invisible wounds. 
I have been here 9 months. The House 
has taken some very positive steps to help veterans since I have been here and improving suicide prevention pro-grams. 
It has been said by several Members 
already here on the floor today, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act, a commonsense bill that is going to in-crease access to mental health by cre-ating a peer support and community outreach pilot program. 
It is going to boost accountability 
with mental health care by requiring an annual evaluation of VA mental health and suicide prevention pro-grams. 
It is proof that, when we put party 
politics aside around here, we can get good things done. We should all be proud of that. 
I would like to direct Members’ at-
tention to H.R. 2915, the Female Vet-eran Suicide Prevention Act, which has been just passed out of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It is time to bring this bill to the floor. 
It will direct the VA to identify men-
tal healthcare prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treat-ing female veterans as part of the eval-uative process required by the Clay Hunt Act, and it would require the VA to accommodate a veteran’s obligation to not properly disclose classified in-formation. 
Mr. Speaker, suicide prevention pro-
grams are key to maintaining con-tinual engagement with veterans and communities, as well as to raise aware-ness and to help intervene, when nec-essary. 
I would also add, let’s keep in mind 
the Economic Opportunity Sub-committee on Veterans’ Affairs, which I serve on, with many other hard-working Members who are working in a consensus-oriented fashion. 
We need to make sure that the Tran-
sition Assistance Program is working for our veterans. We need to make sure that, from a veterans’ hiring preference program, that that is working. 
We need to make sure that we are 
utilizing the best that the private sec-tor has to offer for workforce develop-ment training for veterans returning to civilian life. 
We know that there is an unfair stig-
ma associated with those who may need to seek assistance with mental health. 
Part of the value of why we are here 
today is to raise awareness and help re-duce that stigma and say that we un-derstand that there are challenges for veterans returning to civilian life and we are here to help. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.056 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6216 September 24, 2015 
We want to raise awareness. We want 
to make sure that the programs that we have in place are working. We are going to continue to do that. 
I applaud those who helped organize 
this Special Order here today, and I am honored to participate in it. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to my colleague from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. B ENISHEK ) for convening 
this important discussion this after-noon. 
As I am sure we agree, we need to 
continue shining a light on the epi-demic of veteran suicide so we can push to improve the resources available to the brave men and women who have served our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I come from a region of 
Illinois called the Quad Cities. For more than two decades, my seat was held by one of the strongest advocates for veterans who has ever worked in these Chambers. I am talking about the late and the great Congressman Lane Evans. 
Congressman Evans was a veteran of 
the Marine Corps who served this body from 1983 all the way to 2007. I was proud to call him my friend. 
As a veteran, he understood the chal-
lenges that many of our returning he-roes confront after they come home. Congressman Evans was a tireless ad-vocate for expanding resources to our veterans and providing the mental health services that many of them need to make a successful transition back to civilian life. 
Today, after more than a decade of 
war, this generation of veterans faces a new set of challenges. We have an obli-gation to those who have served our Nation. 
As my friend, the gentlewoman from 
Arizona highlighted earlier in her re-marks that an estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every single day. That is nearly one every hour. 
And we all know the statistics driv-
ing this epidemic. Military suicides are at their highest rate in 10 years. 
Mr. Speaker, veterans make up 20 
percent of our suicides, despite making up only 10 percent of our population. Thirty percent of veterans have consid-ered suicide. 37 percent of Iraq and Af-ghanistan veterans have been diag-nosed with PTSD. 
And of the approximately 22 veterans 
who take their lives every day, roughly five actually get care through the VA health system. 
b1630 
It is easy to get lost in all those sta-
tistics. They are numbers. But behind each and every one of those is a real human being, a veteran with a real story that we must tell. We have a duty to help them. 
We all know how hard the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs is working to keep up with this ongoing and per-sistent challenge, but we have to do 
more. That is why I proudly supported the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which was signed into law earlier this year. Once this legislation is fully implemented, it will take critical steps toward curbing the epidemic of veteran suicide by im-proving the VA resources and increas-ing oversight of programs designed to help our veterans get the care that they deserve. 
This is an important step toward 
stemming the ongoing crisis of veteran suicide, but it is not enough. This is why I have called on the Appropria-tions Committee to increase funding for veteran suicide prevention pro-grams and outreach services. I hope all of you will join me in demanding more action for our veterans. 
If Congressman Evans were alive 
today, he would not rest until all of our veterans get the care and the sup-port they have earned for protecting our Nation, and neither should we. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize an epidemic that is plaguing our servicemembers and our veterans, and that epidemic is suicide. Each day it is estimated, on average, 22 veterans commit suicide in the United States. That is more than double the rate for the civilian population, and it is an extremely tragic statistic. 
Earlier this year, the Clay Hunt Sui-
cide Prevention for American Veterans Act was signed into law to help combat this very serious problem. I applaud this step forward, but our work is far from over. We must continue to ensure that those veterans who are suffering know that they are not alone; they have family, friends, and resources readily available to help them heal and move forward. 
These men and women have given so 
much to this great Nation. It is our duty to walk with them during and after their service. 
I remain committed to providing the 
highest quality medical care and re-sources for these brave men and women who were wounded in the course of de-fending our freedom. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to improve timely access to mental healthcare services to ensure our veterans in crisis receive the help that they need. 
I thank Mr. B
ENISHEK and Ms. 
SINEMA for organizing this Special 
Order hour. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to my col-
league from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. I thank my friend 
from Michigan for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my 
friends Congressman B ENISHEK , Con-
gresswoman S INEMA , and Congress-
woman B USTOS for their leadership and 
for hosting this Special Order this evening on an issue that we all care very deeply about: the high rate of sui-cide among our veteran population. September is Suicide Prevention 
Month, and it is important that we draw attention to this critical issue. The facts are stark. My other col-leagues have already mentioned them. A veteran commits suicide every 65 minutes. That means that 22 veterans a day are dying. 
Today we honor those that we have 
lost already and the families who have suffered so much and are left behind. These veterans were true American he-roes who served their country and came home tormented. We can never forget the sacrifices that they have made. 
It is great, on this evening, to see my 
colleagues from both sides of the aisle here to talk about this issue, because it is my sincere hope that we can come together and rededicate ourselves to doing what is right for our veterans and making sure that we are dedi-cating sufficient resources to veterans’ care. 
On Sunday night, in Michigan, I will 
gather with the family and friends of those veterans who have committed suicide in Michigan. They have built a cross for each of those lives to try to raise awareness in our community. 
In addition, at a meeting that I hold 
with my mayors, where normally we are talking about infrastructure or roads, two-thirds of that meeting was spent talking about veterans and the emotional issues we are dealing with in our communities as we see these vet-erans struggling. 
The mayors and I have started a task 
force to address these issues. We have started a veterans’ court that has been following the model of other places, trying to raise awareness so that in the community, we see when someone is struggling and are able to put out a helping hand. 
My next-door neighbor’s young son, 
when tormented, needed help; and when he called, he couldn’t get it. 
We all have got to come together. 
These brave young men and women have served our country. When they came home from World War II and Korea, we celebrated them. We thanked them for their service. We formed a community around them. 
These young men and women are 
fighting for us. They are fighting for freedom. They are fighting for world security. We have an obligation to help them when they come home, to help get them the resources that they need. They have memories that haunt them. They have memories that torment them. 
This Suicide Prevention Month, we 
have to take the stigma away from mental illness. We have to recognize that young people need help some-times, and we have to be there for them. 
Tonight I thank my colleagues for 
organizing this Special Order so that we remind people that those who have served us sometimes need that helping hand. If we can prevent it, we must, any young person from taking their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.057 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6217 September 24, 2015 
life because of the service that they 
gave this country. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, nearly 
10 million Americans have serious mental illness, and millions go without proper treatment or care because our Nation’s mental health system is bro-ken not only for our veterans, but for our nonveterans as well. 
My next speaker is Dr. T
IMMURPHY  
from Pennsylvania, the author of the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, H.R. 2646. This will overhaul our Nation’s mental healthcare sys-tem, adding grants for more psychia-trists, authorizing intervention pro-grams, and fixing current nationwide shortages of crisis mental health beds. 
I yield to my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. M
URPHY ). 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman for organizing this very important Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, I will tell the stories of 
three servicemembers that I have known in my time in the Navy, in my work at Walter Reed Hospital: 
One is of a soldier who tried to kill 
himself. He put a gun to his head, pulled the trigger. The gun fired, but it didn’t kill him. It left him partially blind and with a significant head in-jury. He struggles through life. He con-tinues to live, but the things that caused him to do that have not left. 
The second is of a marine that I 
knew, the son of a friend, who died re-cently. I went to his funeral and saw him lying there, looking so peaceful. 
The third, a soldier, I was called upon 
by the family to go visit him because he had been in his room for months. He covered the windows with camouflage. Bottles and bottles of medication lit-tered his room, holes were punched in the walls, and he felt abandoned. 
There was nothing more we could do 
for the soldier who had killed himself; there were some things we could do for the soldier who harmed himself; but there was a lot we could do for the sol-dier who hid himself. 
When soldiers, sailors, airmen, ma-
rines, and coastguardsmen look down the road to suicide, there are multiple reasons. Very often it is because they have faced those unspeakable horrors of war. Perhaps they have had multiple deployments, strain within the family, the lost social relationships, divorce, job complications, which whittled and chipped away at their strength. Per-haps they lost that sense of belonging that they had with their platoon or their company, that friendship with those who faced battles with them that somehow helped prop them back up. 
In many cases, it is dealing with the 
traumatic brain injury, of the multiple blasts, explosions, the primary, sec-ondary, or tertiary wounds that they had which affected their brain func-tioning and leaves them with symp-toms oftentimes of psychological dis-orders. Sometimes that psychological disorder is that path to depression, that feeling of hopelessness, helpless-ness, and worthlessness that comes with clinical depression, when the per-
son sometimes says: There is no treat-ment that can help me; I might as well give up. 
First let me say to veterans, Mr. 
Speaker, that there is treatment that can help. There is reason to hope. It is important that veterans seek out a therapist; and if that therapist doesn’t seem like a good mix, seek another one. If that one doesn’t seem like a good mix, seek another one. Keep going until you find the right person. 
It is important veterans understand 
their life is worth living. Yes, you are suffering in the moment, but you can’t stop pursuing treatment. Don’t seek the permanent solution to the tem-porary problem. There is always an-other way out besides suicide. 
Now, we make this more complicated 
for veterans, as we do with the rest of the community of people who are suf-fering from mental illness, by we sim-ply don’t have enough professionals out there to help. We have family members who don’t see the signs of isolation and anger and drinking and drug abuse and irritability. But just because there is a healthcare provider out there, the fam-ily should not ever feel that they can’t talk to that person. 
The healthcare provider, even with-
out permission of the soldier, can lis-ten; and it is important that family members contact someone even when that soldier says, ‘‘I don’t want to talk to anybody,’’ because, very often, that is the disease speaking, that is the brain illness speaking. That is the part of the illness that says ‘‘I either want to give up’’ or ‘‘I don’t recognize I have a problem.’’ 
Loved ones can call for help, but we 
need other things taking place here as well. We have to have families who can help that person get out of a crisis. We have to help the family understand they need to remove the means of a suicide—if it is a firearm, if it is weap-ons, if is drugs. 
But what we need to do and what my 
bill (H.R. 2646), the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, does is it changes the dynamics of what our country is doing, that has abusive poli-cies and antifamily policies which ac-tually prevent people from getting help. 
What we have to do is make sure we 
have more access to treatment. We need more psychiatrists and psycholo-gists—it is as plain as that—by the thousands and tens of thousands. We do not have enough. So even when some-one tries to seek help, it is difficult. 
We need more psychiatric hospital 
beds for those moments when a person needs a respite, someplace to go away from the crisis of everyday life. We don’t have enough. We had 550,000 psy-chiatric hospital beds in the 1950s. We have less than 40,000 now. Part of that is because we have Medicaid rules out there and other rules that say, you know, we don’t want hospital beds any-more. 
Look, I don’t want to see people go 
back to the old asylums, but some-times a person with that sense of help-
lessness and worthlessness needs a place to go to recover, to get better. 
We also have a VA system which has 
said: You are not going to continue some of these drugs. Your drug isn’t on our formulary list. You are not going to take it anymore. 
I have other legislation in which says 
that, if a Department of Defense doctor prescribes a person medication and it is working, the VA should automatically, without question, carry that medica-tion and provide ease of access for it. One of the reasons we even have the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans bill is because he couldn’t get the medication that worked. 
It is our fault. We have met the 
enemy, and he is us, as one character famously said. 
The General Accounting Office also 
tells us we have a disorganized system, 112 Federal agencies—112—that are sup-posed to deal with mental illness. The GAO tells us they don’t keep track of data. There is not accountability. They don’t meet. Many of these agencies haven’t even gotten together since 2009 to coordinate services. Twenty home-less programs, programs scattered throughout the Federal Government— we make it the most difficult for those who have the most difficulty. 
Sometimes what we do, though, is we 
reauthorize programs that work. But make no mistake, it is not enough. Anyone who thinks that Congress has been adequately addressing the needs of the mentally ill, the seriously men-tally ill veterans, is naive. We are dis-illusioning ourselves into thinking that, because we did something, we did the right thing. 
So let me speak honestly: Congress’ 
lack of comprehensive action and its snail pace in dealing with this shares the blame. We are not passive in this. We are active and codependent in this crisis that is inflicted upon Americans. 
When we are in this Chamber and we 
hear another tragic story of someone who has perhaps killed many people in the community and then killed them-selves or they did suicide by cop, we have a moment of silence—and so we should—as we grieve over the loss of innocent life. But that moment of si-lence should not be accompanied with silent behavior. What we need are mo-ments of action, and strong action at that. 
Not only do we have the soldier sui-
cides, we had 41,000 suicides in this country in this last year; 43,000 drug overdose deaths; homicides by those with serious mental illness; people with mental illness who are the vic-tims of crime and homicide. 
b1645 
Then we have that slow-motion death 
of the homeless and the seriously men-tally ill who, themselves, have come to so many other chronic illnesses that— do you know what? They are not even a statistic. We don’t count them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.058 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6218 September 24, 2015 
If people want to help, if Members 
want to do something, here is an action plan: become cosponsors of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. Don’t sit idly by. Don’t say, ‘‘Some other Member can do this; let it be someone else’s problem.’’ It is not. It is ours. 
As a nation, wouldn’t we do better to 
act instead of grieve, to turn a blind eye and to hope that someone else takes care of it, or, worse yet, to be caught up in the politics, the partisan politics and the games that plague this Chamber that says: ‘‘I am not going to let this party have a win or this party have a win’’? In the meantime, people are dying, and we sit idly by. 
Mr. Speaker, suicide is a plague on 
our Nation, on our veterans. It is a plague on, as was said in Samuel 16, the last, the least, and the lonely. We must change this system that makes it difficult for those who have the most difficulty. We must remove abusive Federal policies that say that you can’t see two doctors in the same day; you can’t have more than 16 hospital beds; that say it is okay to have Fed-eral programs and grants going out there for absurd concepts like making collages, making masks; telling people to get off their medication; a Web site to help people in Boston, when it is cold, deal with the anxiety of snow; a $425,000 Web site for 3-year-olds with sing-along songs; and a $22,000 painting which sits in the Office of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration to give them awareness. The only thing I am aware of, Mr. Speaker, is that it is a waste of money—a waste of taxpayers’ money— and a waste of lives. 
If this Congress gets its act together 
and admits it, and if our leadership says that we can run lots of bills—and we can run lots of bills real quick—and we can suspend the bills and bring bills to the floor in a moment’s notice, I have had this bill sitting around 3 years. We revise it and revise it again. We have the support of multiple orga-nizations across the country, whether they represent parents or consumers or professionals, and another day goes by; and every few seconds another person commits suicide or has a drug overdose death, and we go home at night and sleep snugly in our beds. 
It doesn’t have to be this way if we 
have more providers and if we have a Federal Government in Congress that says that we must be guided by wis-dom, compassion, and faith, that says we will not wait anymore and that we will take the collective voice of every Member of Congress to do that. 
A few hours ago, we had the Holy Fa-
ther, Pope Francis, speak in this very Chamber. His words still echo in this community. But he called us to do things together, to be motivated by love, to be engaged in a dialogue and conversation, and that is a conversa-tion we must be having about mental illness as well, to say that we can no longer put this off. I hope Members, if they really are 
concerned about veteran suicide—as I believe we are—if they are really con-cerned about the problems of serious mental illness—as I know we are—if Members are tired of moments of si-lence in those times when we come to-gether for a few minutes of compas-sion, we recognize that is not enough— and I know we are—then I hope every Member, every Democrat and Repub-lican, talks to their leadership, talks to their committee members, talks to each other and says, ‘‘Move this bill. Make something happen.’’ 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, let me 
close with this. The story I told you has a good ending. 
The soldier that I visited in his home 
with the windows covered with camou-flage, with medications scattered throughout the house, and with holes punched in the wall because of his anger, we did get him help. He got sta-bilized. He took those barriers off the windows. He let the bright light of the world shine in again, and he engaged with people again. He has hope again. 
That is a story that comes because 
people stepped forward and helped him. The people at hospitals and military hospitals can do that. Let’s make sure that the others like him whom we have not discovered yet, who are still hiding in their rooms, we get to them before their lives are taken. This is what we should be doing as a nation. Failing to do this means we are culpable as this tragedy continues. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I would like to 
thank my colleague for his passion on this issue. 
I would now like to yield to my col-
league from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
Mr. PETERS. I want to thank the 
gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank Congresswoman S
INEMA and 
Congressman B ENISHEK for their lead-
ership on this issue, which is also of prime interest to me, this epidemic of suicide in our veteran community. 
Mr. Speaker, San Diego has the third 
largest population of veterans in the country, more than 235,000. One of the most important jobs we have here in Congress is to honor their service by keeping our promises to them. 
September is Suicide Prevention 
Month, a time to focus on ending the scourge of veteran suicide that has hurt families and communities across the country. Combating suicide takes the full spectrum of services, including deployment, education, drug and alco-hol abuse treatment, and ending the stigma around mental health. 
In San Diego, I am pleased to say, 
the nonprofit sector has really stepped up. We have been at the forefront of finding innovative ways to approach veteran suicide by providing services and developing cohesion in the local veteran community that came together after the Vietnam war to increase col-laboration among government, private groups, and community partners. 
San Diego is the home of, in my dis-
trict, 0800, which is an organization doing innovative work to assist easing 
the transition between Active Duty and civilian life. It is a community- based nonprofit that takes the existing service structure, works with the serv-icemembers before they leave the mili-tary to get them set, and provides the case management after they return to the civilian world to ensure that the benefits and services that veterans have earned are provided to them. 
Another organization, the Three Wise 
Men Foundation, founded by combat veteran Nathan Fletcher, utilizes com-munity engagement and workout trainings to help veterans who were in combat and have struggled to re-integrate after coming home. 
There is a powerful article by Dave 
Phillips that The New York Times highlighted this weekend about how many veterans are turning to each other to survive. To quote that article: ‘‘Feeling abandoned, members of the battalion have turned to a survival strategy they learned at war: depend-ing on one another.’’ 
We have all heard the devastating 
statistics of veteran suicides in the country, but thus far, the response has failed to properly address the dire situ-ation, and we have a responsibility here in Congress to do much more than we have. The statistics don’t tell the heart-wrenching stories that so many of us have heard from parents, spouses, and the loved ones of the veteran who has taken his or her own life. 
One such couple that Congresswoman 
S
INEMA and I know, and I have been 
honored to work with, is Dr. Howard and Jean Somers, who, after losing their son, Daniel, to suicide, have be-come tireless advocates to fix and re-form the broken healthcare system at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
We know that bipartisan reforms to 
the VA can make a difference. The Clay Hunt Act showed us that and gar-nered a new generation of mental health and suicide prevention services at the VA, and the Veterans Choice Act will bring accountability to a system wrought with oversight and leadership challenges, allowing for faster service closer to the veteran in need. 
But fixing an inefficient VA requires 
more than just increased funding. It re-quires real changes to get veterans care in new and flexible ways. We need to allow the VA to better use innova-tive technologies, like wireless medi-cine, that allow veterans access to care from the comfort of their homes, which can save lives and decrease costs to taxpayers. 
We need to break the stigma around 
mental health, particularly post-trau-matic stress. The service-connected in-jury needs to be treated with the same gravity and respect as the physical in-jury that so many of our valiant warfighters have battled. 
So thank you again, Congresswoman 
S
INEMA and Congressman B ENISHEK , for 
your consistent advocacy on reforming the VA and on ending the tragedy of veteran suicide. We have much more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.060 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6219 September 24, 2015 
work to do, and I appreciate the oppor-
tunity to be here today to work with you on it. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
BRAHAM ). The gentleman has 8 min-
utes remaining. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. Y OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to take a moment to thank my col-leagues, Representatives S
INEMA and 
Dr. B ENISHEK , for their leadership in 
arranging such a Special Order on such an important topic and for the invita-tion to speak this afternoon on suicide prevention awareness. 
September is Suicide Prevention 
Awareness Month. It is so important that we have an open and honest dia-logue about the issue of suicide. The more we talk about it, we increase peo-ple’s awareness, and they are there to help the people in need. 
There are alternatives, and they do 
not have to suffer in silence. From co-median Robin Williams, to bullied young kids, to the brave men and women from our Nation’s military re-turning from the battlefield, suicide does not discriminate. Emotional pain and despair can set in and take root in the minds and bodies of all ages across all demographics. Often, the signs of suicide go undetected, which leave those left behind asking: Why did this happen, and what could I have done to prevent this tragedy? 
Today a disproportionate amount of 
our Nation’s veterans are falling vic-tim to suicide. After all they have given to this country, it is tragic and unacceptable that our Nation’s vet-erans often suffer in silence until it is too late for those around them to help. 
By shining a light on veteran suicide 
and all suicides, we as a nation can start to understand the urgency with which we need to solve and prevent this epidemic that our veterans, their families, and their friends struggle with. Not recognizing the signs early enough all too often leads to a loss of life. This is an important thing that we as a nation need to come together and have a strong support system in place so that those in need will reach out and not be stigmatized. 
Again, I want to thank our col-
leagues. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank, particularly, Rep-resentatives S
INEMA and B ENISHEK for 
bringing up this Special Order hour. 
For my own part, I speak for the 
northeastern part of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is home to nearly 1 mil-lion veterans. These are brave men and women who serve this Nation, a Nation that has, regrettably, not always served them. 
Many of the veterans suffer from 
mental illness. A study, as you all know, has been released that found 
that 22 veterans commit suicide every day. This is unacceptable. 
As someone who deeply cares about 
veterans’ issues, I was proud to intro-duce legislation in the last Congress that would fast-track the hiring of psy-chiatrists who have completed a resi-dency at a VA facility, and I was grati-fied that the President has incor-porated many of those ideas in his pol-icy. 
Initially, in this Congress, I plan to 
reintroduce the Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act, an important piece of legislation that aims to pro-vide for our brave servicemen and -women when they return from combat with both easily visible and difficult- to-detect wounds. While the physical wounds are evident immediately, the mental health ones may take longer to manifest themselves. 
Here is the problem: as many as 30 
percent of Operation Iraqi and Endur-ing Freedom veterans face the possible diagnosis of a mental health disorder. But after 5 postservice years, if a con-dition is not diagnosed, veterans would go to the back of the line. They have missed their statute of limitations in 5 years and then experience an average wait time to receive benefits of more than 1 year. This could mean the dif-ference between life and death. 
Unfortunately, mental health dis-
orders are harder to diagnose, may take much longer to manifest, and many veterans might delay seeking treatment. We are putting it on them to self-diagnose and report within that 5-year span. 
We should not hold mental health 
disorders to the same timeline as a bro-ken leg. The Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act would ensure that no veteran would be denied mental health treatment no matter when combat-re-lated mental health disorders first ap-pear. 
I believe we owe a great debt to those 
warfighters who serve our country through military service, including those who stood ready at a moment’s notice to fight for our freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, as long as I am a Mem-
ber of Congress, I will be working to in-crease knowledge on this subject, to correct the shortcomings of the VA system, and to ensure that the men and women of our Armed Forces who brave-ly serve this country receive all the benefits to which they are entitled. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Nice comments, Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT . I appreciate it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Indiana (Mrs. W ALORSKI ), 
my colleague on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Thank you, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK . 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Michigan and the distinguished gentlewoman from Arizona for yielding. 
In honor of Suicide Prevention 
Month, I rise today to increase aware-ness about some of our bravest and most at risk: our veterans. Many of our 
Nation’s troops, both past and present, face struggles many of us can never imagine. Every day 22 veterans take their own lives. 
I have experienced this same tragedy 
in my own district. In 2013, a con-stituent in my district, a former ma-rine who served in Vietnam, began ex-periencing severe pain over his entire body. After visiting four VA clinics and facilities, doctors could not diagnose his condition and instead prescribed morphine for ongoing and oftentimes excruciating pain. 
To help manage his undiagnosed con-
dition, doctors recommended he enter a nursing home. Unfortunately, he dis-covered he did not meet the eligibility requirements. Later that day, his wife was told that she had 1 hour to pick him up or they, the VA, would send him home in a cab without clothes since he did not have any at the hos-pital to wear. Two days later, just a week before Christmas, the pain proved too great for him to bear and he took his own life. 
His story details the urgency our Na-
tion’s heroes deserve. Instead of ending in heartbreak, veterans and their fami-lies need to know their lives count, which is why we must improve vet-erans’ access to physical and mental health care. Together, we can change this system to prevent tragedies like this from ever happening again. 
b1700 
Mr. BENISHEK. Thank you very 
much, Mrs. W
ALORSKI . I really appre-
ciate your comments. 
I think Dr. M URPHY brought up a 
good point when he was speaking. We just recently in this House passed the 21st Century Cures Act, H.R. 6. 
That has been endorsed by a wide va-
riety of professional and medical orga-nizations, such as the American Asso-ciation for Cancer Research and The Cure Alliance. We passed this bill by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 344– 77. 
This is a piece of legislation that is 
going to change the way we do research at the NIH, that is going to change health care for all Americans. There is no reason that we shouldn’t be able to pass a mental health care bill similar to that with a wide bipartisan effort. 
Today Ms. S
INEMA and I are leading a 
bipartisan group of Members of Con-gress to make mental health care an issue on which to move forward, and it has really been a great way to get this started. 
I yield to Ms. S
INEMA if she would 
like to add a few more thoughts in that regard. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you very much, 
Congressman B
ENISHEK . 
I know we will be continuing this in 
the next Special Order so as to allow more of our colleagues to speak, and I am really looking forward to that time. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.061 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6220 September 24, 2015 
VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I am very 
happy to open the Special Order this evening with my colleague and friend, Congressman D
ANBENISHEK of Michi-
gan. 
We have some colleagues who are 
joining us here this evening to con-tinue the discussion we have been en-joying for the last hour of talking about the scourge of veteran suicides and how to stop this scourge. 
We know that there are brave whis-
tleblowers around this country who have told us and the Nation about the problems at the VA. 
If it weren’t for brave whistleblowers, 
we may not have learned about the tragedies at my VA, the Phoenix VA, and we could have lost even more lives than we have lost already. 
In order for the VA to change, it has 
to put its veterans first and change the culture. We believe that VA employees must continue to speak up and speak out. 
Brandon Coleman, a Marine Corps 
veteran, has seen firsthand the impor-tant role the VA can play in helping veterans. A decade ago he received help from a dedicated VA counselor, who helped him overcome substance abuse issues and get his life back on track. 
Wanting to help his fellow veterans, 
Brandon began working as an addiction counselor with the Phoenix VA in 2009. 
In January of this year, Brandon ap-
proached his supervisor after, over the course of a single week, five suicidal veterans walked out of the Phoenix VA hospital without getting the help they needed from the emergency room. 
After coming forward with his con-
cerns about how the VA handled suici-dal patients, Brandon was placed on ad-ministrative leave for adverse behavior and his program was shut down. 
Mr. Speaker, no one should fear the 
risk of losing his or her job for speak-ing out. That is why we introduced the VA Accountability Act, a bipartisan bill to hold poor-performing employees accountable and to increase protec-tions for whistleblowers. 
Empowering whistleblowers helps our 
veterans and their families get the an-swers they deserve. The VA must re-spond to this challenge with a culture of accountability that protects vet-erans, not its own bureaucracy. 
Brandon testified before the Senate 
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee earlier this week on improving accountability within the VA. He is committed to fixing the VA to ensure that all veterans get the same help that he got. 
I would like to take some time now 
to turn the podium over to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ). 
Mr. RUSSELL. I thank the Congress-
woman. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a serious issue that 
our Nation faces when we imagine the sacrifice that our veterans make only 
to see them become casualties in a bat-tle with the mind. 
Those of us who have borne the bur-
den of battle carry the weight of that burden the rest of our lives. As a war-rior, I have seen the worst things that human beings can do to one another. I have had to take human life. I have had to watch fellow warriors lose theirs. I have caressed wounded broth-ers as they have been bleeding. 
We recall these things and carry 
these things, and, as warriors, we at-tempt to process it all when we come home. When we do come home, others attempt to interact with us not quite knowing how that interaction should play out or how to treat the Americans we really are. 
So, as we address this issue of vet-
eran suicide and as we stand here to speak in support of the many good measures that we have heard today, Mr. Speaker, I would also like to pro-vide a couple of things worth noting with which we could reach out to the community at large, to our States, to all of America. 
For the population that deals with 
returning battle veterans, purpose matters. We don’t want to come home as victims. We don’t want to be put in some special class. 
We have maintained the stresses of 
battle, and we have fought our Nation’s wars, but purpose matters as we come home. 
If that purpose is somehow denied us 
because of fear of capacity or fear of being able to interact with other Amer-icans in employment or in whatever it is that we put our hand to, then we will miss a great opportunity early on to engage returning veterans in things that will help them heal. 
Secondly, we should treat our return-
ing veterans as the Americans they really are. We somehow unintendedly imagine them as damaged goods, or maybe they have had something hap-pen to them that does not make them quite like we are. That is a mistake. 
Thirdly, when we look at the stresses 
of battle and how they shape our lives, we must remember this, that post- traumatic stress is treatable. As we deal with those who have faced battle as they struggle through this, it is im-portant to note that the returning war-rior has not lost his mind or her mind. It is treatable. 
Mr. Speaker, one can easily relate 
when you think about, in my home State, maybe surviving a tornado or maybe, across America, being in a hor-rific car accident or losing a loved one in some capacity. 
It creates stress on the human being, 
yet no one in that scenario would say, ‘‘Well, they have been through quite a lot, so I am not sure that they can en-gage with the public anymore and be employed’’ or, ‘‘I am not sure they will be able to handle the daily stresses.’’ 
Instead, we look at them, and we re-
alize that these are life-altering experi-ences, whether it be through a car acci-dent or a tornado, and we say, ‘‘Wow, 
that is terrible, but they have really bounced back, and they have done a good job of recovering.’’ We need to look at it in the same capacity. 
I am no physician, but I am a warrior 
who has come home. For the warrior, as he or she does come home, Mr. Speaker, we must urge all of our war-riors, especially as they face insur-mountable pressure about ‘‘Does life have a purpose?’’ to not live in isola-tion, and we must understand that the adrenalin of survival at our peak in battle, which is all around us—every sense alive to protect us as we sur-vive—physiologically doesn’t instantly change when we come home. 
Those levels of adrenalin stay, and 
we crave them. That is why your re-turning veteran may ride his motor-cycle at 120 miles an hour or pursue a dangerous activity. As the warrior processes it, he must understand as well that it takes time to abate that and to adjust. 
I also want to point out, Mr. Speak-
er, that our returning veterans should band together with their fellow war-riors. Above all, don’t quit. Only we can take ourselves out of that fight. 
To all of us, I think it is best to re-
call what Solomon tells us in Eccle-siastes in that two are better than one because they have good reward for their labor, for, if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow; but woe to him that is alone when he falls, for he does not have another to help him up. 
Again, if two lie together, then they 
have heat. But how can one be warm alone? And if one prevails against him, two shall withstand him, and a three-fold cord is not quickly broken. 
As we attempt here in government to 
bind up the wounds, we must also real-ize it is not the government’s sole re-sponsibility. As an American commu-nity, we need to bind together as those wounds are bound up to heal. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you so much, 
Representative R
USSELL , for your 
thoughts and your participation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. L AMBORN ). 
Thank you for being here this 
evening. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I want to thank my 
colleagues Representative S INEMA and 
Representative B ENISHEK for their lead-
ership on this issue today and for orga-nizing this time together. 
I also want to thank Representative 
R
USSELL for his hard-earned insights 
that he has shared with us. 
Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we 
raise awareness for veteran suicide pre-vention. Unfortunately, this much- needed awareness comes too late for one of my Colorado Springs families. 
I would like to tell you the story of 
Noah, a former marine, who served with honor in Iraq in 2009 and in Af-ghanistan in 2011. I will not use his last name, but his parents have offered the use of his picture. 
After leaving the Marine Corps, Noah 
began working on a business degree at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.063 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6221 September 24, 2015 
the University of Colorado, Colorado 
Springs, and started his own online business. 
Now, Noah comes from a military 
family, his dad having honorably served for 23 years. He chose to put off college so that he could serve this great Nation. 
Unfortunately, his parents are ap-
palled by the care their son did not re-ceive from the VA. They believe their son would still be alive had he received better care. Noah was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and re-ceived a 50 percent disability rating due to PTSD. 
On April 2 of this year, he went to 
the Colorado Springs VA clinic, where medical notes from his visit state that he had had suicidal thoughts. 
Noah was prescribed a psychotropic 
drug and was sent on his way. He was not referred for suicide prevention; he was not offered counseling; and there was no follow-up from the VA. 
He went missing on May 4 and was 
found dead from an apparent suicide on May 12 of this year. As you can imag-ine, his family is devastated. They are asking a lot of serious questions. 
I had the opportunity to ask some of 
their questions on their behalf during a June 10 hearing by the Veterans’ Af-fairs Subcommittee on Oversight & In-vestigations. 
During the hearing, two top-level VA 
officials stated that they would person-ally look into the case and ‘‘make sure this family had been reached out to di-rectly.’’ 
However, a month after the hearing, 
no contact had been made, and my of-fice had to once again engage the VA on behalf of this grieving family. 
The VA has since stated that Noah 
should have been seen within 2 weeks of his medical appointment and that they are modifying their procedures to, hopefully, make sure this doesn’t hap-pen in the future. 
It should not take the death of a ma-
rine to get procedures right in regards to suicide prevention. We owe it to our veterans to get it right the first time. 
Hopefully, this Special Order and the 
added awareness of veteran suicide will help prevent another tragedy like Noah’s. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you, Congress-
man L
AMBORN , for your contribution 
this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, before we close this 
evening, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), my friend, 
who has been gracious to cohost our Special Orders this evening. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Yes. It was great. It 
was a wonderful Special Order this evening. 
I want to thank all of my colleagues 
who took the time to come down and talk about this serious issue that faces our country. 
Mr. L
AMBORN discusses a case of sui-
cide that he is very familiar with in his district. That story moves each and every one of us, and it is emblematic of the 22 suicides that occur every day amongst our veterans. There are stories as moving as this 
one and as tragic as this one as Mr. L
AMBORN brings up the fact that this 
patient was seen at the VA and was not helped at the VA. 
b1715 
We need to make sure that the Vet-
erans Administration and this adminis-tration puts our veterans not on the back burner as something that is ongo-ing, but make this a crisis. This is an emergency. 
This needs to be dealt with now not 
with reassurances from bureaucrats that it is all going to be better or ‘‘We are changing our policies.’’ They have been changing their policies for a long time and nothing has happened. This needs to be an emergency response. 
As friends and family members of our 
veterans and those serving our coun-try, there are some things that we can do. We can work to recognize the symp-toms that could indicate serious prob-lems and identify where and how to get assistance when we may need it. 
To all veterans struggling with 
whether to take your own life, know that there is no shame in asking for help. You are not broken, and God has not forgotten you. 
You have volunteered to go to war 
for us, and we have failed to provide you adequate support when you have returned home. That is changing. I beg you to reach out to your local VA, your veterans center, your veterans service organization, or your Congressman to ask for help. 
I mean, I had two calls today on my 
cell phone, which I give my number out freely, from veterans that did not get appropriate help at the VA, and I refer them to my staff to get the ball roll-ing, get moving. 
Together we can begin to turn the 
tide on veterans’ suicide. Everyone, though, can help fight this epidemic and be there for those that were there for us. 
I thank my colleague from Arizona 
(Ms. S
INEMA ) for closing this Special 
Order hour for us. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you so much, 
Congressman B ENISHEK . 
Before we close, we have one more 
person who has joined us. 
I yield to the gentleman from Colo-
rado (Mr. C OFFMAN ). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to voice my unrelenting support for our Nation’s veterans who are suf-fering, often silently, with depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, and profound emotional pain. It is abso-lutely vital that we, as a Nation, ad-dress the crisis of veteran suicide. 
As a Marine Corps combat veteran, I 
can tell you firsthand that returning home to civilian life can be a difficult transition. Many troops used to the constant daily support of their com-rades come home feeling isolated and alone. Many find themselves needing help that too often isn’t there. 
Some units are hit particularly hard, 
like the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, a group that saw intense 
combat in Afghanistan and has contin-ued to suffer casualties to suicide years after they have returned. 2nd Bat-talion, 7th Marines, has seen a suicide rate 14 times higher than that of all other Americans. 
It is essential that, when our men 
and women in uniform return to the ci-vilian world and need to reach out for help, somebody reaches back. 
We need to ensure that veterans get 
the mental health care they need, when they need it, not after waiting weeks or months for an appointment. 
We need to ensure that veterans who 
need medication get it and veterans who don’t need medication aren’t un-necessarily prescribed drugs with vola-tile side effects. 
We need to ensure that, when a vet-
eran calls the VA’s Veterans Crisis Line, somebody is available on the other end to listen. 
But I don’t believe this is a problem 
that begins and ends with the Depart-ment of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs. Veterans are in all of our communities, our schools, our places of worship, and our social clubs. All Americans should be willing to lend a hand when a veteran may be suf-fering silently. 
I share the sentiment expressed by 
VA Secretary McDonald earlier this year, and I know it is a statement in which my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would uniformly agree: ‘‘Los-ing just one veteran to suicide is one veteran too many.’’ 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker and Mem-
bers, before I close with the closing 
statements, I want to take a moment and honor and thank Congressman B
ENISHEK not just for the work he has 
done tonight or the work he has done on the Veterans Committee, but for the great work he has done in Congress for the last three terms. 
We are sad that you are retiring. We 
will miss you. But we have one more chance to do this Special Order again next year, and I look forward to that time. So thank you for your help and for your service. 
Congressman B
ENISHEK has not just 
been a partner to me in the work that we have been doing to help and support veterans, he has been a leader in the Veterans Committee and in his con-ference and in this House of Represent-atives. 
I know, when he leaves this body, he 
will continue to be a shining light for veterans around this country. Thank you, Congressman. 
I want to close with a story about a 
veteran in my district. We recently re-ceived a call from David, a constituent of mine who is an Army veteran and a survivor of two suicide attempts. 
David told us: My mind was plagued 
with feelings that my parents and sib-lings would be better off without me because of who I had become as a per-son. I felt savage and inhuman. No matter what good I did, I couldn’t face going back to a normal existence. I had never felt more alone in my life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.064 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6222 September 24, 2015 
Through much time and assistance 
from organizations like the Wounded Warrior Project and mental and phys-ical rehabilitation programs, David gained a new mission in life. He is help-ing his fellow veterans navigate a daunting system and reintegrate back into civilian life. 
David wants his fellow warriors to 
understand that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. 
His mission of supporting veterans 
led David to Rally Point, a Phoenix nonprofit veteran service organization working to assist veterans in crisis. 
Rally Point employs veterans like 
David who understand the unique needs of fellow veterans, servicemembers, and their families. These are the kinds of solutions we need to ensure that no veteran ever feels like he or she has no-where to turn. 
We have made some progress. In Feb-
ruary of this year, the President signed the Clay Hunt SAV Act into law, an important step toward improving men-tal health services for veterans and their families. 
This bipartisan legislation requires 
annual third-party evaluations of the VA’s mental healthcare and suicide prevention programs to determine which programs are successful and to recommend improvements. 
It also requires collaboration on sui-
cide prevention efforts between the VA and nonprofit mental health organiza-tions, and it establishes a pilot pro-gram using peer support and commu-nity outreach to assist veterans transi-tions from Active Duty. 
We cannot leave our heroes to fight 
their toughest battles alone. 
Thank you again to all of our col-
leagues who joined us this evening. Our thoughts are with all the families who have lost a loved one to suicide. Each of us can do something to raise aware-ness, to be that light for a struggling veteran in our community. 
Businesses can display signs to let 
veterans know that help is always available. Mental health professionals can volunteer with organizations like Give an Hour to provide free counseling to veterans and their families. We can all learn to recognize the signs of crisis by visiting veteranscrisisline.net and reaching out to the vets in our life. 
Here in Congress, we can do more. We 
need a VA that provides real and mean-ingful help to veterans in need that puts veterans first and works aggres-sively with community providers to improve the quality and accessibility of care. 
We need a VA that is transparent and 
open to restore the trust and credi-bility it has lost. We, who enjoy free-dom every day thanks to the sacrifices of our military servicemembers, must all step up to end the epidemic of vet-eran suicide. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: Mr. J ONES (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of personal rea-sons. 
Mr. H
UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of 
family reasons. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today and the balance of 
the week on account of a family event. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS  
FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , 
Washington, DC, September 24, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
The Speaker of the House, U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to 
clause 2(a)(2) of House Rule XI, I hearby sub-mit the Rules of the Committee on Small Business for publication in the Congressional Record. The Rules were adopted by the Com-mittee in its organizational meeting. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVE CHABOT , 
Chairman. 
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS  
The Rules of the House of Representatives, 
in total (but especially with respect to the operations of committees Rule X, cl. 1(q), cl. 2, cl. 3(l), and Rule XI) are the rules of the Committee on Small Business to the extent applicable and are incorporated by reference. Each Subcommittee of the Committee on Small Business (‘‘the Committee’’) is a part of the Committee and is subject to the au-thority and direction of the Committee, and to the rules of the House and the rules adopt-ed herein to the extent applicable. 
2. REFERRAL OF BILLS BY THE CHAIR  
The Chair will retain consideration of all 
legislation referred to the Committee by the Speaker. No action will be required of a Sub-committee before legislation is considered for report by the Committee. Subcommittee chairs, pursuant to the rules set out herein, may hold hearings on any bill referred to the Committee. 
3. DATE OF MEETING  
The regular meeting date of the Com-
mittee shall be the second Wednesday of every month when the House is in session. The Chair may dispense with the meeting of the Committee, if in the sole discretion of the Chair, there is no need for such meeting. Additional meetings may be called as deemed necessary by the Chair or at the re-quest of the majority Members of the Com-mittee pursuant to Rule XI, cl. 2(c) of the rules of the House. 
At least 3 days notice of such an additional 
meeting shall be given unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to call the meeting on less notice or upon a vote by a majority of the Committee (a quorum being present). To the extent pos-sible, the three days shall be counted from the 72 hours before the time of the meeting. Announcements of the meeting shall be pub-lished promptly in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
The determination of the business to be 
considered at each meeting shall be made by the Chair subject to limitations set forth in House Rule XI, cl. 2(c). 
The Chair shall provide to each Member of 
the Committee, to the extent practicable, at least 48 hours in advance of a meeting, a copy of the bill, resolution, report or other 
item to be considered at the meeting, but no later than 24 hours before the meeting. Such material also shall be made available to the public at least 24 hours in advance in elec-tronic form. 
The rules for notice and meetings as set 
forth in Rule 3 of these Rules shall not apply to special and emergency meetings. Clause 2(c)(2) of Rule XI and clause 2(g)(3)(A) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, as applica-ble, shall apply to such meetings. 
A record vote of the Committee shall be 
provided on any question before the Com-mittee upon the request of any Member of the Committee. A record of the vote of each Member of the Committee on a matter be-fore the Committee shall be available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote, and, with respect to any roll call vote on any motion to amend or report, shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those Members voting for and against. 
The Chair of the Committee shall, not 
later than 24 hours after consideration of a bill, resolution, report or other item cause the text of the reported item and any amend-ment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
4. ANNOUNCEMENT OF HEARINGS  
Public announcement of the date, place, 
and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted by the Committee shall be made no later than 7 calendar days before the com-mencement of the hearing. To the extent possible, the seven days shall be counted from 168 hours before the time of the Com-mittee’s hearing. 
The Chair, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, or upon a vote by the majority of the Committee (a quorum being present), may authorize a hearing to commence on less than 7 calendar days no-tice. 
A. Witness Lists 
Unless the Chair determines it is impracti-
cable to do so, the Committee shall make a tentative witness list available at the time it makes the public announcement of the hear-ing. If a tentative witness list is not made available at the time of the announcement of the hearing, such witness list shall be made available as soon as practicable after such announcement is made. A final witness list shall be issued by the Committee no later than 48 hours prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
B. Material for the Hearing 
The Chair shall provide to all Members of 
the Committee, as soon as practicable after the announcement of the hearing, a memo-randum explaining the subject matter of the hearing and any official reports from depart-ments and agencies on the subject matter of the hearing. Such material shall be made available to all Members of the Committee no later than 48 hours before the commence-ment of the hearing unless the Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determines that certain reports from departments or agencies should not be made available prior to the commencement 
of the hearing. Material provided by the Chair to all Members, whether provided prior to or at the hearing, shall be placed on the Committee website no later than 48 hours after the commencement of the hearing un-less such material contains sensitive or clas-sified information in which case such mate-rial shall be handled pursuant to Rule 15 of the Committee’s Rules. 
5. MEETINGS AND HEARINGS OPEN TO THE  
PUBLIC  
A. Meetings 
Each meeting of the Committee or its Sub-
committees for the transaction of business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24SE7.066 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6223 September 24, 2015 
including the markup of legislation, shall be 
open to the public, including to radio, tele-vision, and still photography coverage, ex-cept as provided by House Rule XI, cl. 4. If the majority of Members of the Committee or Subcommittee present at the meeting, de-termine by a recorded vote in open session that all or part of the remainder of the meet-ing on that day shall be closed to the public because the disclosure of matters to be con-sidered would endanger national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, de-grade, or incriminate any person or other-wise would violate any law or rule of the House; provided however , that no person other 
than Members of the Committee, and such congressional staff and such executive branch representatives they may authorize, shall be present in any meeting which has been closed to the public. 
The Chair and Ranking Minority Member 
are ex officio Members of all Subcommittees 
for the purpose of any meeting conducted by a Subcommittee. 
B. Hearings 
Each hearing conducted by the Committee 
or its Subcommittees shall be open to the public, including radio, television and still photography coverage. If the majority of Members of the Committee or Subcommittee present at the hearing, determine by a re-corded vote in open session, that all or part of the remainder of the hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because the dis-closure of matters to be considered would en-danger national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade, or incrimi-nate any person or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House; provided how-
ever, that the Committee or Subcommittee 
may by the same procedure also vote to close one subsequent day of hearings. Notwith-standing the requirements of the preceding sentence, a majority of those present (if the requisite number of Members are present under Committee rules for the purpose of taking testimony) may vote: (i) to close the hearing for the sole purpose of discussing whether the testimony or evidence to be re-ceived would endanger the national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or violate Rule XI, cl. 2(k)(5) of the House or (ii) to close the hearing, as pro-vided clause 2(k)(5) of Rule XI of the House. 
The Chair and Ranking Minority Member 
are ex officio Members of all Subcommittees 
for any hearing conducted by a Sub-committee. Members of the Committee who wish to participate in a hearing of the Sub-committee to which they are not Members shall make such request to the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member of the Sub-committee at the commencement of the hearing. The Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Sub-committee, shall grant such request. 
No Member of the House may be excluded 
from non-participatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or any Sub-committee, unless the House of Representa-tives shall by majority vote authorize the Committee or Subcommittees, for purposes of a particular subject of investigation, to close its hearing to Members by the same procedures designated to close hearings to the public. 
Members of Congress who are not Members 
of the Committee but would like to partici-pate in a hearing shall notify the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member and submit a formal request no later than 24 hours before the commencement of the meeting or hear-ing. 
To the maximum extent practicable, the 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen and view the proceedings and shall maintain the record-ings of such coverage in a manner easily ac-cessible to the public. 
6. WITNESSES  
A. Statement of Witnesses 
Each witness who is to appear before the 
Committee or Subcommittee shall file an electronic copy of the testimony with the Committee and the Ranking Minority Mem-ber no later than 48 hours before the com-mencement of the hearing. In addition, the witness shall provide 25 copies of the testi-mony by the commencement of the hearing. The Chair may waive the requirement by the witness providing 25 copies in which case the Committee or Subcommittee shall provide the 25 copies. 
Each non-governmental witness shall pro-
vide to the Committee and the Ranking Mi-nority Member, no later than 48 hours before the commencement of the hearing, a cur-riculum vitae or other statement describing their education, employment, professional affiliation or other background information pertinent to their testimony. 
As required by Rule XI, cl. 2(g) of the Rules 
of the House, each non-governmental witness before the commencement of the hearing shall file with the Chair a disclosure form de-tailing any contracts or grants that the wit-ness has with the federal government. Such information shall be posted on the Com-mittee website within 24 hours after the wit-ness appeared at the hearing. 
The failure to provide the materials set 
forth by the deadlines set forth in these rules may be grounds for excluding both the oral and written testimony of the witness unless waived by the Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
The Committee will provide public access 
to printed materials, including the testi-mony of witnesses in electronic form on the Committee’s website no later than 24 hours after the hearing is adjourned. Supplemental material provided after the hearing adjourns, shall be placed on the Committee website no later than 24 hours after receipt of such ma-terial. 
B. Number of Witnesses and Witnesses Selected 
by the Minority 
For any hearing conducted by the Com-
mittee or Subcommittee there shall be no more than four non-governmental witnesses of which the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee (as appro-priate) is entitled to select one witness for the hearing. Witnesses selected by the Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee shall be invited to testify by the Chair of the Committee or Sub-committee (as appropriate). Rule 6(A) shall apply with equal force to witnesses selected by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
The limitations set forth in the preceding 
paragraph shall not apply if the Committee holds a hearing to honor the work of the small business community in conjunction with the annual celebration of Small Busi-ness Week. Witness limitations for such a hearing shall be determined by the Chair in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
C. Interrogation of Witnesses 
Except when the Committee adopts a mo-
tion pursuant to subdivisions (B) and (C) of clause 2(i)(2) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, Committee Members may question witnesses only when they have been recog-nized by the Chair for that purpose. Members shall have the opportunity, as set forth in Rule XI, cl. 2(j) of the Rules of the House, to question each witness on the panel for a pe-
riod not to exceed five minutes. For any hearing, the Chair of the Committee or Sub-committee may offer a motion to extend the questioning of a witness or witnesses by the Member identified in the motion for more than five minutes as set forth in Rule XI, cl. 2(j)(B). 
The Chair of the Committee or Sub-
committee shall commence questioning fol-lowed by the Ranking Minority Member. Thereafter, questioning shall alternate be-tween the majority and minority Members in order of their arrival at the hearing after the gavel has been struck to commence the hear-ing with the first arriving having priority over Members of his or her party. If Members arrive simultaneously or are there prior to the gavel being struck to commence the hearing, order of questioning shall be based on seniority. 
In recognizing Members to question wit-
nesses, the Chair may take into consider-ation the ratio of majority and minority Members present in such a manner as to not disadvantage the Members of either party. 
7. SUBPOENAS  
A subpoena may be authorized and issued 
by the Committee in the conduct of any in-vestigation or series of investigations or ac-tivities to require the attendance and testi-mony of such witness and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memo-randa, papers and document, as deemed nec-essary. Such subpoena shall be authorized by a majority of the full Committee. The re-quirement that the authorization of a sub-poena require a majority vote may be waived by the Ranking Member of the Committee. The Chair may issue a subpoena, in consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, when the House is out for session for more than three legislative days. 
8. QUORUM  
A quorum, for purposes of reporting a 
measure or recommendation, shall be a ma-jority of the Committee Members. For pur-poses of taking testimony or receiving evi-dence, a quorum shall be one Member from the Majority and one Member from the Mi-nority. The Chair of the Committee or Sub-committee shall exercise reasonable comity by waiting for the Ranking Minority Mem-ber even if a quorum is present before strik-ing the gavel to commence the hearing. For hearings held by the Committee or a Sub-committee in a location other than the Com-mittee’s hearing room in Washington, DC, a quorum shall be deemed to present if the Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee is present. 
9. AMENDMENTS DURING MARK -UP 
Any amendment offered to any pending 
legislation before the Committee must be made available in written form by any Mem-
ber of the Committee. If such amendment is not available in written form when re-quested, the Chair shall allow an appropriate period for the provision thereof and may ad-journ the markup to provide sufficient time for the provision of such written amend-ment. Such period or adjournment shall not prejudice the offering of such amendment. 
For amendments to be accepted during 
mark-up, there is no requirement that the amendments be filed prior to commencement of the mark-up or prepared with the assist-ance of the Office of Legislative Counsel. Even though it is not necessary, Members seeking to amend legislation during mark-up should draft amendments with the assistance of the Office of Legislative Counsel and con-sult with the Chair or Ranking Member’s staff (as appropriate) in the preparation of such amendments. 
10. POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS  
The Chair in consultation with the Rank-
ing Minority Member may postpone further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.019 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6224 September 24, 2015 
proceedings when a record vote is ordered on 
the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume postponed proceedings, but no later than 24 hours after such post-ponement, unless the House is not in session or there are conflicts with Member schedules that make it unlikely a quorum will be present to conduct business on the postponed proceeding. In such cases, the Chair will con-sult with Members to set a time as early as possible to resume proceedings but in no event later than the next meeting date as set forth in Rule 3 of these Rules. When pro-ceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying propo-sition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
11. NUMBER AND JURISDICTION OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  
There will be five Subcommittees as fol-
lows: 
The Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy 
and Trade 
This Subcommittee (which will consist of 
six (6) Republican Members and four (4) Democratic Members) will address policies that enhance rural economic growth, in-creasing America’s energy independence and ensuring that America’s small businesses can compete effectively in a global market-place. 
Oversight of agricultural policies. Oversight of environmental issues and reg-
ulations (including agencies such as the En-vironmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers). 
Oversight of energy issues, including ex-
pansion of domestic resources whether they are renewable or non-renewable. 
Oversight of international trade policy 
with particular emphasis on agencies that provide direct assistance to small businesses, such as: the Small Business Administration’s (SBA) Office of International Trade, the De-partment of Commerce’s United States Ex-port Assistance Centers, the Department of Agriculture’s Foreign Agricultural Service, and the Export-Import Bank. 
Oversight of infringement of intellectual 
property rights by foreign competition. 
The Subcommittee on Health and 
Technology 
This Subcommittee (which will consist of 
six (6) Republican Members and four (4) Democratic Members) will address how health care policies may inhibit or promote economic growth and job creation by small businesses. In addition, the Subcommittee will examine small business job growth through the creation and adoption of ad-vanced technologies. 
Oversight of the implementation of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Oversight of availability and affordability 
of health care coverage for small businesses. 
Oversight of general technology issues, in-
cluding intellectual property policy in the United States. 
Oversight of United States telecommuni-
cations policies including, but not limited to, the National Broadband Plan and alloca-tion of electromagnetic spectrum 
The Small Business Innovation Research 
Program. 
Small Business Technology Transfer Pro-
gram. 
The Subcommittee on Economic Growth, 
Tax and Capital Access 
This Subcommittee (which will consist of 
six (6) Republican Members and four (4) Democratic Members) will evaluate the oper-ation of the financial markets in the United States and their ability to provide needed capital to small businesses. In addition, the 
Subcommittee will review federal programs, especially those overseen by the SBA, aimed at assisting entrepreneurs in obtaining need-ed capital. Since the tax policy plays an in-tegral role in access to capital, this Com-mittee also will examine the impact of fed-eral tax policies on small businesses. 
Oversight of capital access and financial 
markets. 
Implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
SBA financial assistance programs, includ-
ing guaranteed loans, microloans, certified development company loans, and small busi-ness investment companies. 
Oversight of the Department of Agri-
culture business and industry guaranteed loan program. 
Oversight of general tax policy affecting 
small businesses. 
The management of the SBA disaster loan 
program. 
The Subcommittee on Investigations, 
Oversight and Regulations 
This Subcommittee (which will consist of 
six (6) Republican Members and four (4) Democratic Members) will probe the effi-cient operation of government programs that affect small businesses, including the SBA, and develop proposals to make them operate in a more cost-effective manner. This Sub-committee also will review the regulatory burdens imposed on small businesses and how those burdens may be alleviated. 
Oversight of general issues affecting small 
businesses and federal agencies. 
Oversight of the management of the SBA. Oversight of the SBA Inspector General. Implementation of the Regulatory Flexi-
bility Act. 
Oversight of the Office of Information and 
Regulatory Affairs at the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
Use of the Congressional Review Act. Transparency of the federal rulemaking 
process as required by the Administrative Procedure and Data Quality Acts. 
Implementation of the Paperwork Reduc-
tion Act. 
The Subcommittee on Contracting and 
Workforce 
This Subcommittee (which will consist of 
six (6) Republican Members and four (4) Democratic Members) will assess the federal procurement system, including those pro-grams designed specifically to enhance par-ticipation by small businesses in providing goods and services to the federal govern-ment. The Subcommittee will examine var-ious programs designed to provide technical assistance to small businesses, whether spe-cifically aimed at federal contractors or small businesses in general. Finally, the Subcommittee will review the broad scope of workforce issues that affect the ability of small businesses to obtain and maintain qualified employees. 
Oversight of government-wide procure-
ment practices and programs affecting small businesses. 
Oversight of federal procurement policies 
that inhibit or expand participation by small businesses in the federal contracting mar-ketplace. 
All contracting programs established by 
the Small Business Act, including HUBZone, 8(a), Women-, and Service Disabled Veteran- Owned Small Business Programs. 
Technical assistance provided to federal 
contractors and perspective contractors through SBA personnel, Offices of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization, and Pro-curement Technical Assistance Centers. 
The SBA Surety Bond guarantee program. Oversight of all federal policies that affect 
the workforce including, but not limited to, the roles of the Department of Labor and the 
National Labor Relations Board. 
SBA entrepreneurial development and 
technical assistance programs unrelated to participation in the federal government con-tracting. 
12. POWERS AND DUTIES OF SUBCOMMITTEES  
Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Conunittee on any matters referred to it. Prior to the scheduling of any meeting or hearing of a Subcommittee, the Chair of the Subcommittee shall obtain the approval of the Chair of the Committee. 
No hearing or meeting of a Subcommittee 
shall take place at the same time as the meeting or hearing of the full Committee or another Subcommittee, provided however , 
that the Subcommittee Chairs may hold field hearings that conflict with those held by other Subcommittees of the Committee. 
13. COMMITTEE STAFF  
A. Majority Staff 
The employees of the Committee, except 
those assigned to the Minority as provided below, shall be appointed and assigned, and may be removed by the Chair of the Com-mittee. The Chair shall fix their remunera-tion and they shall be under the general su-pervision and direction of the Chair. 
B. Minority Staff 
The employees of the Committee assigned 
to the Minority shall be appointed and as-signed, and their remuneration determined, as the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall decide. 
C. Subcommittee Staff 
There shall be no separate staff assigned to 
Subcommittees. The Chair and Ranking Member shall endeavor to ensure that suffi-cient committee staff is made available in order that each Subcommittee may carry out the responsibilities set forth in Rule 11, supra . 
14. RECORDS  
The Committee shall keep a complete 
record of all actions, which shall include a record of the votes on any question on which a recorded vote is demanded. The result of any vote by the Committee, or if applicable by a Subcommittee, including a voice vote shall be posted on the Committee’s website within 24 hours after the vote has been taken. Such record shall include a descrip-tion of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of the Member voting for and against such amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition, and the names of Members present but not voting. For any amendment, motion, order, or other proposition decided by voice vote, the record shall include a description and whether the voice vote was in favor or against. 
The Committee shall keep a complete 
record of all Committee and Subcommittee activity which, in the case of a meeting or hearing transcript shall include a substan-tially verbatim account of the remarks actu-ally made during the proceedings subject only to technical, grammatical, and typo-graphical corrections authorized by the per-son making the remarks. 
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chair of the Committee shall notify the Ranking Member of the Committee of any decision, pursuant to Rule VII, cl. 3(b)(3) or cl. 4(b), to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Com-mittee for a determination of the written re-quest of any Member of the Committee. 
The Committee Rules shall be made pub-
licly available in electronic form and pub-lished in the Congressional Record not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.020 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6225 September 24, 2015 
than 30 days after the Chair of the Com-
mittee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
15. ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED OR SENSITIVE  
INFORMATION  
Access to classified or sensitive informa-
tion supplied to the Committee or Sub-committees and attendance at closed ses-sions of the Committee or a Subcommittee shall be limited to Members and necessary Committee staff and stenographic reporters who have appropriate security clearance when the Chair determines that such access or attendance is essential to the functioning of the Committee or one of its Subcommit-tees. 
The procedures to be followed in granting 
access to those hearings, records, data, charts, and files of the Committee which in-volve classified information or information deemed to be sensitive shall be as follows: 
(A) Only Members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and specifically designated Committee staff of the Committee on Small Business may have access to such informa-tion. 
(B) Members who desire to read materials 
that are in possession of the Committee shall notify the Clerk of the Committee in writ-ing. 
(C) The Clerk of the Committee will main-
tain an accurate access log, which identifies the circumstances surrounding access to the information, without revealing the material examined. 
(D) If the material desired to be reviewed is 
material which the Committee or Sub-committee deems to be sensitive enough to require special handling, before receiving ac-cess to such information, individuals will be required to sign an access information sheet acknowledging such access and that the indi-vidual has read and understands the proce-dures under which access is being granted. 
(E) Material provided for review under this 
rule shall not be removed from a specified room within the Committee offices. 
(F) Individuals reviewing materials under 
this rule shall make certain that the mate-rials are returned to the proper custodian. 
(G) No reproductions or recordings may be 
made of any portion of such materials. 
(H) The contents of such information shall 
not be divulged to any person in any way, form, shape, or manner and shall not be dis-cussed with any person who has not received the information in the manner authorized by the rules of the Committee. 
(I) When not being examined in the manner 
described herein, such information will be kept in secure safes or locked file cabinets within the Committee offices. 
(J) These procedures only address access to 
information the Committee or Sub-committee deems to be sensitive enough to require special treatment. 
(K) If a Member of the House of Represent-
atives believes that certain sensitive infor-mation should not be restricted as to dis-semination or use, the Member may petition the Committee or Subcommittee to so rule. With respect to information and materials provided to the Committee by the Executive Branch or an independent agency as that term is defined in 44 U.S.C. §3502, the classi-fication of information and materials as de-termined by the Executive Branch or inde-pendent agency shall prevail unless affirma-tively changed by the Committee or Sub-committee involved, after consultation with the Executive Branch or independent agency. 
(L) Other materials in the possession of the 
Committee are to be handled in the accord-ance with normal practices and traditions of the Committee. 
16. OTHER PROCEDURES  
The Chair of the Committee may establish 
such other procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the fore-
going rules or to facilitate the effective oper-ation of the Committee. 
17. AMENDMENTS TO COMMITTEE RULES  
The rules of the Committee may be modi-
fied, amended or repealed by a majority vote of the Members, at a meeting specifically called for such purpose, but only if written notice of the proposed change or changes has been provided to each Member of the Com-mittee at least 72 hours prior to the time of the meeting of the Committee to consider such change or changes. 
18. BUDGET AND TRAVEL  
From the amount provided to the Com-
mittee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives in the 113th Congress, the Chair, after consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, shall designate one-third of the budget under the direction of the Ranking Minority Mem-ber for the purposes of minority staff, travel expenses of minority staff and Members, and minority office expenses. 
The Chair may authorize travel in connec-
tion with activities or subject matters under the legislative or oversight jurisdiction of the Committee as set forth in Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
The Ranking Minority Member may au-
thorize travel for any Minority Member or staff of the minority in connection with ac-tivities or subject matters under the Com-mittee’s jurisdiction as set forth in Rule X of the Rules of the House. Before such travel, there shall be submitted to the Chair of the Committee in writing the following at least seven (7) calendar days prior specifying: a) the purpose of the travel; b) the dates during which the travel is to occur; c) the names of the states or countries to be visited and the length of time spent in each; and d) the names of Members and staff of the Com-mittee participating in such travel. Prior ap-proval shall not be required of Minority Staff traveling to participate in a deposition, au-thorized by the Chair in rule 16 of these Rules of an individual located outside of the Washington, DC metropolitan area. 
19. COMMITTEE WEBSITE  
The Chair shall maintain an official Com-
mittee website for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight re-sponsibilities, including communicating in-formation about Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating informa-tion about the activities of the Minority to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
20. VICE CHAIR  
Pursuant to the Rules of the House, the 
Chair shall designate a Member of the Major-ity to serve as Vice Chair of the Committee. The Vice Chair shall preside at any meeting or hearing during the temporary absence of the Chair. The Chair also reserves the right to designate a Member of the Committee Ma-jority to serve as the Chair at a hearing or meeting. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-
form; in addition, to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce; and to the Committee on Armed Services for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 1632. An act to require a regional strat-
egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; in addition, to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 5 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, September 25, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2921. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Blueberry Pro-motion, Research and Information Order; Ex-panding the Membership of the U.S. Highbush Blueberry Council and Other Changes [Document Number: AMS-FV-14- 0089] received September 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
2922. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s interim rule — Onions Grown in Certain Designated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon; Decreased Assess-ment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-15-0027; FV15- 958-1 IR] received September 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2923. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Apricots Grown in Designated Counties in Washington; De-creased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS- FV-15-0033; FV15-922-1 IR] received Sep-tember 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2924. A letter from the Director, Issuances 
Staff, Office of Policy and Program Develop-ment, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Eligibility of Lithuania to Export Meat and Meat Prod-ucts to the United States [Docket No.: FSIS- 2014-0040] (RIN: 0583-AD57) received Sep-tember 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2925. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in South-eastern States; Suspension of Marketing Order Provisions [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0011; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.021 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6226 September 24, 2015 
FV14-953-1 FIR] received September 24, 2015, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2926. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of admiral on the re-tired list, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2927. A letter from the Acting PRAO 
Branch Chief, Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, Food and Nutrition Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP): Agricultural Act of 2014 Nondis-cretionary Provisions (RIN: 0584-AE48) re-ceived September 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2928. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0141; FRL- 9933-03] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2929. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acibenzolar-S-methyl; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0840; FRL-9933-27] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2930. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPA-HQ-SFUND-2015-0136, 0137, 0138, 0140, and 0141; FRL-9934-75-OSWER] received Sep-tember 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2931. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Hampshire; Nonattainment New Source Re-view and Prevention of Significant Deterio-ration Program [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0796; EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0862; A-1-FRL-9933-92-Re-gion 1] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2932. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants; Missouri; Control of Mercury Emissions from Electric Generating Units [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0427; FRL-9934-68- Region 7] received September 22, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2933. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Florida; Combs Oil Company Variance [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0133; FRL-9934-72-Region 4] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2934. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Mississippi: Mis-cellaneous Changes [EPA-R04-OAR-2013-0163; FRL-9934-73-Region 4] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2935. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Hazardous Waste Management System; Identification and Listing of Hazardous Waste [EPA-R07-RCRA- 2014-0452; FRL-9934-78-Region 7] received Sep-tember 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2936. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; CO; Re-vised format for Material Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R08-OAR-2015-0149; FRL- 9931-73-Region 8] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2937. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Memorandum of Justification for a drawdown in defense articles and serv-ices of the Department of Defense, and mili-tary education and training, to support Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria in their efforts to counter Boko Haram, in accordance with Sec. 506(a)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2938. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia, as required by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pur-suant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2939. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Fringe Benefits Aircraft Valuation Formula (Rev. Rul. 2015-20) received Sep-tember 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2940. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Per Capita Distributions of Funds Held in Trust by the Secretary of the Inte-rior [Notice 2015-67] [IRB 2015-41] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2941. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Information Reporting on Minimum Essential Coverage [Notice 2015-68] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2942. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015-2016 Special Per Diem Rates [No-tice 2015-63] received September 22, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2943. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — October 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-21) received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2944. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Investments Made for Charitable Pur-poses [Notice 2015-62] [IRB 2015-39] received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2945. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 168(k)(2) and (4) and section 179(f) Extenders Guidance Pursuant to TIPA (Rev. Proc. 2015-48) received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2946. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update for Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-61] received September 22, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2947. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Reorganizations Under Section 368(a)(1)(F); Section 367(a) and Certain Reor-ganizations Under Section 368(a)(1)(F) [TD 9739] (RIN: 1545-BF51; 1545-BM78) received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2948. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and temporary regulations — Divi-dend Equivalents from Sources within the United States [TD 9734] (RIN: 1545-BJ56) re-ceived September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1613. A bill to reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encour-aging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–266). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-
self and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 3594. A bill to extend temporarily the 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24SE7.000 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6227 September 24, 2015 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 3595. A bill to extend the authoriza-
tion to carry out the replacement of the ex-isting medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 3596. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ADERHOLT (for himself, Mr. 
L
IPINSKI , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, 
and Mr. B YRNE ): 
H.R. 3597. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow States to deter-mine if providers are qualified under Med-icaid State plans to perform services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and 
Mr. K
INGof New York): 
H.R. 3598. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partner-ship between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: 
H.R. 3599. A bill to take certain Federal 
lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. HOLDING (for himself and Mr. 
R
OSKAM ): 
H.R. 3600. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to limit the instances in which official time may be granted to employees of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. C
ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 3601. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. D EGETTE ): 
H.R. 3602. A bill to provide compensation 
to injured persons relating to the Gold King Mine spill, to amend the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to address mining-re-lated issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3603. A bill to grant a Federal charter 
to the National American Indian Veterans, Incorporated; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3604. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to assist States to establish or expand universal prekindergarten in public schools and public charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 3605. A bill to establish humane prac-
tices for the repatriation of aliens at the bor-der, establish effective standards for the treatment of certain aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 3606. A bill to provide for enhanced 
protections for vulnerable unaccompanied alien children and female detainees; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, and Appropriations, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SABLAN (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , and Ms. P LASKETT ): 
H.R. 3607. A bill to increase from 10 to 15 
years the term of office of the judges of the district courts of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. 
R
ENACCI , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , and Mr. P OMPEO ): 
H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 exempt amounts paid for aircraft management services from the ex-cise taxes imposed on transportation by air; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 3609. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modify requirements for payment under the Medicare program for ambulance services furnished by critical ac-cess hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H. Res. 434. A resolution providing for the 
concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. 
H
UNTER ): 
H. Res. 435. A resolution recognizing the 
persecution of religious and ethnic minori-ties, especially Christians and Yezidis, by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, also known as Daesh, and calling for the im-mediate prioritization of accepting refugees from such communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H. Res. 436. A resolution honoring the vic-
tims of the Cambodian genocide that took place from April 1975 to January 1979; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. 
COHEN ): 
H. Res. 437. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. 
S
INEMA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H. Res. 438. A resolution supporting the 
designation of a week as National Federal Nurse Recognition Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H. Res. 439. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of October 2, 2015, as ‘‘World MRSA Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. S
HER-
MAN, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
VARGAS , and Mr. D ENHAM ): 
H. Res. 440. A resolution calling for urgent 
international action on behalf of Iraqi and Syrian civilians facing a dire humanitarian crisis and severe persecution because of their faith or ethnicity in the Nineveh Plain re-gion of Iraq and Khabor, Kobane, and Aleppo regions of Syria; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
138. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Senate of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to Senate Resolution No. 82, urging the United States Congress to preserve full fund-ing and support for the United States De-partment of Defense STARBASE youth science and technology program; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: 
H.R. 3594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 3595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 3596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ADERHOLT: 
H.R. 3597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to * * * 
provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24SE7.100 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6228 September 24, 2015 
the Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 3598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: 
H.R. 3599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other property be-longing to the United States. 
By Mr. HOLDING: 
H.R. 3600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To [. . .] make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 3601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 3602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 3605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 3606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 3607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article IV, section 3, clause 2 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 3608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 3609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII Clause I The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United 
States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 317: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 320: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 343: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 540: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 592: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 676: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 814: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 822: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 842: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
WALZ, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 865: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
BABIN. 
H.R. 879: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. F LORES , 
and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 918: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 957: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 969: Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
RUIZ. 
H.R. 985: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. C LAY, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1076: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1120: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. S INEMA , 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1139: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. K AP-
TUR. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
BABIN, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1188: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. R OSS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1221: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas and Mr. 
YARMUTH . 
H.R. 1286: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. M ESSER , 
and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1301: Mrs. N OEM and Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1321: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1384: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1398: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. O’R OURKE , 
H.R. 1442: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 1503: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1516: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1522: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Ms. G RA-
HAM. 
H.R. 1568: Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1624: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 1706: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1752: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1887: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2023: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Ms. G RAHAM , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. B ERAand Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2090: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2114: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2121: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 2123: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 2205: Ms. K APTUR and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2278: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 2280: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2295: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2328: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 2408: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2430: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. A SHFORD , 
and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2515: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2555: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2566: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 2646: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
and Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2759: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
FARR, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 2848: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2876: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2877: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2918: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 2923: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 2940: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2991: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
BUCSHON . 
H.R. 3029: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 3061: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. 
TAKANO . 
H.R. 3065: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 3119: Mr. K EATING , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3135: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 3150: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. R OSSand Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3193: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
and Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3294: Ms. M CSALLY and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 3295: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3297: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3302: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 3309: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. 
LOVE, and Mr. A SHFORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.025 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6229 September 24, 2015 
H.R. 3326: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
WITTMAN , and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 3340: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3343: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , and 
Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3361: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 3364: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 3389: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 3396: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3421: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3423: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3429: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 3457: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
BUCSHON . 
H.R. 3472: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 3487: Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3493: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3495: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 3512: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Ms. F OXX, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3532: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 3537: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CUELLAR , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 3549: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 3562: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3564: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3566: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3567: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 3572: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 3584: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P AYNE , 
and Ms. H AHN. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. J ONES , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E STY, and 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 218: Mr. Y OHO. 
H. Res. 268: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Res. 290: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H. Res. 378: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H. Res. 394: Mr. W ALZand Mr. F ARR. 
H. Res. 400: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 417: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H. Res. 419: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA and 
Ms. E STY. 
H. Res. 423: Mr. C OOK, Mr. P EARCE , and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas. 
H. Res. 431: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE7.031 H24SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6909 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015 No. 138 
Senate 
The Senate met at 1 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, the source of all wis-
dom, thank You for the reminder at to-day’s joint meeting of Congress that we should practice the Golden Rule. May this marvelous rule inspire our law-makers to do unto others as they would have others do to them, bringing more civility and cooperation into our legis-lative process. May our Senators see their legislative vocation as an oppor-tunity to do good for all people, defend-ing and preserving the dignity of hu-manity as they learn to seek Your image, even for the most vulnerable in our world. May the Golden Rule moti-vate our lawmakers to reduce violence in our world, to give hope to those trapped in cycles of poverty, and to build bridges to overcome historic dif-ferences. Lord, help us all to seize this moment in history to serve Your pur-poses for our lives, leaving the world better than we found it. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today Mem-
bers of Congress from both Houses were honored to attend a joint meeting of 
Congress and receive an address from His Holiness Pope Francis, the 266th Pope of the Catholic Church. 
The Holy Father’s visit to address a 
joint meeting was made possible by the foresight and efforts of Speaker J
OHN 
BOEHNER , as well as the hard work and 
dedication of the House and the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the entire con-gressional community. Everything worked out just fine. Pope Francis cap-tured the heart and consciousness of the world with his message of love, compassion, respect, and good will to all. 
Sitting and listening to the speaker 
of the day, His Holiness Pope Francis, I am told this is the longest he has ever spoken at one time in English. He spoke slowly, and we had to listen very closely. So I went back and got a copy of the speech so I could read in my own slow way what he had said. A few things he said were really stunning. ‘‘You are called’’—he is talking to us— ‘‘to defend and preserve the dignity of your fellow citizens in the tireless and demanding pursuit of the common good, for this is the chief aim of all politics.’’ Gee, that is good. 
He said that he wanted to enter into 
a dialogue with the many ‘‘elderly per-sons who are a storehouse of wisdom forged by experience.’’ 
He said: 
A delicate balance is required to combat 
violence perpetrated in the name of religion, an ideology or an economic system, while also safeguarding religious freedom, intellec-
tual freedom and individual freedoms. . . . We know that in the attempt to be freed of the enemy without, we can be tempted to feed the enemy within. 
These are visionary words. 
He said that ‘‘the voice of faith’’ 
needs to ‘‘continue to be heard, for it is a voice of fraternity and love,’’ which brings out the best in each society. We need more people speaking out just as he did about the importance of faith. 
He said: 
If politics must truly be at the service of 
the human person, it follows that it cannot be a slave to the economy and finance. . . . 
We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners. 
Now, I am not taking this line by 
line. I am just skipping through some 
things that stuck out in my mind. 
If we want security, let us give security; if 
we want life, let us give life; if we want op-portunities, let us provide opportunities. . . . Why are deadly weapons being sold to those who plan to inflict untold suffering on indi-viduals and society. 
He said, ‘‘Fundamental relationships 
are being called into question, as is the very basis of . . . the family.’’ 
I was so impressed with the intent of 
his remarks. I thought he did an ex-tremely good job, and I am very happy that I had the opportunity to be there and listen. I admire the conviction and heart of His Holiness because it brings every effort of what we do, I think, to the forefront of what we try to do, to live up to what he suggests we should do. He inspired me, I hope all of us, with his commitment to compassion and consideration for the less fortu-nate. 
I am certain this should come as a 
shock to no one, given his humble be-ginnings. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, to immigrant parents. Pope Francis worked as a janitor, a bouncer, a lab assistant for a chemist before he started his seminary education. Since the beginning of his papacy, Pope Francis has committed to addressing the needs of the poor, extending mercy to those in need, and restoring joy to the world. 
Pope Francis was once asked about 
his view of the church. He said that he viewed the church as ‘‘a field hospital after battle.’’ His unique approach to leading the world’s 1.2 billion Catholics has captured the attention of billions, Catholic and non-Catholic alike, in-spiring us all to live up to our highest values. 
I was forced to remember today my 
mentor from my high school days to my time in Congress, who became the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.000 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6910 September 24, 2015 
Governor of Nevada. We ran inde-
pendent of one another. We wound up being Governor and Lieutenant Gov-ernor. He was a devout Catholic. The values he instilled in me stemmed from his faith. He was the most honest man I ever met. He was a devout Catholic, as I indicated. He went to mass vir-tually every day. 
He died—every place he went, it was 
early. He got to morning mass, 7 o’clock mass, early. It had not started. The priest had not come out yet. He put his head on his shoulder and died. He was such a good man. Those of us who knew him—and so many people knew him—know that he would have enjoyed living in a time where His Ho-liness is known not just for his influ-ence, knowledge, and righteousness but for his good deeds and kindness to those in need. My friend Mike O’Callaghan had a lot of those same traits. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in just 6 
days, the government will shut down unless we figure out some way to fund it. We know how it should be funded. But instead of voting today on a bipar-tisan way forward, we will still have another failed vote, even though the Senate has already spoken on this issue. Instead of using the Senate’s pre-cious time to avoid a shutdown, Repub-licans are causing us to move forward on another squandered vote. 
Republicans should abandon their 
commitment to fruitless votes and pass a clean funding bill to keep the govern-ment open. As reported in the press, there is a conversation going on now with the White House and with the House and Senate leaders to have fund-ing until the end of the year, not for a few weeks, not for a few months. I think we have done our part over on this side of the aisle. We commu-nicated our priorities and tried to sit down at the negotiating table, ready to keep the government open. 
Inserting into this debate a meaning-
less, losing attack on women is just a waste of time, but they have decided— they the Republicans have decided— once again to place partisan, ideolog-ical agendas over the well-being of the Nation. To drag this partisan attack on any further when we are facing a gov-ernment shutdown is not responsible. The Republicans should change their tactics. When Republicans gained con-trol of the Senate, we were told that there would be no government shut-downs. But do we need the fear of a government shutdown? Shutting down is bad, the threat of a shutdown is not good, but here we stand, days before funding for the government expires, wasting time on publicity stunts. 
Every moment Republicans squander 
on pointless votes brings us closer to an unfunded Federal Government. Wasting time also leads to a void for shutdown advocates. Just last night, all over the news, it was reported that the junior Senator from Texas is going 
to extreme lengths to undermine the complete funding of our government. He is circulating a letter seeking sup-port for a failed strategy that can only have one outcome: a government shut-down. 
I would hope my Republican col-
leagues will not join in that, not for a minute, not for any period of time. I say to my friends from the other side of the aisle: Stop this brinksmanship. Instead, work with Democrats to en-sure we have an open, funded govern-ment serving the American people. 
I see there are Senators on the floor. 
Would the Presiding Officer be good enough to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.J. Res. 61, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) amendment No. 
2669, making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
McConnell amendment No. 2670 (to amend-
ment No. 2669), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2671 (to amend-
ment No. 2670), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2672 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2669), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2673 (to amend-
ment No. 2672), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to commit the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2674, to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2675 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2674), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2676 (to amend-
ment No. 2675), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2 p.m. will be equally divided between the leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Utah. 
REMEMBERING ELDER RICHARD G . SCOTT  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Elder Richard G. Scott, a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, who passed away September 22, 2015, at the age of 86. 
Richard G. Scott had the razor-sharp 
mind of an engineer, fused with the tender softness of a disciple’s soul. A graduate of George Washington 
University in mechanical engineering, who did post-graduate training in nu-clear engineering, he had a brilliant mind with an uncanny capacity for for-mulas, projections, and calculations. Yet he became known throughout the world for an enormous heart with an equally uncanny capacity to love and to have empathy for people from every walk of life. 
Elder Scott’s gentle voice invited all 
who had lost their way, who had given up hope or had wandered far to come home, home to the faith, family, and community that would bring them real peace and lasting, genuine joy. 
Countless individuals around the 
world heard his invitation to come home and rightly felt that he was talk-ing directly to them. Ever in search of the one who was lost—Elder Scott’s words and witness of Jesus Christ served as the lower lights upon the shore to gently guide many a wanderer home. 
Elder Scott had an extraordinary 
depth of empathy, particularly for those who silently suffered and anx-iously sought for relief, redemption, and renewal in the midst of life’s storms. He, himself, was a man ac-quainted with grief, having lost two young children and later his wife Jeanene to untimely deaths. He also seemed to intimately understand the feelings of deep discouragement, over-whelming uncertainty, as well as the crushing avalanche of personal inad-equacy that can descend upon the human soul during difficult days and trying times. Yet he continually stood as a beacon of hope to those who strug-gled because he knew with an absolute certainty to what source we should look for strength and security during such days and at such times. 
His complete love for and belief in 
the divine potential of each and every soul led him to speak plainly, power-fully, and often with tender, heartfelt, personal feelings. He urged the strug-gling as well as the faithful to cast aside any behavior, habit or belief that weighed them down or kept them from living up to their full potential. Mem-bers of the LDS Church all around the world often felt, as they watched him speak, that he was not only speaking specifically to them but also that he was looking straight into their souls. In truth, he was just speaking with such love, empathy, and genuine com-passion that he empowered his lis-teners to look into their own hearts and see what their Savior saw in them. 
Elder Scott saw people not for where 
they were currently positioned on the road of life but for the potential each person had to do, be, and become more. He once declared: ‘‘We become what we want to be by consistently being what we want to become each day.’’ 
Elder Scott’s vision extended far be-
yond the struggles of mortality; he fo-cused on raising our sights to higher things, grander places, and more noble thoughts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.005 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6911 September 24, 2015 
The role of the family as the bulwark 
of society was paramount in his life and teachings. Elder Scott often ex-pressed his belief in the unparalleled power and influence that a man and a woman, equally yoked as husband and wife, could have on children and com-munities. He taught that in marriage oneness is not sameness and of the vital importance of valuing our dif-ferences. To illustrate, he once de-clared: ‘‘I may not know what it means to be a woman, but I do know what it means to be taught by one and to love one with all my heart and all my soul.’’ His love for his wife Jeanene was leg-endary and was forever sprinkled into his sermons. I take comfort in knowing that after nearly 20 years, Elder Scott has gone to that Heavenly home he so often pointed to and is once again united with Jeanene. 
One of Elder Scott’s colleagues de-
scribed him as a clever teacher. His for-mula for teaching was not of the engi-neering variety but rather followed a pattern described in a hymn by Lorin Wheelwright entitled ‘‘Help Me Teach with Inspiration,’’ which says: 
Help me teach with inspiration; Grant this 
blessing, Lord, I pray. 
Help me lift a soul’s ambition To a higher, 
nobler way. 
Help me reach a friend in darkness; Help 
me guide him thru the night. 
Help me show thy path to glory By the 
Spirit’s holy light. 
Help me find thy lambs who wander; Help 
me bring them to thy keep. 
Teach me, Lord, to be a shepherd; Father, 
help me feed thy sheep. 
Elder Richard G. Scott was indeed an 
inspired teacher, a leader, and lifter of people. His amazing mind and compas-sionate soul enabled him to help engi-neer a path for all of us to return home. 
Mr. FLAKE. Will the Senator yield? Mr. LEE. I yield to the Senator. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I just 
wish to second what has been said about Elder Scott and appreciate the Senator from Arizona—or Utah, taking the time to say it. 
One of my fondest memories of being 
in Congress was at one point showing Elder Scott around a bit of the Capitol. He knew it well. He had been here be-fore, but it was my privilege and honor to be with him at that time. It has been my privilege and honor over many years to hear him at general con-ference and other venues exhorting people to follow the example of Christ and to love their families, love their wives. To see him pass now after such dedicated service for so long, it is truly wonderful for him to be reunited with his wife and for his family to reflect on a life of service. 
I thank the Senator for his com-
ments and wished to add my own. 
I yield back. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I thank my 
distinguished colleague from Arizona for his kind remarks regarding Elder Scott. I would also remark, just brief-ly, that my late father, himself an Ari-zonan, would be pleased to hear me re-ferred to as a Senator from Arizona, 
given that I was born there. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I 
think many of us today have been struck with a serious case of deja vu because once again, with a government shutdown looming, some Republicans continue to pander to their base with a political show vote instead of working with Democrats to prevent a budget crisis. Once again, it is women’s health that is being used as a tea party polit-ical football, with Republicans at-tempting to cut off women’s access to care, and once again workers and fami-lies across our country are watching Congress and wondering whether their elected officials can do the absolute bare minimum. 
The government shutdown that Re-
publicans pushed us into in 2013 did nothing to help them repeal the Afford-able Care Act, but it did have real con-sequences for families and commu-nities we represent. Workers didn’t know when they would get their next paycheck. Businesses felt the sting of fewer customers. Families across the country lost even more trust that elected officials in Washington, DC, could get anything done. 
In my home State of Washington, 
thousands of employees at Joint Base Lewis-McChord were sent home with no return in sight. Startups couldn’t get small business loans, national parks such as Mount Rainier shut down. It kept families away from true national treasures and customers away from small businesses that rely on their tourism. 
After all of that, I had hoped Repub-
licans would learn their lesson, espe-cially because once that economy-rat-tling exercise in futility came to an end, I was proud to work with the Re-publican budget chairman, P
AULRYAN, 
to do what we shouldn’t have needed a shutdown to get done—negotiate a 2- year bipartisan deal that prevented an-other government shutdown. It re-stored critical investments in prior-ities such as education, research, and defense jobs and showed our families that government can get something done when both sides are willing to come to the table and compromise. 
That deal was an important reminder 
that governing by crisis simply does not work. Unfortunately, now it seems that some of my Republican colleagues have forgotten that, because instead of working across the aisle on another bi-partisan budget deal, as Democrats have pushed them to do for months, some Republicans are once again using a looming fiscal deadline as an oppor-tunity to pander to their base, no mat-ter what that means for our workers and families who are wondering wheth-er government will still be running in a few days. 
Since they clearly need another re-
minder, attacking women’s health does not keep the government open and these shutdown threats will not work. It didn’t work in 2011, when House Re-
publicans tried to defund Planned Par-enthood in the budget at the very last minute. It didn’t work in 2013, when ex-treme Members of the GOP were dead set on repealing ObamaCare, and they will not work today. 
I am going to be proud to vote 
against this partisan attempt to defund Planned Parenthood and take critical health care services away from mil-lions of people. 
Then I hope that finally Republicans 
will remember what they should have learned last Congress: accept that enough is enough and make sure that women, workers, families, and our economy are protected from a com-pletely unnecessary crisis. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, since Feb-
ruary I have been coming to the Senate floor every week to talk about the waste of the week. 
Back in 2010, when I made the deci-
sion to answer a call to run for the Senate again, one of the primary rea-sons for my decision to go forward was my alarm over the plunge into debt and rising deficit that was taking place. At the time, the national debt of this country was a little over $10 tril-lion. It is alarming to note that as I stand here 5 years later, our debt has nearly doubled. It’s over $18 trillion in just the 5 years I have been here. 
There were alarm bells ringing in 
2010, and those alarm bells were saying that we cannot stay on this course, that it is going to come back to haunt 
us someday, that it will affect our economy, that it will affect our credit rating. Someday the bill collector will be at the door of the taxpayer saying: You have to pay up big time or we are going to go into default. 
What took place going forward from 
that was a series of efforts—some of them very equally bipartisan by both Republicans and Democrats who were alarmed at where we were and wishing to come together to persuade the Presi-dent to work with us and put us on a path toward fiscal responsibility. That work involved any number of proposals and iterations. We all remember the so- called Gang of 6, the Committee of 12, the Joint Committee on Deficit Reduc-tion, and various others who had plans. It was the dominating issue of our time during the first couple of years of my return here in 2011 and 2012. 
After the election of 2012, when the 
President was reelected, at his own ini-tiative he reached out to a few Repub-licans—I was one of them—and said: I am willing to sit down and work to-gether to deal with this. This is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.007 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6912 September 24, 2015 
major issue affecting the future of our 
country, affecting our economy. 
I was encouraged that after the elec-
tion and when no longer seeking any further office, the President would be willing to seriously work with us. We did serious work for several months. The President’s top three appointees— the head of the Office of Management and Budget, his Chief of Staff, and his political director—met with eight of us on a regular basis, both here in the Capitol and at the White House. We had agreed we would not have any pub-lic meetings. We would not have staff. It would just be Members and the President’s designated individuals. We did not broadcast what we were doing because we knew it would become pub-
lic and then political and therefore per-haps end up with the same fate all the other efforts had resulted in. 
We got to the end of that, and in the 
end, even though we made an extraor-dinary number of concessions to the President, even though we essentially had put together a package of items he himself had suggested in his budget plans that we could accomplish in slowing down the growth of govern-ment, the spending, and the deficits every year that were rolling out and plunging us into debt, we came up short. 
At that point, it became very clear to 
me that we were not going to be able to achieve a long-term plan for putting us on the road to good fiscal health. So I thought: OK, I am hearing from a lot of colleagues here in the Senate but also from other outside sources saying that under sequester we just can’t cut any more. We need more revenue to expand necessary spending projects in govern-ment. And while some essential func-tions that only government can do might need that type of attention, there is a range of things that you real-ly have to question why they are on the books in the first place. 
A number of my colleagues—particu-
larly former Senator Coburn—took this floor often—as I did, as well as others— to point out areas where not the Re-publican Party had decided, where not individuals representing our party had decided, but where nonpartisan agen-cies of the government—the General Accounting Office, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of Manage-ment and Budget at the White House— had investigated and produced exam-ples of spending that were either waste, fraud, or abuse, and had no legitimate qualification to stay on the books. 
So we started looking into this. 
Thanks to Senator Coburn and others, we have come up with a number of things we could easily take off the books, easily use to pay for essential things, easily use to reduce our deficit spending, keep from going into debt, return money to the taxpayers, or how-ever we wanted to do it. So we started to accumulate that, and our goal was to reach $100 billion to simply defy the myth going around that there is not a penny we can cut and that we have done all we can do. So over the 20-some times I have 
been on this floor, we have come up with a number of issues which could save the taxpayer money and certainly need to be addressed. Our current total is now well over $100 billion, and today we are adding $10.5 billion to our $100 billion total. We are now at $116 bil-lion. I said we would stop at $100 bil-lion, but the examples keep rolling in, and so we are going to keep going every week. As long as this cycle of the Senate is in session, I will come to the floor and label yet another example of waste. 
Last month, when I was home in In-
diana, coming down from northwest In-diana to our capital city of Indianap-olis on Interstate 65 for the umpteenth time—as I drive from north to south or south to north on that road, I pass through wind farms of literally thou-sands of windmills. Interestingly enough, and as I observed even this time, many of them are not turning. There are windmills—a few of them turning—driven by the wind, but most of them are not turning. We have thou-sands of these, and it looks as if fewer than 100 or a comparable number are operating, and so I am wondering why and whether the taxpayer is getting a good deal on this. 
I want to give a little bit of history 
of how all this came to be put in place. Back in the early 1990s—in fact, in 1992—the Congress passed the Energy Policy Act of 1992, which included the renewable electricity production tax credit, called the PTC. The point was that as we looked at alternative ways to produce electricity to reduce our de-pendence on oil and fossil fuels, there was a tax credit created for those using windmills to create power. It was de-signed to be claimed if the wind farm was actually making the power. 
Earlier I said that many times I have 
come down that road and I have seen windmills that were idle. But the blades had to be turning and the elec-tricity had to be being produced in order to receive that tax credit. 
At the time, because I thought we 
were overly dependent on Middle East-ern oil and that it was creating issues for us geopolitically and militarily and otherwise, I thought it would be good to have a stimulus here to support the creation of wind energy, to give us the ability to stand on our own and have less dependence on Middle Eastern oil. The main reason I supported it is be-cause it was to start the process and incentivize diverse energy sources to get them off the ground. It was going to be a short-term boost to help these new energy sources become competi-tive. 
The original credit was designed 
under the law to last only 5
1⁄2years and 
then there would no longer be this credit. Well, like any other credit, sub-sidy, or anything else passed here which provides taxpayer support for production of something, it never ex-pires. Few if any of them expire on the expiration date. So once again, once you get a law on the books, once you 
get a credit on the books, once you get a subsidy on the books, you can’t get it off. 
Since the time the original bill 
passed, the wind industry and its sup-porters have repeatedly come to Con-gress and said: Just give us a few more years and then wind will be competi-tive, without taxpayer subsidies. 
As a result, this 5
1⁄2-year program, 
which started in 1992, has been ex-tended multiple times. In 2013, nearly two decades after the time the sub-sidies expired, Congress changed the rules so the facilities only have to begin construction before the expira-tion date to automatically qualify for a future 10-year subsidy, even before those windmills become operational. So if someone is just in the business of building windmills, as some of our major companies are, they are going to qualify for the subsidy. They are going to get the tax credit—whether or not the windmills are needed. They can just pour some concrete and start the building process, and they are going to qualify for the credit. The result is that more and more wind facilities are being constructed irrespective of the needs of the electricity grid or market demand. 
Just last year, Warren Buffett, who is 
a smart investor, noted that wind isn’t profitable without subsidies. He said: 
For example, on wind energy, we get a tax 
credit if we build a lot of wind farms. That’s the only reason to build them. They don’t make sense without the tax credit. 
So regardless of the demand, regard-
less of whether or not those windmills need to be turning and generating elec-tricity, regardless of whether or not that electricity can be put into the grid—and, by the way, the cost of wind energy is three to four times the cost of fossil fuel energy—regardless of any of that, the tax credit is there. 
In 2014 Congress retroactively ex-
tended the wind tax credit at the end of the year, and the general assumption here in Congress is that the production tax credit will once again be extended at the end of this year. That is prob-ably going to happen. 
According to an estimate from the 
nonpartisan Joint Committee on Tax-ation, if we continue and extend this tax credit, this will add another $10.5 billion to our budget. 
Clearly, it is way past time to end 
this seemingly never-ending subsidy. It is time to give the hardworking tax-payers savings, and it is time to stop wasteful spending. If we can prevent Congress from just automatically ex-tending this way beyond the original 5
1⁄2years, decades beyond, we can save 
the taxpayers $10.5 billion. 
So today I am adding to this chart 
and picture here $10.5 billion, which now totals $116 billion-plus in terms of money that falls under the category of waste, fraud, and abuse. My colleagues cannot come down to this floor and say we can’t cut a penny more of any pro-gram and defend the numerous—now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.009 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6913 September 24, 2015 
well more than 20—examples of what 
have been defined as waste, fraud, and abuse—not by me, not by the Repub-lican Party, but by nonpartisan agen-cies of the Federal Government. 
There it is. Stay tuned for next 
week’s ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ 
I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, it is 
time give it our best to move America forward and give Americans a fair shot. Let’s show the American people that we can work across the aisle and across the dome to get the job done. 
Instead, here we are facing another 
shutdown showdown. There is no rea-son for there to be a government shut-down. Republican leadership does not want a shutdown. Democrats don’t want a shutdown. There may be some drama, but we intend to keep the gov-ernment open and avoid shutdown, slamdown politics. 
I hoped the Senate had learned its 
lesson in October 2013, when Repub-licans shut down government over the Affordable Care Act, or this February 2015, when Republicans threatened the Department of Homeland Security with shutdown over immigration policy. 
Senate Democrats won’t be threat-
ened and bullied into accepting poison pill riders. Serious policy issues like family planning and reproductive health deserve serious debate rather than becoming an ‘‘add on’’ rider to a funding bill. 
Shutdowns are bad for everyone, 
jeopardizing family checkbooks, busi-ness bottom lines, and the Federal checkbook. A shutdown makes it im-possible for Federal agencies to meet missions that serve the American peo-ple. A shutdown means furloughed Fed-eral employees and contractors; de-layed tax returns; delayed small busi-ness loans; and delayed contracts. 
Uncertainty slows economic growth 
and hurts the health and well-being of the entire Nation. When the govern-ment was closed for 16 days in 2013, the shutdown hurt our growing economy, sacrificing 120,000 private sector jobs. Billions of dollars of economic output was lost. We lost 6.6 million work days, about 850,000 Federal employees were sent home. 
My home State was hit particularly 
hard. Maryland is home to many Fed-eral agencies. It was not just the Fed-eral workers that got hurt. The Balti-more Sun wrote about Jay Angle, the owner of Salsa Grill, a Peruvian res-taurant in Woodlawn outside the So-cial Security Administration. Every day, 4,700 workers go to work at Social Security, but only 500 were on the job during the shutdown. Salsa Grill counts on the Social Security workers as customers, but they were not there. There were stories like Jay’s all over the country. 
Because of the 2013 shutdown, hun-
dreds of patients could not enroll in clinical trials at the National Insti-tutes of Health, NIH, so their last chance for a miracle was delayed or de-nied. About 8,000 rural families had their home loan decisions delayed, 
pushing the American Dream down the road. Head Start grantees in seven States closed, leaving 7,200 children at home and families searching for high quality child care. 
Avoiding a shutdown is just the first 
step. We also need a new budget deal to cancel sequester. 
Right now our budget caps spending, 
but it does not cap tax breaks for bil-lionaires and corporations that send jobs overseas. Americans are angry. They feel the rules are rigged against them and that those who write the rules don’t care. But Democrats do care. We believe the people deserve a government on their side. 
That is why we are fighting to make 
sure the American people have a gov-ernment that works as hard as they do. 
We have three steps to meet that 
goal. First, no government shutdown. We need to pass a clean, short-term continuing funding resolution with no poison pill riders to keep the govern-ment funded and open for business for as short a time as possible. After all, a yearlong CR just locks in sequester. 
The CR will give us time to take the 
second step, negotiating a new budget agreement that cancels sequester and lifts the spending caps equally for de-fense and nondefense spending so we can protect our national security and give the American people a fair shot. 
After the new budget agreement is 
reached, we will take the third step, writing and enacting an Omnibus spending bill. Remember, the Appro-priations Committee needs 30 days to get the job done once we have our topline. 
That is my plan to cancel sequester 
and put the American people first. 
Why do we want to cancel sequester? 
Sequester requires draconian cuts to critical programs that will have con-sequences for American families for a generation. Sequester was supposed to be so arbitrary and unthinkable that it would drive Congress to a budget deal. But gridlock, hammerlock, and dead-lock kept that from happening. 
It was the reality of sequester that 
led Congress to negotiate the Murray- Ryan budget deal that provided seques-ter relief for 2014 and 2015. 
Now we have got deja vu. We need a 
new agreement to cancel sequester- level spending in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
The Republican budget for fiscal year 
2016 calls for spending at the sequester level of $1.017 trillion. The President’s budget request asks for $74 billion more. That may sound like a big num-ber, but it is hardly expensive. It is equal to the 2010 level—6 years ago. 
We must cancel sequester to give 
Americans a fair shot by investing in our country and our people. 
Sequester hurts national security. 
According to Army Chief of Staff Gen-eral Raymond Odierno, only 33 percent of our brigades are ready to fight. Without sequester relief, the Army will not be truly ready to fight until 2025. Sequester keeps us from building and 
maintaining our physical infrastruc-ture. Funding to build roads, bridges, and transit creates jobs while easing peoples commutes to their jobs. 
Sequester deepens our innovation 
deficit. Funding for basic research is an investment in jobs today and jobs to-morrow. New ideas and discoveries lead to startups that rev up our economy and find new cures for deadly diseases. 
Under spartan budgets, NIH funding 
has not kept up with inflation. Even the increases proposed under the Re-publican spending caps fund NIH by cutting education, college afford-ability, and labor protections. On the other hand, when we cancel sequester, we will invest in innovation and dis-covery without sacrificing other in-vestments in our future. For example, the National Science Foundation would give 600 more grants supporting 7,500 scientists, students, teachers, and tech-nicians. 
Cancelling sequester means meeting 
compelling human needs. We can help make college affordable for families. Right now, under sequester-level budg-eting, Republicans instead took $300 million from Pell grants and elimi-nated First in the World grants to make college more affordable. 
Under sequester-level appropriations 
bills, we can not keep our promises to our veterans. Both the Senate and the House Republican bills underfund med-ical care at the Veterans Administra-tion—by more than $600 million in the Senate. That is enough money to pro-vide medical coverage for 61,000 vet-erans. The House also cuts $580 million for building VA health care facilities when there is a $10 billion maintenance backlog. 
It is clear that we need to end seques-
ter. It is also clear that the shutdown was a disaster for everyone, not to be repeated. Because without the re-sources to keep our government open, agencies can not serve the American people keeping us safe, healthy, edu-cated, moving, and thriving. 
The bottom line is we need a new 
topline. We need a new budget deal to invest in America’s safety and future. We need a short-term CR, free of poison pill riders, to get there—not another shutdown. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise once again to speak against this callous, misguided effort to defund Planned Parenthood. This is a clear case of politics being put ahead of the country’s best interests. This time the majority has tied this effort to the funding of the entire Federal Govern-ment—they are willing to shut down the government over this issue. That is preposterous. 
Planned Parenthood serves some of 
the most vulnerable women in our soci-ety. It cares for 2.7 million patients in the U.S.—5 million patients worldwide. Ninety-seven percent of the services its 700 clinics provide are basic health care, including breast exams, cervical cancer screenings, testing for sexually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.011 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6914 September 24, 2015 
transmitted diseases, and contracep-
tion. One in five women will use Planned Parenthood as their primary health care provider at some point in their lives. 
Nationwide, 80 percent of Planned 
Parenthood patients make less than $18,000 per year. 
Planned Parenthood is often the only 
health care option for low-income women and women in rural commu-nities. And yet here we are, facing an-other effort by Republicans to block funding for this vital health care pro-vider, an effort echoed and supported by Republicans who are running for President. 
Since this latest attack on Planned 
Parenthood began in July, I’ve received more than 25,000 calls and emails from women and men in California who sup-port Planned Parenthood. While the de-tails of the stories vary, they share the same theme: Planned Parenthood was there for them at a critical time in their lives. It was the only place they could go for health care when they were in college, earning minimum wage, or struggling to provide for their children and families. It was the only place where they felt safe and re-spected. It provided essential tests and screenings and allowed them to plan their families, which is critical to women’s economic security over the course of their lives. 
Here is one example from a con-
stituent in San Francisco. 
She said ‘‘Thirty-two years ago, I was 
broke, and Planned Parenthood was the only place that would give me birth control. I am now retired, and my life would be so different if they hadn’t been there. This is so necessary for those who can’t afford it.’’ 
Another constituent from Alameda 
said, ‘‘I’m calling your office for the first time because I want you to sup-port Planned Parenthood. When I was a young woman, their medical services saved my life. I hope this phone call helps save them in return.’’ 
To me, that is why this organization 
is so important to women in this coun-try. Not only does it provide health care, it gives women the ability to make a better future for themselves and their families. 
I also want to address the false claim 
put forward by those who are pushing to defund Planned Parenthood: They claim that Planned Parenthood pa-tients would easily find another com-munity clinic to go to for their health care. This is just not true. 
Community health centers and clin-
ics do great work, but if 2.7 million Planned Parenthood patients were sud-denly without a doctor, they simply could not handle the sudden influx of new patients. The Congressional Budg-et Office estimates that up to 650,000 Planned Parenthood patients would lose their access to health care. What’s more, many community clinics don’t provide the level of contraception care and other health care services provided by Planned Parenthood. In two-thirds of the counties where Planned Parent-
hood has a clinic, it serves half of the women eligible to receive family plan-ning services under the Title X pro-gram. 
In California, 13 of 58 counties would 
not have a single clinic to provide fam-ily planning services under the Title X program without Planned Parenthood. That tells us what will happen if this funding is stripped—huge numbers of women across the country will have no place to go for vital health services. This isn’t a matter of speculation. We’ve seen what happens when Planned Parenthood is defunded because it has happened at the state level. In 2012, Texas defunded Planned Parenthood. 
To serve all the women who needed ac-cess to a doctor or nurse, the remain-ing community clinics would have had to increase the number of patients they saw by an average of 81 percent. In other words, they would have needed to accept almost a doubling of their exist-ing number of patients. Unsurprisingly, those clinics lacked the ability to do so. As a result, nearly 20,000 fewer women were served by the Texas Wom-en’s Health Program the following year, a 10 percent decline. The number of prescriptions for birth control was cut in half, meaning 100,000 fewer women were able to access affordable birth control. 
Louisiana is another State trying to 
defund Planned Parenthood, and re-cently defended its actions in court. As part of its rationale, the State actually claimed that dentists and eye doctors are capable of providing women’s health care services. Let me repeat: Louisiana officials claimed that women who receive breast exams, contracep-tive counseling and prescriptions, and other medical services at Planned Par-enthood could go to dentists and eye doctors instead. Any woman knows that is just unrealistic. So make no mistake about it: If Planned Parent-hood is defunded, many American women simply will not get the health care they need. 
The attacks on women’s health don’t 
stop at Planned Parenthood’s door. The House of Representatives recently pro-posed completely eliminating the Title X program, which provides affordable family planning services to low-income women. Title X is proven to reduce abortions by preventing unplanned pregnancies. Let me repeat that: The House has proposed to eliminate a pro-gram that reduces abortions. Of course, we also know that the House voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act more than 50 times. Here in the Senate we’ve suffered through at least 30 similar votes. This law they want to repeal guarantees women basic preventive care like mammograms and cervical cancer screenings. It requires that pre-natal care and labor and delivery are covered by insurance companies. It pre-vents women from being denied cov-erage or charged more because they’re women. It’s the greatest achievement for women’s health in a generation; yet we wasted days and weeks on futile at-
tempts to eliminate it. 
These attempts to deny women and 
their families access to basic health care, to defund Planned Parenthood, to eliminate funding for family planning services that reduce abortions, and to deny women the right to make their own reproductive decisions are appall-ing. Planned Parenthood has been under constant attack since its found-ing in 1916. Its founder, Margaret San-ger, was thrown in jail for providing birth control to women. The pro-ponents of defunding Planned Parent-hood have been engaged in this assault for years. The group behind this latest effort, the Center for Medical Progress, has long-standing ties to the anti- choice movement. It is currently under investigation for possible criminal ac-tivity. The individuals who obtained the footage used false identification to represent a fake medical company. The videos, which are presented to the pub-lic as the full, unedited videos, have been analyzed by forensics experts at Fusion GPS. And the truth is, they are not the full, unedited videos. Content is missing, and numerous edits have been made even to the so-called full footage videos. Many members of Con-gress have requested the full videos. Those requests have gone unanswered. So the point is, this is part of a sus-tained assault on an essential health care provider for millions of American women. 
I also want to reiterate the real-life 
consequences of the rhetoric that’s been directed at Planned Parenthood and its staff. I talked about this when I spoke on this subject in July. I strongly believe that the rhetoric di-rected at Planned Parenthood sends a message that it is ‘‘OK’’ to intimidate its staff and patients. It is not. 
A few weeks ago, a Planned Parent-
hood health center in Washington State was severely damaged when an arsonist lit it on fire. Thankfully, no one was hurt. But I would hope that we’d learn from this event, and oppo-nents of Planned Parenthood would think about the ramifications of their words. This is dangerous territory. 
In closing, we must remember that 
the attacks on Planned Parenthood aren’t about improving women’s health. They are about taking away women’s rights, choices, and access to the doctors and nurses they know and trust. And quite frankly, their efforts will only jeopardize women’s health by removing the only source of health care many women have available. 
I’ve seen great gains for women dur-
ing my lifetime, including more edu-cation, greater workplace freedom, and the right to decide what happens to our own bodies. I simply will not stand by and watch our advances slip away. We are standing up for Planned Parent-hood because we stand up for women. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Let’s defeat this bill and move on so 
we can fund the government and ad-dress many other critical issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.026 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6915 September 24, 2015 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am in 
strong opposition to the substitute amendment to H.J. Res. 61 imposing a moratorium on Federal funding for Planned Parenthood clinics and their affiliates unless they stop providing abortions. 
Let’s be clear about one thing: the ef-
fort to defund Planned Parenthood is not about Federal funding for abor-tions. Since 1977, it has been well es-tablished under the Hyde amendment that Federal funding cannot be used for abortions, except in very narrow cir-cumstances where the life of the moth-er is endangered or in cases of rape or incest. 
The impetus for this amendment 
stems from the recent release of sur-reptitiously recorded and heavily edit-ed videos that falsely portray Planned Parenthood’s participation in legal fetal tissue donation programs and the subsequent attempts to defund Planned Parenthood on the basis of that intrin-sically dishonest campaign. It is not the first time anti-choice advocates have deliberately misrepresented Planned Parenthood. I remember when a Senator stood on the floor of the U.S. Senate 4 years ago and claimed that abortions are ‘‘well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does’’. And then his press spokesperson had to ac-knowledge that what he said ‘‘wasn’t intended as a factual statement’’. How much of what we are hearing and see-ing now isn’t ‘‘intended as a factual statement’’? Senators certainly are en-titled to their sincerely held positions on abortion and contraception, but I think we ought to refrain from saying things we know aren’t true, especially on the floor of the United States Sen-ate. 
The attack on Planned Parenthood, 
if successful, would have a devastating impact on women and families across this country, especially lower income women and their families. Planned Parenthood health centers are an inte-gral part of our safety net health care system, providing high quality, afford-able health care services to 2.7 million patients per year. Every year, Planned Parenthood physicians and nurses pro-vide family planning counseling and contraception to 2.1 million women, perform nearly 400,000 screenings for cervical cancer and nearly 500,000 breast exams, and provide nearly 4.5 million tests and treatments for sexu-ally transmitted infections, including HIV. 
Banning Federal funding for Planned 
Parenthood would put millions of women at risk of having no place to go for basic, preventive health care. For many women, family planning clinics such as Planned Parenthood provide the only basic health care they receive. In fact, 6 in 10 women who access care through a family planning health cen-ter consider it their main source of health care. More than half of Planned Parenthood health centers are located in rural areas, health professional shortage areas, or medically under-
served areas, putting women living in those areas at particular risk of losing access to health care services. It isn’t just Planned Parenthood that is under attack; it is also the one out of every five women in this country who has re-lied on Planned Parenthood for health care at some point in her lifetime. 
Earlier this week, I also voted 
against invoking cloture on another as-sault on women’s reproductive health— H.R. 36, an unconstitutional attempt to impose a nationwide ban on abortions when the ‘‘postfertilization age’’ of the fetus is determined to 20 weeks or greater, with extremely limited excep-tions. More than 40 years ago, in its 
landmark Roe v. Wade decision, the Supreme Court made it clear that women in this country have a constitu-tional right to abortion services and that no legislature may ban abortion prior to viability, which is exactly what H.R. 36 attempts to do. Previous attempts to impose previability bans on abortion have been repeatedly struck down by the courts, and last year, the Supreme Court refused to re-view a Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision permanently blocking Arizo-na’s 20-week ban. Nevertheless, anti- choice advocates continue their relent-less efforts to undermine women’s re-productive rights and health in any and every way possible. The cloture votes on H.R. 36 and today’s amend-ment to defund Planned Parenthood are simply the latest attempts. 
In addition to imposing an unconsti-
tutional previability ban on abortion, H.R. 36 threatens doctors with criminal penalties, including up to 5 years in prison, for attempting or performing an abortion in violation of the bill’s onerous restrictions, which is clearly intended to intimidate and discourage doctors from providing abortion care. The bill also puts the health of preg-nant women at risk by allowing an ex-ception to the 20-week ban only in the very narrow circumstance where an abortion is necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman. Therefore, under H.R. 36, a pregnant woman who devel-ops a serious medical condition or com-plication after 20 weeks would be barred from terminating her preg-nancy, no matter how serious the risk to her health, unless the abortion is deemed necessary to prevent the wom-an’s death. In addition, H.R. 36 would not allow an exception in the heart- wrenching situation in which a severe fetal anomaly is discovered late in a woman’s pregnancy, despite the fact that these conditions are often only de-tectable around 20 weeks. 
H.R. 36 also lacks a reasonable excep-
tion to the 20-week ban for victims of rape and incest. Adult women who have been raped would be required to report the assault to law enforcement or un-dergo compulsory medical treatment or counseling at least 48 hours prior to receiving an abortion, meaning that the rape survivor must have at least two appointments with two different providers in order to access the care 
she needs. H.R. 36’s treatment of mi-nors who have survived rape or incest is even more extreme. For minors who have been the victim of rape or incest, H.R. 36 would require proof that the crime was reported to law enforcement or the appropriate government agency in order to qualify for an exception to the 20-week ban. 
These extremely narrow exceptions 
completely ignore the fact that the majority of sexual assault survivors do not or are not able to report their as-saults to law enforcement for a variety of compelling reasons. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention— CDC—estimate that only 35 percent of sexual assaults or rapes were reported to the police in 2010. It is simply un-conscionable to subject survivors of rape and incest to these burdensome and unnecessary requirements in order to receive the care they need. 
We are 6 days away from a govern-
ment shutdown; yet we have spent most of this week on misguided at-tempts to ban legal abortions and defund Planned Parenthood—and to link the Planned Parenthood issue to whether the Federal Government will remain open for business—even as it 
has been obvious to everyone that such attempts would fail. A government shutdown is a completely avoidable crisis, and using floor time this time to attack women’s health care and repro-ductive rights instead of negotiating a bipartisan plan to fund the government is both unacceptable and irresponsible. The American people deserve better. They deserve a budget that supports a strong national defense and growing economy, not the threat of another government shutdown. I urge my col-leagues to join with me in opposing these latest attacks on women’s repro-ductive rights and access to high qual-ity, comprehensive health care serv-ices. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
know I speak for the entire Senate when I say it was a privilege to wel-come the Pope to the Capitol this morning. For the thousands who gath-ered on the Capitol lawn, it was an ex-perience they are unlikely to ever for-get. 
A quiet nod, a soft smile, a simple 
wave—the gestures may have been small, but their meaning ran deep, cap-tured forever in the hearts of the faith-ful and the hopeful. 
As we turn back to the work of gov-
erning, many will interpret his words in many ways. The media certainly has. But we can also hear him as sim-ply expressing his faith. And we all ap-preciate his closing remarks: God bless America. 
Mr. President, it is no surprise that 
Members of the Senate have differences on issues. That is normal, healthy even. But even if our Democratic col-leagues may not agree with us on every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.026 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6916 September 24, 2015 
issue, let us agree that the scandal sur-
rounding Planned Parenthood is deep-ly, deeply unsettling. Let us agree that it makes sense to at least place a scan-dal-plagued political organization on leave without pay and then use that money to fund women’s health care as Congress investigates these serious al-legations. 
Let us also agree that it is time for 
our Democratic colleagues to finally allow the Senate to fund the govern-ment, just as we have worked hard to do all year long. 
Here is the view the new Senate took 
from the beginning. The best way to fund the government is to pass a budg-et, and then to fund it. That may be a different approach from previous years, but it is the approach we chose to pur-sue when we came to office. 
We didn’t think it was right that the 
Senate hadn’t passed a budget in 6 years or that the Senate’s Appropria-tions Committee hadn’t passed the 12 bills necessary to fund the government in 6 years. So we changed that. 
The appropriations process got off to 
a great start. There was often a spirit of bipartisanship inside that com-mittee. Consider that nearly all of the 12 funding bills passed with bipartisan support. More than half attracted the support of over 70 percent of Demo-crats. We saw our Democratic col-leagues use phrases such as ‘‘win-win- win’’ or declare the appropriations leg-islation would ‘‘do right by’’ their par-ticular State as they issued press re-leases praising the bills that they voted for. 
It was great to see that bipartisan 
action. I was hopeful that our Demo-cratic colleagues would actually join with us on the Senate floor to debate and pass the legislation they had praised in committee. But no, they took a different path. 
I regret that Democratic leadership 
determined a crisis would be necessary to advance a policy aim of growing the government, and that our colleagues decided accordingly to block every sin-gle funding bill—every single one—al-most all of which had been supported by a significant number of Democrats in committee. So we have been forced to pursue a continuing resolution as a result. 
It would be much better to simply 
finish the appropriations process we worked so hard to advance. But if our colleagues continue to block the Sen-ate from doing so, the Senate is left with very few options. It may be re-grettable, but that is the reality we now face. 
The bill before us would help get 
things back on track. It would ensure the government remains funded and open. It would adhere to the bipartisan spending level already agreed to by both parties. It would also allow our Democratic colleagues to join us in standing up for women’s health instead of a political organization mired in scandal. For 1 year, the legislation would redirect $235 million in Planned Parenthood funding to women’s health 
instead, strengthening health centers that provide critically needed commu-nity care. 
I wish our colleagues hadn’t pursued 
a strategy of blocking government funding. That strategy may have suc-ceeded in bringing the country to this point, but there is no reason to con-tinue blocking every attempt to fund the government or to protect political allies mired in scandal. 
So I am calling on colleagues across 
the aisle to join us in standing against a shutdown. I am calling on them to join us in standing up for women’s health instead. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time following the vote until 6 p.m. be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; fur-ther, that all time during quorum calls until 6 p.m. be charged equally between both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all time be yielded back and the Senate proceed to vote on the motion to invoke cloture on amendment No. 2669. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2669 to H.J. Res. 61. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Marco 
Rubio, Tom Cotton, Orrin G. Hatch, Joni Ernst, Jeff Flake, Lindsey Gra-ham, David Vitter, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Steve Daines, Bill Cas-sidy, David Perdue, John Boozman, James Lankford, Thad Cochran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 2669, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , to H.J. Res. 61, 
shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, 
nays 52, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 270 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—52 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cotton Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 52. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to table the motion to commit. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2672. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to table amendment No. 2672. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2669. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to table amendment No. 2669. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2680 
(Purpose: Making continuing appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a substitute amendment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. C OCHRAN , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2680. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.012 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6917 September 24, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2681 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2680. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have an amendment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2681 
to amendment No. 2680. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second. 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2682 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2681 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2682 
to amendment No. 2681. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2683 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the text proposed to be strick-en. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposed an amendment numbered 2683 
to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2680. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 4 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2684 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2683 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2684 
to amendment No. 2683. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2685. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a motion to commit with instruc-tions at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Appropriations with in-structions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2685. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 6 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2686 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have an amendment to the instruc-tions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2686 
to the instructions of the motion to commit. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be disposed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2687 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2686 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2687 
to amendment No. 2686. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 6 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The majority whip is recognized. 
HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today 
has certainly been a historic day in Washington, DC. With the arrival of His Holiness Pope Francis this week, Washington has been flooded with the faithful who were eager to mark his first visit to the United States. I know my colleagues and I are grateful we were able to host him at a joint meet-ing of Congress, and we were all in awe of his incredible stamina given his schedule—something we are not unfa-miliar with. 
As head of the Catholic Church, Pope 
Francis leads a diverse community of believers. Catholics in the United States make up about one-fifth of the population in the United States and also in my home State of Texas. In fact, Catholic priests from Spain were some of our earliest settlers in Texas, and one of the dozens of missions es-tablished by the Catholic Church early in the 18th century in Texas was Mis-sion San Antonio de Valero, what would later be called the Alamo. 
It was a privilege to welcome Pope 
Francis this morning and to hear his remarks. I am told he was the first pontiff ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 
CARDINAL DANIEL DINARDO  
It was also my honor to host a friend 
of mine, Cardinal Daniel DiNardo, who accepted my invitation to join me today to hear Pope Francis. Cardinal DiNardo is the archbishop of Gal-veston-Houston, home to more than 1 million Catholics—the largest number of the 15 dioceses in Texas. I have had the honor of knowing Cardinal DiNardo for a number of years, and I am grate-ful to him for his unwavering commit-ment to life and for his extreme com-passion in both a pastoral and spiritual sense as well as a practical one. We saw that in action recently when historic flooding devastated many of the com-munities in the Houston area. During that time, Cardinal DiNardo was quick to ensure that Catholic Charities would provide some relief to those in need. There is no doubt that his leadership will continue to serve not only the Catholic community in the Galveston- Houston area well but also all of us in Texas. 
Mr. President, on another matter, 
earlier today Democrats blocked a measure that would fund the U.S. Gov-ernment but redirect Federal money that currently goes to Planned Parent-hood to go for women’s health care at community health centers. Actually, there are many more community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.018 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6918 September 24, 2015 
health centers in Texas than there are 
Planned Parenthood facilities. 
Earlier this week I outlined how the 
Democrats, while earlier calling for regular order in this Chamber, have de-livered on their promise to block legis-lation from moving forward that would fund vital parts of our government, such as the men and women in uniform who defend us. This is in spite of the fact that earlier this year, as I believe the majority leader mentioned, mem-bers of the Appropriations Committee actually did the work we were elected to do. We passed a budget and then in a bipartisan way passed appropriations bills out of the Appropriations Com-mittee. But because they have chosen to filibuster all of these appropriations bills, we find ourselves with unneeded and unnecessary drama when it comes to funding the Federal Government— hence the vote on Monday for closing off debate on a continuing resolution to fund the government through De-cember 11, 2015. Unfortunately, even our uniformed military has been taken hostage to this strategy, which has cre-ated unnecessary drama, as I said, and created some real hardship. So as we approach the looming fiscal deadline of next Wednesday at midnight, it is im-portant to remember how we got here. 
While Democrats filibustered legisla-
tion that would have removed all Fed-eral funding for Planned Parenthood, this fight—the fight for the sanctity of life Pope Francis talked about this morning—is far from over. We are going to continue the four different in-vestigations of Planned Parenthood’s practices and pursue legislation that would protect the fundamental right to life of the unborn. Protecting the sanc-tity of life is an ongoing mission, and it does not end with this one vote. 
I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President here we 
are again: with just 6 days until the Federal Government has to close its doors, we find ourselves faced with an-other manufactured crisis. Two years ago, it was defunding the Affordable Care Act. Congress has voted nearly 60 times on that so far, all of which failed. In the meantime, more than 17 million Americans who had no health insur-ance have obtained health insurance. 
Four years ago, it was the same issue 
Republicans are pushing today: defunding an organization that pro-vides health care to millions of women across this country. With the vote to defund Planned Parenthood now behind us—for the second time in as many months—it is time to move forward to pass a clean, short-term continuing resolution and get to work addressing the real challenge before us: ending se-questration. 
We’ve said it before, and it bears re-
peating: sequestration was never sup-posed to become the status quo. Its cuts are so extreme and so draconian that imposing it will hurt programs across the board, impacting every American. Sequestration neglects po-lice and fire departments, national parks, highways and bridges, airports, 
public health and education; and aban-dons promises made to our veterans and men and women in uniform. Allow-ing sequester-level spending bills to be-come law for the next fiscal year, which the President has rightly said he will not do, would be an abdication of our sworn responsibilities as Members of Congress. 
We must pass a clean, continuing res-
olution; we must negotiate a new deal to end sequestration, and we must pass appropriations bills that reflect the ur-gent needs of our country, not a polit-ical score card. 
Last weekend, my wife, Marcelle, and 
I were fortunate to join hundreds of Vermont women at the 19th Annual Women’s Economic Opportunity Con-ference in Randolph, VT. I have spon-sored this conference each year in an effort to help Vermont women of all ages and generations take advantage of the economic opportunities available to them. 
From emerging entrepreneurs or 
those transitioning their careers, thou-sands of participants have been drawn to the conference over its nearly two decade history. Sequestration puts at risk the ability of small businesses to access loans and counseling from the Federal Government, which helps spur and strengthen our economy. Seques-tration will cut critical workforce in-vestment programs that help young workers, dislocated workers, and vet-erans find permanent employment. Se-questration reverses the progress we have made in recent years to restore our economy and create jobs. 
The economic harm of sequestration 
is, of course, not all that is at stake. As Senators in both parties have pointed out, sequestration hurts our national security and the readiness of our Armed Forces. Sequestration hurts our roads, our infrastructure, and our pub-lic transit systems and will deeply im-pact our affordable housing supply. Se-questration makes maintaining our commitment to our veterans, including a generation of disabled veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, nearly im-possible. What’s more, to meet the re-quirements of sequestration, we are poised to rob from such vital needs as job training programs and preschool development grants. 
The bottom line is this: sequestra-
tion was never intended to happen. But relying on budget gimmicks, as the Senate’s defense spending bill does, while nearly zeroing out critical pro-grams for low-income Americans, as the Senate’s transportation and hous-ing bill does, creates more problems. Republican leaders have waited too long to come to the table to negotiate relief from sequester-level spending caps. 
By passing this clean, short-term 
continuing resolution, we can get to work now—immediately—to negotiate a new deal that builds on the 2013 Mur-ray-Ryan deal and keep the doors of our government open. We have now had the pointless debate 
over defunding Planned Parenthood. Let’s move on. Let’s not manufacture another crisis that puts millions of jobs on the line and hurts Americans in every state of this country. We were elected to represent our constituents. The voice from Vermonters is clear: it is time to get our work done. 
Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise 
today to join my colleagues in support of a clean, short-term continuing reso-lution—or, as we say, a CR—to tempo-rarily fund the government without controversial policy riders. After the vote we just had, I hope we can move to such a measure. Even some Repub-lican leaders have acknowledged that this previous vote was a show vote de-signed to appease, but to fail. It is part of a troubling pattern that has been emerging over many months of avoid-ing meaningful, bipartisan talks to fix the budget and waiting until the last moment to deal with issues everyone knows must be addressed. 
We have an obligation to the Amer-
ican people to keep their government working. It is one of the most basic re-sponsibilities we have as Members of Congress. A clean CR at this juncture fulfills this obligation, keeping the government open for a few more weeks while we work on a plan to eliminate the sequester-level budget caps for de-fense and nondefense programs. I wish we could have begun work on an over-all agreement earlier in the year, as Vice Chairwoman M
IKULSKI and others 
strongly urged months ago, but at this late hour we should pass this short- term measure and move on to serious negotiations on budget caps for this year and beyond. 
Shutting the government down now 
will not serve any useful purpose. What a shutdown will do is waste taxpayers’ money and hurt the economy. Indeed, the 2-week Republican government shutdown in 2013 cost our economy bil-lions of dollars. Based on that experi-ence, here is some of what we can ex-pect if there is another forced govern-ment shutdown this year: 
The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development will have to fur-lough more than 95 percent of its work-force, impacting services to more than 60 field and regional offices nationwide. Payments will be delayed to the rough-ly 3,000 local public housing authorities that manage the country’s publicly as-sisted housing programs. In fact, this shifts the burden onto them, causing them to turn to local municipalities that are equally stressed in terms of their budgets. So there is no avoiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.034 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6919 September 24, 2015 
this pain—in fact, it will be multiplied 
if we shut down the government. 
Thousands of home sales and mort-
gage-refinancing packages backed by the Federal Housing Administration, the FHA, will be put on standby. Peo-ple who are ready to close, people who are ready to make a commitment to a home, people who are ready to keep this economy moving will be told: Stand back; wait and see. 
Cities, counties, and States will not 
be able to move forward with new com-munity development block grant projects, preventing important local economic investment. This is a pro-gram which affects every community in this country, and it is something which is a very positive, constructive way to give local leaders the resources to fund the local initiatives the com-munity desperately wants and needs. This is not Big Washington; this is local America getting a chance to see their projects put in place. 
The Federal Aviation Administration 
will not be able to certify new aircraft, interrupting billions of dollars in sales. 
The Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-
rials Safety Administration will be forced to stop investigations and emer-gency response training. 
Classrooms will be shuttered for 700 
midshipmen at the U.S. Merchant Ma-rine Academy in Kings Point, NY. These are young men and women who are committing themselves to serve the Nation either directly in the armed services of the United States or as members of our merchant fleet. They will basically be told to go home. 
Financial support will stop for the 
Maritime Security Program, the MSP. This is an important public-private partnership that is critical to sus-taining our troops serving overseas. 
These are just a few examples from 
two of the Departments under my pur-view as the ranking member of the Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment Appropriations Sub-committee. There are many other ex-amples throughout the Federal Govern-ment that my colleagues are talking about today. 
Knowing the results that shutdowns 
and these hardball tactics have brought before, it is hard to believe some still are willing to resort to budg-et brinksmanship again. 
I know many of my colleagues on the 
other side share my concern. I particu-larly wish to commend Senator C
OL-
LINS, who has been an excellent leader 
in chairing the THUD subcommittee, for her support for a clean CR. She has done extraordinary work under very difficult and challenging cir-cumstances. Her support for a clean CR so that we can negotiate a longer term budget solution is indicative of the kind of forthright, thoughtful, and in some cases very courageous service she has rendered to Maine and to the coun-try. 
While we focus on the immediate 
showdown threat, let’s remember the bigger threats we face in 2016. We are here because of the Budget Control Act 
and its attendant sequester-level caps on discretionary spending. Let’s re-member that these sequester-level caps were never intended to be imple-mented. At the time BCA was enacted, the cuts were considered to be ex-treme—in fact, so extreme that Con-gress would not ever let them happen, that they would embrace defense and nondefense, and that they would be an action-forcing mechanism—not an ac-tuality of law but an action-forcing mechanism to cause us on a bipartisan basis to come up with long-term budget solutions. Unfortunately, that solution did not materialize. 
Over time, we had the very good 
work of Senator M
URRAY and Congress-
man P AULRYAN to come up with a 2- 
year suspension, but we are right back where we were, and these sequester caps are staring us right in the face. But today, rather than working to-gether to tackle the sequester, we are on the verge of orchestrating another fiscal crisis. And it is not a crisis that will help the American people; rather, it will hinder the American people. And, indeed, it is ironic because Mem-bers on both sides recognize the BCA cap should be raised for both defense and nondefense appropriations. 
Indeed, both the Defense authoriza-
tion and the Defense appropriations bills carry bipartisan sense-of-the-Sen-ate language that says: ‘‘Sequestration relief must be accomplished for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.’’ And, ‘‘Sequestra-tion relief should include equal defense and nondefense relief.’’ So you have a bipartisan consensus on these two com-mittees that represent a significant number of our colleagues who are es-sentially saying: We have to end this. And they are saying it because they be-lieve, as I do, that our national secu-rity rests not just upon adequate ele-ments of the Department of Defense but adequate investment for all our Federal programs. 
So beyond committing a clean, short- 
term funding bill, we must focus on eliminating these draconian spending caps imposed on us by the BCA. We know these caps will cause real harm to programs across the Federal Govern-ment that our States and constituents rely on. 
These are not academic issues that 
could be dismissed as being some pro-grams that are ineffective and less lim-iting. These are across-the-board cuts that hit all our constituents and hit them hard. 
Indeed, months ago Chairman 
M
CCAINand I together wrote to urge 
the Committee on the Budget to in-clude a higher baseline funding amount for the Department of Defense in the budget resolution. We were essentially asking them to ignore the BCA caps and produce a budget that realistically recognizes the base needs of the De-partment of Defense—not the one-time spending of OCO contingency but rou-tine spending that would be projected forth. Senator M
CCAINin particular worked 
in extraordinarily good faith to try to get such a provision included in the budget resolution, but he did not suc-ceed. And, in response, the use of OCO contingency funds was incorporated to skirt the budget caps. Essentially, what the committee has done—the de-fense authorization committee—is it has taken the President’s budget num-bers, but moved money out of the base budget into OCO, beyond the Presi-dent’s request. And what you are doing is creating this OCO funding mecha-nism—in a sense, a gimmick, really—to cover the real cost—the ongoing cost, the routine continuing cost—of the De-partment of Defense. That is not good 
budgeting, and it is not good for De-fense either. 
Because of this I was unable to sup-
port legislation on the floor for the De-fense authorization bill that in many other respects—virtually every other respect—was extremely well done and extremely thought out. Again, I com-mend the chairman for all his efforts and those of my colleagues. 
I clearly disagree that using this OCO 
funding arrangement—gimmick, sleight of hand, whatever you want to call it—is the way to proceed forward. Relying on it essentially preempts de-fense from the Budget Control Act and leaves everything else under those on-erous caps. As I said, that not only does not adequately and realistically fund defense, but it seriously erodes national security because national se-curity is something more than simply what the Department of Defense does. It is the Department of State, the De-partment of Homeland Security, and it is a myriad of other functions that will not see funding. In fact, they will see their funding begin to shrink dramati-cally. 
If we use this approach this year, 
with the argument that it is just a bridge to the day we finally get our-selves together, I think we are deluding ourselves. It would be much easier next year to put even more money into OCO, to take programs that are traditionally funded through the base budget of the Department of Defense and say: Well, we just don’t have room. Let’s put it in OCO. It becomes the gift that keeps on giving, and it will not provide the real resources and the certainty the Depart-ment of Defense needs over many years to plan for their operations. 
To stick things in 1-year funding is 
not to tell the Department of Defense: You can be confident that 2 or 3 years from now, when you are developing that new weapons system platform, the money will be there. It may, but again, it may not. We can’t give them that in-security. We have to give them a sense of certainty. 
Now, this is a view that is shared not 
just by myself and some colleagues here on both sides of the aisle but by senior Defense Department officials. They have testified repeatedly before our committee that OCO funding does not provide long-term budget cer-tainty. They need that. And the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.035 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6920 September 24, 2015 
troops—the men and women they 
lead—need that. 
In fact, it really just allows DOD to 
plan for 1 year. And there are very few programs in the Department of Defense that are 1-year programs. A major weapons system is a multiyear develop-ment and then there is the production process. The strategy is not year by year. It is over several years at least. So this is not an efficient and effective way to run the organization. Proper budgeting and planning in the Depart-ment of Defense requires at least 5 years. That is the standard. The stand-ard measure is a 5-year program fore-cast, budget forecast, and we are tell-ing them: Well, this year you can have a bonanza of OCO funds. Next year could be more, could be less, could be much less. 
This is not the way to efficiently al-
locate resources for national security and to efficiently develop a strategy to counteract an increasing array of threats around the globe in many dif-ferent dimensions in many different re-gions. If we go down this path, it will lead to instability for our troops, their families, and for our defense industrial base. They deserve certainty, not a year-to-year, perhaps-maybe, maybe- perhaps approach. 
We also need to recognize, as I have 
repeated before, that national security is not just the Department of Defense. Other agencies are critical—the De-partment of State, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice, and Department of Treasury, which does all the terrorist financing sanctions. They have to trace funds flowing around the world to ensure they do not aid and assist terrorist ac-tivities or other maligning activities. They need resources too. 
Taking this approach as it stands 
now, using this OCO approach for de-fense and then letting everything else stay under BCA, will not give these agencies the resources they need. 
I was struck a few days ago when 
General Petraeus was here testifying that one of the critical areas of effort against ISIL is information warfare. They have proven to be extraordinarily adept at using social media, at commu-nicating through the Internet. One of the questions from my colleague— which was very thoughtful and funda-mental—was this: Is the State Depart-ment doing enough to counteract—as one of our major foreign policy organi-zations—this information campaign by ISIL? The General sort of chuckled a bit, and then he said: Let me tell you that when I was commanding, on ac-tive service, the State Department had to come to me and essentially borrow $1 million from CENTCOM funds so they could get in the ball game—to just get in the game in terms of infor-mation warfare: counteracting meas-ures, public campaigns of information in countries throughout the globe, par-ticularly in the Middle East. 
That will be much worse if we pro-
ceed down this path, and we will not be enhancing our national security. If the 
ISIL message is unanswered, if they are able to attract adherents from around the globe because all they can really hear is this grotesque discussion of ISIL and what they propose, and there are no counterarguments, there is no countervailing points, we lose that information war. And that is not just a DOD function. 
Now, we have to make investments 
in both defense and nondefense. But as I said before, if we stick with these BCA caps, our non-DOD programs will suffer. In addition to that, the needs of the American people will suffer. 
We will not be able to invest in ade-
quate transportation and water infra-structure. We won’t be able to do things that provide adequate and de-cent housing for our citizens. Under the budget caps we will lose jobs too. When the resources diminish, the need for workers diminishes, and that will happen. 
Now, we have a situation, particu-
larly where some of our most vulner-able Americans would suffer griev-ously. Here are a few examples. The el-derly housing program has been cut in half since 2010, even when we know the United States population today is aging faster. 
Every Member of this Senate has nu-
merous elderly housing programs in their State. Their low-income seniors rely on them. I would suspect they take some pride in the fact there is adequate housing—in some cases not enough, but at least some adequate housing. They will suffer. 
There are 7.7 million very low income 
renters in the United States. That means they pay more than 50 percent of their income in rent or live in sub-standard housing or both. If these budget caps go into effect, then the THUD bill will not include meaningful funding for the affordable housing pro-duction program available to local gov-ernments. 
When we turn to Public Housing Au-
thorities, they are facing more than $3 billion in capital needs just to keep them repaired, just to make them places that are decent to live in, where people can have appropriate hallway lighting, they can have elevators that work, they can have plumbing systems that are adequate—the basics. 
We are not talking about building 
whirlpools, spas, and Jacuzzis. This is just meeting basic requirements in maintenance and capital repairs. The level of funding PHA’s are faced with is the same level we provided in the late 
1980s. That is going back about 30 years. Thirty years ago, relatively speaking, we would be spending as much as we are now on simply main-taining public housing. These are real- world consequences. 
Again, BCA comes into play in terms 
of the impact on domestic programs. Funding for public transit continues to fall even while transit ridership goes up. 
One of the success stories over the 
past few years is our public transit sys-tems. Our buses, our subway systems, 
our light rail systems are enjoying in-creased ridership. That is good for peo-ple to get to work, and it is good for our environment because of reduces the use of individual automobiles. But if our ridership goes up and the resources go down, we are going to see a system that gets less and less dependable, reli-able, and effective, and we will lose not only a number of those riders but have incidents—as we have seen across the country—where there are significant safety concerns and significant disrup-tions. 
It has not been uncommon over the 
last several months here in Washington to hear on the radio that a whole sub-way line has gone down because of a maintenance problem or something else, and that day’s workforce doesn’t get to the office for 3 or 4 or 5 hours. Guess what. That costs a lot of private employers a great deal of money be-cause the people aren’t doing the work, and they probably would be paid. So es-sentially this impacts our economy, and it is multiplied. And it will be ex-ponentially multiplied if we start cut-ting away the money, as suggested in the Budget Control Act. 
It is now time to work together and 
to enact first a clean CR, which will give us the time to systematically and comprehensively address the issues that are staring us straight in the face because of the BCA—the budget caps on Defense and nondefense. It is time to be able to move—as I believe the vast majority of my colleagues want to—the excess OCO funding back into the regular budget of the Department of Defense as we raise the budget cap, and as we raise the budget cap for the Department of Defense, to recognize we have to raise the cap not only for other national security agencies to protect our country, but also for other agen-cies in order to invest in our economy, keep us productive, keep people em-ployed, and also keep faith with the thousands and thousands of Americans who have worked and now may need help. There are seniors in need of rent-al assistance. They need the support of a good transit system to get to work or, if they are a senior citizen, to get to a doctor’s appointment. They are counting on us. 
So I hope all my colleagues can come 
together, forge an agreement, avoid a shutdown, and then do something more than just keep the lights on—invest across the board in our people and watch those investments multiply to a productive, successful economy and a more secure America. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.036 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6921 September 24, 2015 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. RES. 224 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, in 1975, 
Russian physicist Andrei Sakharov was awarded a Nobel Prize for his public op-position to the totalitarian com-munism of the Soviet Union. He knew what he was talking about as he had spent decades working on the Soviet nuclear weapons program, work he had originally thought was a patriotic duty that would ensure the balance of power with the United States but that he came to understand was in the service of a brutal, oppressive regime with ag-gressive intentions. 
The Soviets prohibited Sakharov 
from accepting the award in person, al-though his wife Yelena Bonner was abroad at the time. She accepted on his behalf and delivered his seminal speech, ‘‘Peace, Progress, and Human Rights.’’ In it, Sakharov declared: 
I am convinced that international con-
fidence, mutual understanding, disar-mament, and international security are in-conceivable without an open society with freedom of information, freedom of con-science, the right to publish, and the right to travel and choose the country in which one wishes to live. I am likewise convinced that freedom of conscience, together with other civil rights, provides the basis for scientific progress and constitutes a guarantee that scientific advances will not be used to de-spoil mankind, providing the basis for eco-nomic and social progress, which in turn is a political guarantee for the possibility of an effective defense of social rights. 
He recited the names of his fellow 
dissidents who were being persecuted by the Soviets, but he called for peace-ful reform, not a violent revolution, saying: 
We must today fight for every individual 
person separately against injustice and the violation of human rights. Much of our fu-ture depends on this. In struggling to protect human rights we must, I am convinced, first and foremost act as protectors of the inno-cent victims of regimes installed in various countries, without demanding the destruc-tion or total condemnation of these regimes. We need a pliant, pluralist, tolerant commu-nity, which selectively and tentatively can bring about a free undogmatic use of the ex-periences of all social systems. 
Sakharov was relieved of all his sci-
entific duties and, after denouncing the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1980, was banished to Gorky, 250 miles east of Moscow on the Volga River, to re-move him from the public eye. His wife joined him in 1984, charged with anti- Soviet slander, and was prohibited from traveling abroad for medical treatment. Sakharov began a hunger strike in protest. Soviet authorities de-tained and force-fed him. 
In solidarity, President Ronald 
Reagan—who was then initiating his historic negotiations with the Sovi-ets—proclaimed May 18, 1983, National Andrei Sakharov Day, and the fol-lowing year the United States Congress passed a bipartisan measure renaming the mailing address of the Soviet Em-bassy from 1125 16th Street to No. 1 Andrei Sakharov Plaza. Every piece of mail delivered to or sent from the em-bassy would thus bear the name of the courageous dissident the Soviets were 
trying to silence. 
The following year, the Soviet Union 
allowed Bonner to travel abroad for heart surgery, and the year after that, Gorbachev allowed Sakharov and his wife to return to Moscow, although Sakharov remained critical of the slow speed of Gorbachev’s reforms until his death in 1989—just 1 month after the fall of the Berlin Wall. 
The bravery of Andrei Sakharov was 
instrumental in bringing down a great and oppressive empire. Armed only with the truth, he was able to expose to the world the reality of Soviet Com-munism, the futility of trying to pla-cate or domesticate the regime, and the power of standing for human rights. 
Today, we have a case before us that 
is eerily reminiscent of Sakharov’s leg-acy. Dr. Liu Xiaobo, who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010, sits today in a Chinese jail for the crime of subversion. 
A poet, author, and political sci-
entist, Dr. Liu was in 1989 a visiting scholar at Columbia University, but when the pro-democracy protests broke out in Beijing in June of that year, he returned to China to aid the move-ment. He staged a hunger strike in Tiananmen Square in the midst of the historic student protests and insisted the protests would be nonviolent, even in the face of the violence threatened by the People’s Republic of China. The PRC arrested Liu for his involvement in the Tiananmen Square demonstra-tion and sentenced him to 2 years in prison. In 1996, the party subjected him to 3 years of ‘‘reeducation through labor’’ for questioning the single-party system. In 2004, the PRC cut Liu’s phone lines and Internet connection after he published an essay criticizing the party’s campaign to silence so- called subversive journalists and activ-ists. 
In 2008, Liu, along with over 350 Chi-
nese intellectuals and human rights ad-vocates, penned ‘‘Charter 08,’’ a mani-festo modeled after the Czech ‘‘Charter 77,’’ an anti-Communist manifesto written in 1977 by Vaclav Havel and others calling for human rights and po-litical reforms in the Soviet Republics. 
Dr. Liu’s ‘‘Charter 08’’ made 19 spe-
cific demands of the PRC, including abandoning one-party rule in favor of instituting a separation of powers com-posed of a legislative democracy and independent judiciary; abolition of the Hukou housing system that has victim-ized poor and rural Chinese for decades; and securing freedom of association, assembly, expression, and religion. ‘‘Charter 08’’ was released on December 10, 2008. Although the Communist Party quickly censored it, over 10,000 journalists, scholars, businessmen, and teachers have signed the document since 2008. 
Two days prior to the release of 
‘‘Charter 08’’—on the eve of the 100- year anniversary of China’s first Con-stitution and the 30-year anniversary of Beijing’s Democracy Wall move-
ment—the PRC detained Liu for his in-volvement in this charter. In June 2009, he was officially arrested and charged with ‘‘inciting subversion of state power’’ for his coauthorship of ‘‘Char-ter 08.’’ 
After being detained for over a year, 
Liu pled not guilty to ‘‘inciting subver-sion of state power’’ before the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People’s Court on December 23, 2009. His defense was not allowed to present evidence, and on Christmas Day Liu was sentenced to 11 years in prison with an additional 2 years’ deprivation of all political rights. Beijing High Court rejected his appeal 2 months later. 
On October 2010, Dr. Liu Xiaobo re-
ceived the Nobel Peace Prize for his leadership in writing and publishing ‘‘Charter 08.’’ Like Sakharov, he could not attend in person but accepted in absentia, boldly declaring in his ac-ceptance speech: 
Hatred can rot away at a person’s intel-
ligence and conscience. Enemy mentality will poison the spirit of a nation, incite cruel mortal struggles, destroy a society’s toler-ance and humanity, and hinder a nation’s progress toward freedom and democracy. That is why I hope to be able to transcend my personal experiences as I look upon our nation’s development and social change, to counter the regime’s hostility with utmost goodwill, and to dispel hatred with love. 
The very moment the Nobel Commis-
sion awarded the Peace Prize to Liu, his wife Liu Xia was taken into cus-tody by the PRC. She penned an open letter to Chinese President Xi Jinping in June 2013 decrying her unjust arrest and detention: 
I have been under house arrest and have 
lost all my personal freedoms since October 2010. No one has told me any reasons for de-taining me. I have thought about it over and over. Perhaps in this country it’s a ‘‘crime’’ for me to be ‘‘Liu Xiaobo’s wife.’’ 
Both Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia remain 
in prison today. The opening paragraph of ‘‘Charter 08’’ captures the entirety of Liu Xiaobo’s lifework: 
Having experienced a prolonged period of 
human rights disasters and challenging and tortuous struggles, the awakening Chinese citizens are becoming increasingly aware that freedom, equality and human rights are universal values shared by all humankind, and that democracy, republicanism, and con-stitutional government make up the basic institutional framework of modern politics. A ‘modernization’ bereft of these universal values and this basic political framework is a disastrous process that deprives people of their rights, rots away their humanity, and destroys their dignity. Where is China head-ed in the 21st century? Will it continue with this ‘modernization’ under authoritarian rule, or will it endorse universal values, join the mainstream civilization, and build a democratic form of government? This is an unavoidable decision. 
Dr. Liu’s enormous courage and will-
ingness to voluntarily sacrifice not only his own freedom but also that of those most dear to him poses a chal-lenge to the free world. Will we be si-lent, eager to enjoy the economic bene-fits of cooperation with the PRC? Or will we put President Xi on notice that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.038 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6922 September 24, 2015 
for America, human rights are no 
longer off the table, and that we are listening to the truth about Com-munist China. 
I believe that the freedom cham-
pioned by Dr. Liu is possible for all the Chinese people. I believe that from Tiananmen Square to Taiwan, the evi-dence is clear that the Chinese desire— and are capable of—democracy. I be-lieve that we have a moral responsi-bility to not marginalize Dr. Liu and his brave fellow dissidents but to make their plight central to all our dealings with the PRC. 
For that reason, we should follow the 
example of Ronald Reagan. We should follow the example of standing up to oppression, standing up do the Soviet Union’s oppression of Andrei Sakharov. For that reason, in solidarity with the Chinese people engaged in a long and nonviolent struggle for basic human rights, I am asking my colleagues to join me in creating a new version of Sakharov Plaza by naming the street in front of the People’s Republic of China Embassy in Washington, DC, Liu Xiaobo Plaza. This would be the street sign that the Chinese Ambassador would look at each day. This would be the address that every piece of cor-respondence going into the embassy and coming out of the embassy would have written on it, just as with the So-viets when forced to recognize the bravery of Sakharov. 
The PRC officials will be forced to 
recognize the bravery of Dr. Liu and to acknowledge it dozens of times a day, day after day. I realize that this is an expedited request, but given the ongo-ing repression not only of the Lius but of so many other voices for political and religious freedom in China and the imminent arrival of the Chinese leader who is directly responsible for it, I hope that my colleagues will join me. I intend to propound a unanimous con-sent request, and it is my hope that all 100 Senators will stand with me. 
But for the moment, I yield the floor. 
Mr. CRUZ addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
C
APITO ). The Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, for rea-
sons that I just detailed to this Cham-ber, reasons for which we should stand in bipartisan unanimity in support of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Dr. Liu Xiaobo and in support of human rights and dissidents across the world, that we should follow the successful pattern of Sakharov Plaza under Ronald Reagan, this should be an issue that brings us all together. 
Accordingly, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of and that the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 224. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? The Senator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
reserving the right to object, I would like to make an observation. The no-tice for this went out less than an hour ago. The consultations with others haven’t been made. It was precipi-tously brought to the floor, and I can only infer that it has political implica-tions, because the President of China is due to arrive here tomorrow and, therefore, this would be passed today, moved out of committee without a vote in front of the Senate. 
I don’t think that is the way we 
should do business in this Senate. Maybe people don’t believe diplomacy makes a difference, but I do. I think there will be ample time for the Presi-dent to speak with the President of China and for some of us to speak as well. This is, of course—the human rights, of course—a subject. But in the absence of that, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, I note 
that this is a sad day for this body. When standing up to the Soviet Union, Democrats and Republicans were able to come together in support of Andrei Sakharov, and it worked. It made a dif-ference speaking up for human rights. The senior Senator from California is correct that this was expedited, and she is correct as to why. As I said in this floor speech, the presence of Presi-dent Xi in this country is precisely the reason that we should stand in una-nimity in support of human rights. It is what makes it timely until a few minutes ago, when we had been in-formed that there were no objections on the Democratic side and Republican side. It saddens me. I know there are many Chinese Americans in the State of California, there are many Chinese Americans in the State of Texas, and across the country there are millions of Americans who care for human rights. 
Just this morning we sat on the floor 
of the House of Representatives and lis-tened to Pope Francis talk about put-ting aside petty partisan differences and coming together with a voice of compassion. 
Dr. Liu is in a Chinese prison, and 
the senior Senator from California is standing and objecting to recognizing this Nobel laureate’s bravery, is stand-ing and objecting because presumably it would embarrass his Communist cap-tors. I, for one, think as Americans we should not be troubled by embarrassing Communist oppressors. 
I note, as the senior Senator from 
California leaves the floor, that this is not an issue that is abstract to me. My family, like Dr. Liu, has been impris-oned by oppressive regimes. My father, as a teenager, was imprisoned and tor-tured in Cuba. He had his nose broken. He had his teeth shattered. He lay in the blood and grime of a prison cell in Cuba. My aunt, my Tia Sonia, was a few years later again imprisoned and tortured. This time by Castro. My fa-
ther by Batista and my aunt by Castro was imprisoned and tortured by a Com-munist regime. It is a sad statement when the United States of America cannot stand up and say: You who are imprisoned unjustly, we stand with you. 
If any of us listened to a word Pope 
Francis said this morning, that is a word we should have heard—that we should be a voice of freedom, a clarion voice of freedom across this globe. What we saw on this Senate floor sad-dens me greatly. I understand the Democrats feel partisan loyalty to the White House, and this White House’s Secretary Clinton said at the beginning of the administration that human rights are off the table. America no longer stands for human rights. We will coddle up with oppressors if they make cheap calculators to sell in our stores. I think they are values that transcend the mighty dollar, and it is entirely possible to deal with foreign countries and yet maintain our principles and speak with unanimity. 
A couple of years ago I had the op-
portunity to visit with Natan Sharansky, the famed Soviet dissident. He and I visited in Jerusalem. He talked to me about how, when he was in the Soviet gulag, the prisoners would pass from cell to cell notes: Did you hear what President Reagan said— ‘‘evil empire,’’ ‘‘ash heap of history,’’ ‘‘tear down this wall’’? The leadership of the United States of America—mind you, it wasn’t partisan leadership; it was clear bipartisan leadership in America—shined a light to the dark of those prison cells. 
I pray today that Dr. Liu, in his pris-
on cell, does not hear word that the Democratic Senators are unwilling to stand with him. That is heartbreaking at a level rarely seen. It is one thing for us to disagree on partisan matters. We can have disagreements over the appropriate rate of capital gains taxes. But for standing with an oppressed Nobel Peace Prize laureate, for stand-ing up to Communist oppression, that should not be a partisan divide. 
The objection raised by the senior 
Senator from California is deeply dis-appointing, and I intend to continue to press this issue because the voice of America, the voice for freedom that Pope Francis urged us to aspire to will not be extinguished. It is who we are that is essential to our character and to our integrity. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, 
over the course of the summer we have watched with horror as thousands more have died in Syria and Iraq, and the de-bate over what we should do about it has been omnipresent here in the Sen-ate and in the House. We have held hearings, appeared on television to tell our story of how we should respond, and talked about it on the floor of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.030 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6923 September 24, 2015 
Senate and the House. Similarly, we 
have watched the conflict continue to persist in eastern Ukraine. Although they have not had the same number of 
casualties as we have seen in Syria and Iraq, they have had similar death and destruction, and we have responded with a vigorous debate on the floor of the Senate—again, hearings in commit-tees, letters to the President, bipar-tisan pieces of legislation that have been proposed—about how the United States should seek to reduce the amount of casualties in a place like eastern Ukraine, and we are also debat-ing what our response should be in Syria and Iraq. 
What if I told you that this summer 
4,000 people died in another conflict in which there was absolutely no debate here in the Congress? What if I told you there were 4,000 people who died this summer in a conflict and not a sin-gle committee in the Congress held a hearing on it? What if I told you there was a conflict this summer in which 4,000 people perished and not a single Member of the majority party in the House or the Senate has proposed any comprehensive way to deal with it? 
This chart shows the number of peo-
ple on a daily, monthly, and annual basis who are killed by guns. On aver-age, it is 86 a day, 26,000 a month, and 31,000 a year. This summer, while kids were out of school, over 4,000 people— just this summer—died across this country from gun violence. I come to the floor not as often as I would like but as often as I can to tell some of their stories because I kind of thought these numbers would be enough to per-suade Members of this body to do something—anything—to try to stem the scourge of gun violence in this body, but it hasn’t, and so my hope is maybe by telling the stories of some of these individuals, it will hopefully make a difference. Every day we add dozens of stories of young men and women—mostly young men and women—whose lives were cut short, whose greatness we were never able to see, whose potential was never realized because they were killed by a gun. 
This summer we have been gripped 
by mass shooting after mass shooting. 
Cynthia Hurd, Tywanza Sanders, 
Sharonda Singleton, Myra Thompson, Ethel Lance, Susie Jackson, Daniel Simmons, and DePayne Doctor, and Clementa Pinckney—we don’t know all of those names, but we know about many of them because they were killed at a mass shooting in a church in South Carolina. 
Sgt Carson Holmquist, PO2 Randall 
Smith, GySgt Thomas Sullivan, LCpl ‘‘Skip’’ Wells, and SSgt David Wyatt— maybe you have heard their names be-cause they were all killed at a shooting in Tennessee at a Chattanooga Armed Forces recruiting center. 
Maybe you have heard of Jillian 
Johnson and Mayci Breaux, who were killed in a movie theater in Lafayette, LA, in July of this year. 
Most people have now heard of Alli-
son Parker and Adam Ward, who were gunned down on live TV just a few 
weeks ago in Virginia. 
On each one of those days—June 17, a 
shooting in South Carolina; July 16, a shooting in Tennessee; July 24, a shoot-ing in Louisiana; and August 26, a shooting in Virginia—there were doz-ens more people who died from gunshot wounds whom we never heard of, but they meant something to their fami-lies. To this day their loss is experi-enced deeply by those who knew them well. 
Some of them were people who were 
close to those of us who serve in public service. Matthew Shlonsky was killed this summer in Washington, DC. On August 15 he was heading to a going- away party, and he had just stepped out of a cab when he was shot outside of the Shaw-Howard Metro station. He was the sixth gunshot victim in the Shaw area in a little over a week. 
Think about what it is like to live in 
a neighborhood in which there have been six shootings over the course of a week. Think of the fear that breeds in those communities. 
We knew Matthew because he was an 
intern for one of our colleagues. He was working as a consultant at Deloitte, but he had served as a Senate intern. He was an amazing kid by all accounts. He traveled the world, spoke two lan-guages, and was a star hockey player. His future was absolutely limitless. But because this city is awash in guns—many of them illegal, many of them in the hands of criminals who get them because of giant, gaping holes in our background check system—Mat-thew Shlonsky is no longer with us. He is dead at the age of 23. 
How about the heartbreaking story 
of Carey Gabay, who was 43 years old. He was serving as an assistant counsel to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, and before that he had been counsel of the Empire State Development Cor-poration. He died on September 16— just on the back end of the summer— after he was caught in the crossfire of a shooting in New York City. He was an innocent bystander when he was shot in the head while attending the pre-West Indian American Day Parade festival with friends and family. 
He was the son of Jamaican immi-
grants and grew up in public housing in the Bronx. He had done amazingly well. He attended Harvard University and Harvard Law School. He was working for the Governor and trying to make a better life for others by trying to give opportunities to kids who grow up in the same circumstance as he did. A friend described him as ‘‘an amazing human being who melded public serv-ice, professionalism, personal integrity with warmth and caring for everyone he knew.’’ He was 43 years old when he was gunned down in broad daylight outside of a festival simply because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
This summer 4,000 people were killed 
by guns, and not a single public hear-ing has occurred in the U.S. Senate to discuss a solution. There is not even 
mention of a debate happening anytime soon on the floor of the Senate as to how we stop these episodes of mass slaughter. We are averaging more than one mass shooting in this country every single day this year. That is as-tounding. That is shocking. Yet there is total, utter, absolute silence from the world’s greatest deliberative body on what we should do about it. 
I am the last person to say there is 
any panacea coming from the Congress on how to stem gun violence. We are never going to be able to eliminate these epidemic rates of gun violence just by one law or set of laws that are passed. But what is an absolute indict-ment of this place is that we don’t even try. 
I have made this contention on the 
floor before, and I will make it again. I truly believe our silence on this has be-come complicity. We have become ac-complices to these murders because by saying and doing nothing, we offer up a kind of quiet endorsement to people who exist in the fringes of their minds and who are thinking about contem-plating violence, and the leaders of this country are doing absolutely nothing to seriously condemn or stop their de-structive, malevolent behavior. Our si-lence has become complicit. 
I hope that at some point over the 
course of the rest of this year, we can begin a conversation as to how we can turn these numbers back in the right direction. There is no other country in the industrialized world that even comes close to these numbers. 
I can offer a suggestion on where to 
start. If between now and December we can’t come to a common understanding on our gun laws—I still don’t under-stand why we can’t just do that since 90 percent of Americans support expan-sive background checks—let’s start by fixing the mental health care system. 
I think there are a lot of reasons why 
Adam Lanza walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 20 kids over 2 years ago. The child advocate in Connecticut issued a damning report on his interactions with the mental health care system. His mother tried and tried and tried, but in the end she gave up and let him retreat into the isolation of his room, where he plotted these murders. That family and mother and young man ran into barrier after barrier and obstacle after obstacle try-ing to find a course of treatment for his very serious set of illnesses. 
What we know is that people with 
mental illness are much more likely to be the victims of gun violence than the perpetrators of it. There is no inherent connection between being mentally ill and being violent. There is no greater incidence of mental illness in the United States than anywhere else in the world. Yet we have epidemic rates of gun violence. But I will certainly be the first to admit that if we fix our mental health care system, it will help lots of people who have no intersec-tions with gun violence, and it will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.032 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6924 September 24, 2015 
push these numbers downward because 
some of these people are committing these murders because they are not getting treatment for serious illnesses. 
Senator C
ASSIDY and I—frankly, we 
don’t agree on a lot because he is a conservative Republican from the Deep South, and I am a progressive Demo-crat from the Northeast—introduced a mental health reform measure which has broad bipartisan support and which would seek to break down these bar-riers in order to get care for the seri-ously mentally ill and try to get the parents more involved in the care, es-pecially of young adults. It would in-crease the capacity in our mental health treatment system for both out-patient and inpatient care. Maybe over the course of the rest of this year, at the very least we can make a dent in the massive shortfalls in our behav-ioral health care system. 
The families I have become so close 
with in Sandy Hook, CT, commanded me to come down to the floor every week or so and tell these stories, the voices of victims. They would like us to come together on a set of meaning-ful changes to our gun laws. They just don’t understand why Adam Lanza was able to walk into the school with a gun that killed 20 little boys and girls in less than 5 minutes because of how powerful it was with the 30-round car-tridges he was able to use. They don’t want our inability to get action on gun laws to stop us from making other progress that would make the next Adam Lanza less likely. Maybe we can do that. But we should do something. 
Our silence is an embarrassment 
after this summer of mass shootings. These news reports should command us to action, but we, frankly, shouldn’t have had to wait for the news reports of shootings in Virginia or Louisiana or South Carolina because these num-bers were just as true last year as they are this year. Maybe there are more episodes of mass violence and mass shootings and headline-grabbing atroc-ities, but these numbers which reflect what is happening on the ground in New Haven, CT; Hartford, CT; Boston, MA; Chicago, IL; and Los Angeles have been a reality for a long time, and we should have woken up long ago. But maybe over the course of this year we can make some progress so that mov-ing forward there are a few less voices of victims to bring to the floor of the Senate. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOLKSWAGEN  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I rise to speak about recent revelations that Volkswagen woefully deceived 
regulators and the general public to ar-tificially lower emissions of its 2009 to 2015 Volkswagen and Audi diesel vehi-cles. These actions raise significant consumer, environmental, and public health concerns. 
According to the EPA’s Notice of 
Violation of the Clean Air Act, Volks-wagen used a sophisticated software al-gorithm on certain vehicles that de-tected when vehicles were undergoing emissions testing. This software—re-ferred to as a ‘‘defeat device’’—allows vehicles to meet emissions standards during testing, but under normal driv-ing situations, these same vehicles emit nitrogen oxides up to 40 times the allowable emissions standards. 
This is unbelievable. I think we can 
imagine that such technology exists, but I don’t think we ever thought that one of our major international car companies would be alleged to have used it. So far approximately 482,000 diesel vehicles sold in the United States and 11 million cars worldwide have been affected. A deliberate at-tempt like this by a company to mis-lead regulators and the general public is completely unacceptable. 
This raises serious questions that 
need answers: Why did Volkswagen, for more than a year, claim that the dis-crepancies in the emissions tests and the levels on the road were a technical error? Who at Volkswagen signed off on the defeat device? Did executives at Volkswagen know these actions were put into place to deliberately deceive regulators and the general public? Does the EPA have the necessary testing systems in place to detect such devices that trick the software? Have other auto manufacturers of clean diesel ve-hicles been tampering with their soft-ware to get around emissions stand-ards? How do we ensure that this never happens again? 
This is a matter of public trust. Con-
sumers were lied to and sold a product under false pretenses. Those consumers who brought certain Volkswagen Jettas, Beetles, Passats, and certain Audis with 2-liter diesel engines be-lieved they were purchasing a vehicle that would provide premium fuel econ-omy and performance while also meet-ing strict emissions standards. Who wouldn’t be enticed by these vehicles after they were named the ‘‘Green Car of the Year’’ and ‘‘Eco-Friendly Car of the Year’’ by national publications? 
We now know these consumers were 
duped and that they will now have to bring their vehicles under compliance to meet Federal emissions standards. Volkswagen will likely pay for the re-pairs but what about the costs of re-duced fuel economy and lower resale values? 
Congress intentionally included 
strong enforceability elements into the Clean Air Act statute. Regulations pro-mulgated under the Clean Air Act aimed to protect human health and the environment by reducing nitrogen oxide and other pollutants. Motor vehi-cles are the primary source of nitrogen 
oxide pollution from transportation. These highly reactive gases play a major role in atmospheric reactions that produce smog. 
That smog accelerates climate 
change and exacerbates respiratory dis-eases that harm human health, includ-ing asthma, which affects 23 million Americans, including 6 million chil-dren. 
That is why we have emissions stand-
ards. It is not just some far-off number that is put into place; it is to protect children from getting asthma; it is to protect the world from heating up; it is to ensure that we protect our environ-ment for generations to come. 
The Clean Air Act requires auto-
makers to certify to the EPA that their vehicles will meet applicable Fed-eral emissions standards to control air pollution. Through this process, Volks-wagen deceived regulators into believ-ing these vehicles produced low emis-sions. Vehicles with the defeat device emit anywhere from 5 to 40 times more nitrogen oxide than allowed by law while on the road. If we pick a number in the middle of the range—let’s say 20 times as much—it would mean that Volkswagen’s fleet in the U.S. produces 46,657 more tons of harmful smog. 
Changes to the EPA’s emissions 
standards testing process are needed as well. I have written to EPA Adminis-trator Gina McCarthy to express that concern. The EPA needs to explain why their systems did not detect this decep-tive software and what changes the Agency will be making with their test-ing processes. I strongly urge the EPA to establish robust safeguards to pre-vent automakers from gaming the sys-tem and prevent this from happening again. 
There must also be a full investiga-
tion into Volkswagen’s actions. The Department of Justice is conducting a criminal investigation into the com-pany’s actions, and I urge DOJ to leave no stone unturned in its investigation to determine how a company could have willfully deceived Federal regu-lators and the general public. 
Volkswagen must conduct a thor-
ough and comprehensive public edu-cation campaign to ensure that all owners of these vehicles are made aware of the defect and are informed about where and when they can go to get their vehicle fixed. 
The Department of Transportation, 
which has expertise with vehicle re-calls, should also play an active role. If we learned anything from the General Motors and Takata airbag recalls, it is that recalls need to be broad enough from the outset and cover affected ve-hicle models and years, the general public needs to know how and where to get their vehicle repaired, and auto-makers must have a system in place to make timely repairs with replacement 
parts that truly fix the problem. 
Other agencies, such as the Federal 
Trade Commission, should also take a serious look at how they can help in this process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.033 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6925 September 24, 2015 
As a member of both the Senate 
Commerce Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee, I believe that consumers must be protected. I also be-lieve Volkswagen’s competitors that actually follow the law should be able to play on an even playing field. Other car companies that follow the law did the right thing. They put the right sys-tems in place, and they should not be penalized because one car company did this. They should have been able to play on an even playing field. If there is an uneven playing field, it hurts American employees, it hurts Amer-ican companies, and mostly it hurts American consumers. 
The actions by Volkswagen to delib-
erately deceive consumers around the world about the emissions levels in their cars is fundamentally about a breach in trust. Consumers thought they were getting the same product that was being advertised, when what they were getting was a product that met those standards only when it was tested, only for 1 day, and only for the time of the emissions testing. 
As Federal agencies move forward 
with their investigation, it is critical that we get to the bottom of this to figure out how this happened, what the extent was, and if it is happening with any other automakers to ensure that what happened never happens again. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PILOT ’S BILL OF RIGHTS 2  
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
wish to take advantage of an oppor-tunity to bring up the subject that no one is talking about now. Of course, right now everyone has been in the middle of the Pope’s visit and other things and what is happening with the Iran bill and the votes we have. I wish to mention there is something else very significant going on right now, that we are in the middle of, and that is the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. 
To put it into perspective, 3 years 
ago last month we had the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 1, and it was one people were not aware of. There are only 617,000 pi-lots in America, so it is not one of these issues that gets an awful lot of attention. But the mere fact that those 617,000 people—many of them are sin-gle-issue people. A lot of people are not aware that prior to the passage of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 3 years ago, there was just one area left within our sys-tem whereupon you are guilty until proven innocent. 
That is exactly what we corrected 
with that bill, just to refresh the mem-ory of my colleagues. It gave the pilots who were accused of something the evi-dence that was used against them. I 
had a personal experience with it. It actually happened to me. I was never sensitive to that until such time as I experienced it myself. 
What we have right now is we are up 
to 64 cosponsors of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. The major part of this bill is something that is out there that doesn’t resolve anything. Ten years ago, as kind of an experiment, we put in a sport pilot-eligible exemption so that the pilots of small aircraft would not have to have what they call a third-class medical. The result of this was that after a 10-year period, the medical safety experience of these pi-lots has been identical to those with medical certificates. A joint study was made following that by the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association and by the EAA, the Experimental Aircraft Association, of the 46,976 accidents over a 6-year period. Of those, only 99 had a medical cause as a factor. That is less than one-quarter of 1 percent. Of those 99, none would have been pre-vented by the current third-class med-ical. That shows that experiment worked and there is no reason to have a third-class medical. 
So people are aware that some 
changes have been made, I want to briefly outline the modifications that have been made. The modifications re-quire three things for pilots to qualify for an exemption. The exemption we are talking about is the exemption from having to take a third-class med-ical exemption process every 2 years— sometimes more extensive than that. 
First, pilots will have to complete an 
online medical education course. Sec-ondly, pilots have to maintain verifica-tion that they have been to a doctor at least once every 4 years and certify that they are receiving the care they need by a physician to treat any med-ical condition that warrants it. Third, a pilot would have to complete a com-prehensive medical review by the FAA. That would be applied to a new pilot, so they establish a benchmark as to what a pilot’s physical condition is. 
The pilot would be required to take 
an online medical course every 2 years. This gives the pilot access to informa-tion on medical issues that may not be covered by a doctor in a medical exam-ination but that would have an impact on their physical condition to fly. For example, this course would make sure pilots are aware of impacts on inter-actions of over-the-counter and pre-scription medications and how these interactions could impact their flying capabilities. Requiring pilots to take this course boosts aviation safety for the aviation community. 
Secondly, pilots would need to com-
plete an exam by their personal physi-cian at least once every 4 years and in-clude a proof of their doctor’s visit in their logbooks. This resolves the prob-lem most people are concerned about; that they would have to at least see a physician and be assured that they didn’t have some condition they didn’t have prior to that. Furthermore, the 
pilots would be required to certify that they are under the care and treatment of a doctor for any medical condition that would warrant treatment. Pilots would do this instead of visiting an aviation medical examiner every 2 years and sometimes even more fre-quently than that. With this modifica-tion, we are actually encouraging pi-lots to be honest about their health and seek treatment for it. 
Right now pilots are incentivized to 
hide any medical condition from the FAA, including by not seeking treat-ment for it, out of the fear that the pilot might lose his wings. We don’t want that to happen. People who are not pilots do not realize how signifi-
cant it is that you don’t want to be taken out of the air, particularly for some reason that is not justified. Pi-lots, like any individual, maintain stronger relationships with their per-sonal physician, and this is a good thing that fosters an honest dialogue between pilots and doctors, which is something we should all want and something that is not there today. 
We want pilots to get the treatment 
they need. Any medically treated pilot is safer than one who is not being treated. So for many pilots the most burdensome aspects of the FAA con-troversy is simply the constant churn of submitting paperwork over and over, every 2 years or less, even when there has been no change in their medical status. This bill, as modified, gives pi-lots a break from the bureaucracy. 
The third requirement for pilots to 
receive the third-class medical exemp-tion is to complete one FAA medical review. So if a new pilot comes in, we need a benchmark—where is that pilot, what is his physical condition today— so as time goes by we can see how he might be changing. If someone does not have an existing medical certificate, such as new pilots who have never gone through an exam, they would have to do it before they fall into qualifying for the exemption. By the way, of the 617,000 pilots in America today, this is the one thing that concerns me more than anything else, which is to have to go back and go through the type of ex-amination they are required to, now that we know the 10-year experiment of being exempt has worked. 
There is one caveat. If a pilot flying 
under the third-class medical exemp-tion is diagnosed with a severe condi-tion—let’s talk about maybe a heart attack—then they need to go through the FAA special issuance process to re-ceive medical clearance to fly again. Again, this would only be needed to be done one time. 
The ability of the FAA to maintain a 
stranglehold on pilots will be gone. I am confident the changes will result in a safer flying environment. I want to reiterate that the Pilot’s Bill of Rights does not change the certification standard to obtain a pilot’s certificate. All pilots still have to possess the pi-lot’s certificate, pass the required prac-tical tests and necessary check rides to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.040 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6926 September 24, 2015 
demonstrate that they have the knowl-
edge, skills, and ability to safely oper-ate their plane. 
Further, this bill does not change the 
fundamental responsibility of every pilot to self-certify their ability to fly each time they get into the cockpit of a plane. I am a pilot, and every time I get in a plane I make a conscious deci-sion that I am fit to fly. Everyone I know who is a pilot does the same thing. 
Again, all of this is not necessary. 
When you go back and realize that over the 10 years of the experiment with a limited number of pilots there were no changes. There is no difference between those who have or have not had the pilot exams. With these changes, the third-class medical exemption and the Pilot’s Bill of Rights is enjoying a greater level of support from Members of the Senate. Support from general aviation is strongly bipartisan. Sixty- four of my colleagues are cosponsors of this legislation. Half of those are Democrats and half are Republicans. Groups representing general aviation in the community and in the pilot unions have declared their support for the bill. General aviation organiza-tions, such as the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, the Experimental Pilots Association, and the General Aviation Manufacturers Association, support the bill. The National Associa-tion of State Aviation Officials support the bill, the Allied Pilots Association and the Southwest Pilots Association, both unions which represent 23,000 pi-lots who fly for American Airlines, U.S. Airways, and Southwest Airlines, support the bill. Pilots for NetJets sup-port the bill. 
The bill has strong bipartisan sup-
port. I urge all the Members who sup-port general aviation and all the eco-nomic activity of general aviation to be a part of this bill. 
One of the reasons I am doing this 
today is one of the two organizations— and I am not sure which one it is, it is either the AOPA or the AA—is doing a major effort right now to encourage the pilot population out there to en-courage their Members of the Senate to cosponsor this bill. Again, we currently have 64 sponsors of the bill. I can’t think of any reason we can’t get every-one else. The same individuals who supported it 3 years ago should be there to support it. So I encourage those few Members of the Senate who are not sponsors to look at it very carefully. 
It may be 617,000 people are not a lot 
of people, but of the 617,000 people, most of them are single-issue people. So it would be very good to join in on this. This is something we now have demonstrated clearly is not going to incur any safety hazards and it is going to be a real godsend for pilots who don’t want to go through this bureauc-racy every 2 years or more frequently in some cases. The bill is out there, and it is one I feel very strongly that we ought to be able to work into our floor use probably in the next very short pe-
riod of time. 
With that, I do yield the floor be-
cause my very good friend from Dela-ware is here to say something pro-found. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING  
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I 
don’t know that I will say anything profound, but I appreciate the chair-man of our committee saying that. 
Madam President, and fellow native 
West Virginian, I will show a map of the United States in just a minute, and there are some States that are delay-ing and some States that are cutting back on transportation projects. One of them is West Virginia. One of them is Delaware. I want to talk a little bit about that. 
Before I do, I would like to go back in 
time 10 months to the election of last year. I am reminded of the message I heard from the electorate that came out of that election. To simplify it, there were three things they were try-ing to tell us. No. 1, they want us to work together; No. 2, they want us to get things done; and, No. 3, they want us to get things done that will actually strengthen our economic recovery. 
If you go back in time to the Janu-
ary—the week Barack Obama and J
OE 
BIDEN were inaugurated as President 
and Vice President, 628,000 people filed for unemployment insurance in that 1 week in January of 2009. Any time that weekly number of people filing for un-employment insurance is over 400,000, we are losing jobs in this country and in the economy. 
Last Thursday we got a number from 
the Department of Labor. Last week’s number was about 265,000 who filed for unemployment. That was last week. There is a new number today—I am not sure what it was, but for the last 28 weeks that number of people filing for unemployment insurance has been under 300,000. I think that is the long-est that we have been keeping track, where we had 28 consecutive weeks where fewer than 300,000 people in this country were applying for unemploy-ment insurance. That number is way under 400,000, so we are adding jobs, and we are expecting to continue to add jobs in this country. 
There are still people looking for jobs 
in my State, there are in West Vir-ginia, and other States as well, but when you consider the unemployment rate was about 10 percent in the early part of 2009 and today it is a little over 5 percent, we are making progress, but we can make a lot more progress. 
One of the ways we can make 
progress is by dealing with our fiscal plan and not hold the Nation’s econ-omy hostage with our inability to pass a spending plan. And God help us if we 
drop the ball on this again and have another shutdown. I sure hope we come to our senses and avoid doing that. My hope is that we will. 
One of the other ways we can 
strengthen our economic recovery—and it is right out there for us to seize and 
do—is to make sure that in a nation where roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems are deteriorating, where we need to make improvements and we need to build, frankly, new projects—new highways, bridges, roads and transit systems—at the very least we need to maintain the quality of what we have or improve the quality of road safety, surfaces, potholes, you name it. There is a lot of work to be done, and there are a lot of people who would like to do the work. 
The McKinsey Global Institute, an 
arm of the national consulting firm McKinsey, looked at what we could do for our growing GDP in this country if we fully funded a 6-year transportation 
plan, what we could do for an employ-ment opportunity if we funded a 6-year transportation plan, and the numbers are remarkable—I think amazing. 
We were told that fully funding a 6- 
year transportation plan would grow our GDP by approximately 1.5 percent per year—not for 1 year but for the life of the transportation plan that we funded—probably 6 years at 1.5 percent a year. When you consider the GDP growth over the last couple years, even though it is better than it was, adding 1.5 percent of the GDP growth would help our economy grow in a robust way. We are told by McKinsey & Com-pany’s study that a 6-year transpor-tation plan robustly funded would put about 1.8 million people to work. A lot of folks would like to be building roads, highways, and transportation systems, and they don’t have employment op-portunities because we are not funding them. We are not funding them. 
Let’s take a quick look at this map if 
we could. The States that are gray are States, as far as we know, that are not planning to delay or cancel projects. They are not even considering delaying projects, but the States that are in red, including Delaware over here, are States that have delayed or cancelled projects. The States that are in yellow, including West Virginia, are States that are considering project delays. 
That is not good. I have not counted 
the number of States—it looks like seven—that are in red. Those are the States that have delayed projects. More than that, probably 10, are con-sidering doing that. Why is it impor-tant for us to fully fund at the Federal level—do our share for roads, high-ways, bridges, transit funding? It is be-cause about half of the money that our States spend through their depart-ments of transportation, half their money comes from Federal user fees— largely Federal user fees—primarily, not entirely, but primarily user fees on the sale of gasoline. It has been un-changed in 23 years—not since 1993—22 years. The user fee on diesel has been unchanged for some 22 years, right where we were. The price of everything else goes up. Concrete goes up, asphalt goes up, steel goes up, and labor goes up. 
We have more energy-efficient vehi-
cles. They are not using as much gas or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.045 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6927 September 24, 2015 
diesel. That is a good thing, but it is 
also a bad thing for having funding for transportation projects. So I want to look at a map and would invite all of us to consider it. I don’t anybody who says—any economist worth their salt— who does not say: Fully funding a multi-year transportation plan, not for 6 months or 3 months, something like that, but fully funding it—robustly funding it for 6 years—will do great things for our economy. 
The reason we end up with job 
growth of something like 1.8 million people, according to McKinsey and Company, is because the economy works far more efficiently if roads, highways, bridges are operating and working well. So I just want to share that and start off my remarks today. 
I have some numbers here that I 
would like to share. So far in 2015, this year, four States—Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, and Wyoming—have shelved some $805 million in projects due to the uncertainty over Federal funds. Again, the uncertainty is over roughly half the money that they are going to spend on roads, highways, and bridges. It comes from Federal user fees, Federal taxes. 
Our transportation system—at least 
the way we fund it—has been broken since 2008. Since that time, in the last 5 or 6 years, we have passed I think 12 short-term patches to the tune of near-ly $74 billion. How do we pay for them? We pay for them with budget gim-micks. That is how we do it. And we pay for them with debt. When we issue debt, we borrow money. We sell Treas-ury securities, and we sell them around the world. Among the countries that buy them are China and the Chinese people. We are then beholden to them as our creditors. It puts us in a situa-tion that I do not find too comfortable. My guess is some of you don’t either. 
There are better alternatives to fund 
our Nation’s transportation system. I only mentioned a couple of them. I feel as if I have not a magic wand but the ability to see into the future. Twenty years from now, I think there is a pret-ty good chance that we will have fig-ured out how to pay for roads, high-ways, bridges, and transit systems by figuring out how to make sure those folks who use transportation pay for it. One of the ways we are trying to do that—they have been trying to do that in Oregon for almost 10 years. They have something called road user charge. Some people have heard of that term. More people have heard of some-thing called vehicle miles traveled, and the ability to say your vehicle—I don’t care what kind of vehicle it is, but we know how many miles that vehicle travels on a road, highway or bridge in the course of a year. There is fee that is attached to that. Some people are uncomfortable with that because it has implications on privacy. I can under-stand that. 
In Oregon they are trying to figure it 
out. They have got about 5,000 vehi-cles—at least—in their system. They are sort of—I like to say States are lab-
oratories of democracy. In this case, Oregon is trying to be the laboratory. I believe California is looking at being another laboratory to figure out we make something like vehicle miles traveled work in a State. Oregon is good-sized state, and California is a very big State. If they can do that, 
then we will learn from them, not just at the State level but perhaps at the Federal level as well. 
I think we will be funding projects— 
not just now but in the future, 20 years from now—through tooling. When I travel back to my native State of West Virginia, I go through West Virginia and I pay tolls. When I was a little kid and they first built the turnpike, we would have to stop and find change— whatever—stop every 5 or 10 miles. You don’t do that anymore. We don’t do that anymore in Delaware either, be-cause we have—in Delaware and I think in West Virginia—highway-speed E-ZPass. It is an express E-ZPass. You go through, and it is charged to your credit card that you have already es-tablished when you establish your E- ZPass plan. 
Also, we now have the technology 
that even if folks don’t have an E- ZPass—in some tolling operations around the country, a person drives through in their vehicle, car, truck, van, whatever the system—when you go through the toll plaza, they don’t collect a toll. They have a highly accu-rate camera with the ability to take pictures of the vehicle and great pic-tures of your license plates, and then they send a bill to the owner of that vehicle. So you don’t even have to have high-speed E-ZPass. But a combination of those two, systems like E-ZPass and systems like the one I just described where people drive through with no E- ZPass or a similar system, but they ac-tually get billed for it later on. They do not get billed and fined; they just get billed for it. If you don’t pay it, then I am sure something will happen. 
But I think 20 years from now we will 
have something that looks a lot like that. My guess is we will also have user fees, but not everybody likes tolling. As it turns out, Oregon has been work-ing on road user charge, also known as vehicle miles traveled. They have been working on it for 10 years, and they have got 5,000 people in the plan. So this is not going to happen in 5 years or 10 years, but maybe 20 years for both a combination of tolling and vehicle miles traveled. 
There is another idea out there that 
is used in some places around the coun-try. It is called 3P or P3. When I first heard that, I thought they were talk-ing about P–3 airplanes. I spent a lot of years of my life as a naval flight officer in P–3 aircraft. I used to command them, but they were not talking about airplanes when they were talking about P3. They were talking about pub-lic-private partnerships. We have some pretty good examples of where that is working. We can learn from those in different States. I think that can be 
part of the future. It ought to be. 
Put the three of them together, is 
that a comprehensive plan? Not en-tirely, but it is pretty good approach. It is a heck of a lot better than what we have been doing: pension smooth-ing, increasing fees for TSA. Instead of improving aviation safety, we put the money in the transportation trust fund. Raising Customs fees—instead of putting the money in ways to make 
our borders most robust and so forth, we put some of that money in the transportation trust fund. 
We sell oil out of the Strategic Petro-
leum Reserve—I think probably at a bad time to sell it, when the price is really low. They say: Buy low, sell high. Well, if we are going to sell petro-leum out of the petroleum reserve—the price of oil is about as low right now as it has been in a long, long time. 
I am told that—I don’t know if it was 
last week or the week before—there are 10,000 gasoline stations across the country where they are selling gasoline for less than $2 a gallon. I don’t know what they are charging in West Vir-ginia, but I filled up my Chrysler Town and Country minivan, which has 403,000 miles on it, and I paid $2.15 a gallon. There are some places in Delaware where people are paying less and in neighboring New Jersey where they are paying less. But right now, it does not make much sense to sell oil out of our Strategic Petroleum Reserve. There are some people who want to and who want to use that money to go into the transportation trust fund. I think that is foolish. We have to be smarter than that. 
I have another chart I want us to 
take a look at. I want to thank ‘‘Vanna White’’ here for putting up these charts. I will pay for that later. This chart talks about legislation—it is kind of ironic. That is S. 1994. I men-tioned earlier how the last time we raised the Federal gasoline and diesel tax or fee was in 1993 when we raised it to 18 cents for gas and about 23, 24 cents for diesel. They have been there for 22 years. 
One of the things I have done is in-
troduce legislation, and I have done so with D
ICKDURBIN , who used to serve on 
the Bowles-Simpson Commission—re-member the Bowles-Simpson Commis-sion. I thought it was a great approach to figure out how to seriously address our Nation’s deficit in a variety of ways. One of the ways that Bowles- Simpson said we should address our deficit situation—I will say our budget deficits are down—topped out, I think, in 2009 at $1.4 trillion. This year we are down about $400 billion. Is that an im-provement? Yes, it is. Do we have some ways to go? We sure do. 
What Bowles-Simpson suggested is 
that we raise the gas or diesel tax at the Federal level by a penny each quar-ter, a penny every 3 months for 15 quar-ters. So effectively you would be rais-ing the gas or diesel tax by 3 or 4 cents a year for 4 years and index it going forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.048 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6928 September 24, 2015 
What Senator D URBIN and I have in-
troduced is actually something quite similar to that, which a majority of the Bowles-Simpson Commission voted for. It is called the Traffic Relief Act. What it calls for is an annual 4 cent gas increase in gas and diesel. That would be for a total of about 4 years—4 cents a year for 4 years. After that, we would index those user fees, those taxes, to the rate of inflation. The rate of infla-tion is pretty low lately, so they would not go up very much if the rate of in-flation stays where it is. If the rate of inflation rears its head again, then that would be different. 
A fellow who was a member of my 
staff back in Wilmington, DE—when we introduced this bill, the price for gas at a station in the neighborhood where his family buys gas—in the space of 2 days, the price of gas either went up or went down by 13 cents. It went up in 2 days, 13 cents. As we know, the price of oil moves up and down all of the time. 
My own belief is—and I have heard 
this from a lot of people—there are a lot of days or a lot of weeks where the price of gas or diesel goes up a lot more than 4 cents. Right now our world is not literally awash in oil but certainly figuratively awash in oil. One of the reasons the price at the pump for gas and diesel is so low—as I said earlier, a couple of weeks ago there were 10,000 gas stations across the country selling gas for less than two bucks a gallon. One of the reasons it is so low is be-cause the United States is producing a lot more than we have for some time, and so are a bunch of other countries, including the OPEC nations. 
With the approval of the Iran agree-
ment, as the Iranians comply with the agreement—my hope is that they will comply in spirit and in letter, and then as a result of that, they will be in a po-sition to begin selling. They have only been selling some of their oil products to customers, including I think India, maybe Japan, China, but they will be able to sell more products. A world that is already awash in oil is going to find that Iran, which I think has the fourth greatest oil reserves in the world, is going to be back in the mar-ket and selling their own products. I believe that will keep the prices from rising anytime soon. And I think there is reason to believe that the price at the pump, which is already quite low, might even go down further. Time will tell. 
I have one last poster board here I 
wish to look at for just a moment. 
Our legislation—this is a typo here. 
It says that it restores $240 billion for the highway trust fund. It is not $240 billion, it is $220 billion. Still, com-pared to what? Compared to nothing. Compared to doing nothing, it is a whole lot. If we had a status quo, any kind of a status quo increase—a high-way bill or a transportation bill—we would use maybe half of that. So what we are talking about is double, just getting by, And we have such a backlog of work to do, that it doesn’t make sense just to push enough money to 
these projects to get by. 
This would provide roughly twice 
that amount of money and would maybe not raise our GDP by 1.5 per-cent, but it would sure raise it. It may not put 1.8 million people to work over the next year, but it would put a lot of people to work and people who like to do these jobs. 
The money would fully fund the Fed-
eral highway and transit programs in our country. It would increase invest-ments in upgrades and in repairs as well. It would do it in a way that doesn’t drop a huge burden on users of these products—gasoline and diesel— all in one fell swoop. It is like 4 cents a year over 4 years. After 4 years, there will be a 16-cent increase. 
People say: Well, what is that in 
terms of practical impact? What does that actually mean for somebody? 
I am told that it is actually—I don’t 
drink a lot of coffee, but my friends who do get a small coffee over in the Dirksen Building across the street. They pay $1.70, and if they get a me-dium-sized coffee, it is like $2.50, and a really big one is maybe a little bit over $3. This is not really fancy coffee but just a regular cup of coffee with cream and sugar, and the price is maybe $2 or $3. Literally for the price of a cup of coffee a week, for those of us who use roads, highways, bridges, who buy gas, who buy diesel, we could have a much better transportation system. This isn’t $10 a week or $20 a week or $30 a week. That increase over 4 years—4 cents a year for 4 years—without the data for the average driver, that is about a cup of coffee a week. Is that too much to pay for roads, highways, bridges, and a good transit system? I don’t think so. 
There is an interest in offsetting 
some of these increases with a regres-sive tax, but there is an interest in off-setting some of that by making some tweaks like Michigan is going to do with their State earned-income tax credit with a Republican Governor and Republican legislature. I think there is maybe a lesson or something we can do there to help address the regressive na-ture of this tax. 
I close by saying I come to this floor 
from time to time and I mention one of the things I love to do. I don’t know if you ever do this, Madam President, but I love to ask people who have been married a long time ‘‘What is the se-cret for being married for a long time?’’ I have done it for years. I have asked this question of hundreds of peo-ple who are older folks who have been married 30 years, 40 years, 50 years, 60 years, 70 years. I ask them ‘‘What is the secret?’’ I get hilarious answers. I get some that are very poignant and others are just plain memorable for a lot of reasons. But the best answer I have ever gotten is there are two C’s. What are the two C’s? Communicate and compromise. 
That is not only the secret for a vi-
brant marriage between two people, it is also the secret for a vibrant democ-
racy, to communicate and compromise. I would add a third C, and that is to collaborate. What the American people said to us last November—whether 
they are Republicans, Democrats, or Independents—is that they want us to communicate, they want us to com-promise, and they want us to collabo-rate, and we need to do that. 
One idea I have not mentioned here 
bears mentioning. It was an idea that was endorsed last year by the adminis-tration and was endorsed last year by the immediate past chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, with whom our President served, Dave Camp. He retired earlier this year as a Congressman from Michigan, a very good person. What they proposed is international tax reform. What both Chairman Camp at the time and the administration said is that there are about $2 trillion in overseas profits of American companies. They are just keeping it over there and they are not that anxious to bring it back because they don’t want to have to pay—I don’t know—35 percent, 33 percent, 32 per-cent, 29 percent. They are looking for a lower tax break and then to bring it back when it makes sense. 
The administration and Dave Camp 
said: Let’s deem it repatriated. 
The Treasury said: All right. You 
have money over there, American com-panies. Bring it back. It is going to be taxed at about 10 percent. 
That was the proposal. The administration said: American 
companies that have money over there, we want you to bring it back. You won’t be taxed at 35 percent or 25 per-cent, but you will be taxed at about 14 percent. 
That is an idea, and it is an inter-
esting idea. It doesn’t solve the prob-lem forever. It provides one-time money—quite a bit of it—for roads, bridges, rail, and for airports as well. It doesn’t solve the problem permanently, but it surely gives us a lot of money. Not every company likes that idea, and not everybody who serves here likes that idea, but it is a serious idea, and it is one that deserves a lot of consider-
ation, and I hope we will do that. 
Let me just say this. At the end of 
the day, if we come to the end of this calendar year—when we run out of money yet again for roads, highways, and bridges and we say ‘‘Well, what are we going to do now?’’—we will have not just the States I pointed out here in yellow and red that are bailing on projects, delaying and stopping them in some cases, we will have a lot more yellow and a whole lot more red on the map I had up earlier. What do we do about it? Do we just do what we have done for 5 years and kick the can down the road yet again and look for cats and dogs and wherever we can find a few bucks and sort of throw them at the problem for a while, not make a real committed effort? Frankly, we are not giving the voters in this country any reason to feel encouraged about our courage. I hope we don’t do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.049 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6929 September 24, 2015 
If at the end of the day we don’t do 
some kind of international tax reform, good ideas such as expanding tolling, vehicle miles traveled, and public-pri-vate partnerships—those are all good ideas, and I hope we grow them all. We are not going to have them all in place in the kind of scope we need by the end of this year. 
If we find ourselves at a time and 
place where we run out of money, where the States are looking to us and we are running out of money at the Federal level—and the price of gas is two bucks a gallon at gas stations across America—my hope is people will say: You know, for the price of a cup of coffee, I could have good roads, high-ways, bridges, and transit systems again. For the price of a cup of coffee a week, I could have that. Forty cents a week, maybe. 
Maybe that is not a bad deal for their 
family or for our country. I want peo-ple to think about that. 
In the weeks to come, I am going to 
be talking a lot about this proposal. My hope is that as time goes buy, peo-ple will say—like my dad used to say in West Virginia when my sister and I were little kids growing up and they were in West Virginia—my dad used to say to my sister and me after we had done yet another boneheaded stunt: Just use some common sense. He said that a lot. He did not say it that nice-ly. But I think this may be an oppor-tunity for us to use some of that com-mon sense here, and I know he would approve, and at the end of the day, so would the voters of America. 
There are a number of States that 
have actually done what I am talking about. They have raised their user fees, and in some cases they have phased them in over a couple of years. It is in-teresting what happened in the elec-tions last year where the State legisla-tors had voted to do that, where they raised the user fees in order to would pay for roads, highways, and bridges. Interestingly enough, the legislators who voted for that—Republicans— didn’t get thrown out of office. Ninety- five percent of them were reelected. They won their primaries, they won their general elections, and they were reelected. The Democrats who voted for those modest user fees increases didn’t get thrown out of office either. In the States that raised the money lo-cally to make the improvements that were needed in transportation, 90 per-cent of the Democrats won their pri-maries and they won their general elec-tions. They were reelected. 
People want us to make hard choices 
here. They don’t want us to continue to kid them or fool them; they want us to do the real thing. They want us to work together. They want us to get things done. They want us to strength-en our economic recovery, and this is not a bad way to do that. 
With that, I see a great American 
from New Mexico has joined us. He is somebody who has worked with the Senator from Louisiana and the Sen-ator who was just here before, Mr. 
I
NHOFE , the chairman of the EPW Com-
mittee, to try to find a good way for us to strengthen the economic recovery and at the same time to further clean our air, promote public health, and do good things for our public environ-ment. I wish to say to T
OMUDALL how 
proud I am to be his colleague and how much I appreciate his leadership posi-
tion on a very important issue, an en-vironmental law that hasn’t been up-dated in almost 40 years and, frankly, doesn’t work. It has never worked, and we need to do something about it. Under his leadership, along with our other two colleagues, my hope is that we will. I look forward to what he has to say. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
TSCA 
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, 
thank you very much for the recogni-tion. 
I wish to say to Senator C
ARPER  
about TSCA that we have been working on—you were one of the early Senators who really cared about this issue. You were involved with it, and you helped it develop. Over time, we did a mar-velous thing in terms of improving what Senator Frank Lautenberg had put on the table, bipartisan—he devel-oped a lot of Republican and Demo-cratic support—and you were a key player all the way through. 
So we know—we think at this point, 
you and I believe—and we do a lot of visiting around on both sides of the aisle—that this is ready to go. We now have I think 53 cosponsors. We are de-veloping more cosponsors every day, and we don’t think there is any real hostility toward the bill in terms of wanting amendments that aren’t rel-evant. That is a key factor for us, and both sides need to focus on that. 
I would like to express my apprecia-
tion to you for what you have done on TSCA to help blend it into and make it into a bipartisan product. We have been trying—you know, it has been very busy with the Pope in town, with the sequester facing us and the shut-down and things such as that. We have been trying to get onto the floor to talk about this, and I think we are going to continue to do that in the fu-ture. But it is tremendously important that this gets some floor time now, and I know you have been working on that with me. 
Do you see this as a product that is 
better than current law? I mean, my sense is it is much better than the cur-rent law. 
Mr. CARPER. If I could respond to 
my friend, I have a friend who—when you ask him ‘‘How are you doing?’’ he says ‘‘Compared to what?’’ And when we talk about the legislation initially introduced by Senator Lautenberg, Senator V
ITTER , and now coauthored 
by you, Senator V ITTER , and Senator 
INHOFE , with input from a number of 
us, I always say: Well, compared to what? The idea here is to ensure that the 
EPA does its due diligence on toxic substances in this country. And there are thousands or tens of thousands of chemicals—you know better than I do—that exist in our environment—in our air, our ground, in water—tens of thousands. Are they all toxic? No. But my recollection—correct me if I am wrong in this, but I think that out of those thousands, tens of thousands, I believe the EPA in the last 38 years has actually done their due diligence on really fewer than 200, maybe even fewer than 10 when you get down to it, maybe even just 5. 
And you say: How long has this bill 
been around, this law been around? Thirty-eight years. And they have now finished work on five highly toxic sub-stances? If we can’t do better than that, we ought to quit, and this is not the time to quit. 
It is sort of like football. You take 
the kickoff, and you are in your own territory and you start marching down the field. You get into the other team’s territory, get down to the 20-yard line, and you are in the red zone—not in the end zone, but you are in the red zone. 
I think with your leadership and that 
of our colleagues, we are in the red zone. We need to bring this onto the floor with 53 cosponsors equally divided between Democrats and Republicans. There is a lot of interest in the House, and I think there is support from the administration. We ought to get this done. 
Thank you. Mr. UDALL. Madam President, it 
bears repeating. Senator C
ARPER is 
very modest, and he is a humble man, but he has done a lot to help bring us to this point. I think he is one of the Senators here who work the best across the aisle, and that is what has hap-pened. We have had a lot of Senators who have wanted to work across the aisle on this bill. As Senator C
ARPER  
knows, on the Environment and Public Works Committee, he was joined by Senator B
OOKER , Senator W HITEHOUSE , 
and Senator M ERKLEY in terms of help-
ing to mark up the bill and make it a better product. 
When the Senator talks about going 
across the finish line, with 53 cospon-sors about evenly divided between Democrat and Republican—I think it is almost exactly even—that sends a sig-nal to our majority leader that this has tremendous support in both caucuses. I believe the Presiding Officer here is on the bill. So everybody standing on the Senate floor right now is on what is a good, bipartisan product. 
So we are going to work very care-
fully in the next couple of days to see that attention is brought to this, and hopefully we will have an opportunity to have a debate with amendments and then meet with the House. The House, as Senator C
ARPER knows, has already 
passed a piece of legislation, I think 378 to 1—1 person in the House opposing it. So we have a bill that is alive and ready to go, and we need to get it out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.051 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6930 September 24, 2015 
of the Senate so we can conference it 
with the House and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. 
I don’t know if the Senator has any 
other thoughts on what is the best way to move forward. I mean, obviously we have to be bipartisan, but at this par-ticular point, is it the Senator’s sense we are ready to go, from everything he has seen from the Environment and Public Works Committee and these other Senators in various places? Is it ready to go? 
Mr. CARPER. If I may respond to my 
colleague’s question, I don’t care if the majority leader is a Republican or a Democrat—they are always trying to figure out how do we have time on the calendar to get this stuff done. They are always looking at ways. And one of the best ways to ensure legislation ac-tually fits into a reasonably small pe-riod of time is to line up bipartisan support. 
I tell my colleague, I have been here 
in the Senate for a while, and this is al-most a picture-book way to pass legis-lation: Work it up through the grass-roots—Democratic Lautenberg and Re-publican V
ITTER and now with your 
role and others. There are not many bills in the Senate that have 26 or 27 Democrats and an equal number of Re-publicans. 
Has everything been worked out? No. 
Is there a need for amendments? Yes. Is there a need for a filibuster? No. We should bring it to the floor. 
I think we should go to the majority 
leader and visit with him early and often and continue to remind him. And those who believe in this, whether they happen to be on the environmental side or happen to be folks in the health care arena or maybe on the manufacturing side—and we thank those who have helped us draft this—we ask for them not to be silent about it but to urge not just us but the leadership to find time—a couple of days—to bring this bill to the floor and just get it done. 
With that, I say to my colleague and 
the Presiding Officer, if I put down my microphone and pack up my bag, I can have dinner with my wife in the First State of Delaware, and that is my goal. So I will bid you adieu. 
Mr. UDALL. I thank the Senator. I 
wish you Godspeed on that train head-ed to Wilmington because you have a wonderful wife. 
Mr. CARPER. Well, it is not the last 
train to Clarksville, but it is the next train to Wilmington. 
Mr. UDALL. And let me say again 
that not only on TSCA, as Senator C
ARPER held, we were going to have 
speeches earlier in the week, but we were unable, with some of the sched-uling issues and everything, to get down here and talk as a group. We had Senator W
HITEHOUSE , who was going to 
come down, and Senator M ERKLEY was 
going to come down, as well as several of the key members of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee who played such a big role in terms of moving this bill forward. The person who really kicked this off 
was Senator Frank Lautenberg. What a star in terms of bipartisanship. I re-member working with him when I was on the Environment and Public Works Committee for a long period of time on a very substantive piece of legislation. It was so good, we couldn’t find much bipartisanship on it, and he understood that. It got out of the committee. It wasn’t ready for prime time here on the floor, and so what we ended up doing was saying we need to go back to square one. Senator Lautenberg took that very seriously. He met with Sen-ator V
ITTER . Senator M ANCHIN played a 
role in that, and Senator M ANCHIN was 
one of the ones who were going to come to the floor to talk, and he played a role in getting them together. As a re-sult, a bipartisan bill came out in the last Congress. That has continued now for almost 2
1⁄2years, and it is a very 
good product. 
Madam President, the American peo-
ple want a government that works, not one that shuts down to send a message. They want a Congress that moves the Nation forward, not one that grinds to a halt. They want a responsible budget that supports working families and strengthens our economy and creates jobs. These should be our priorities, not an attack on women’s health care. 
I understand some people have strong 
views about a woman’s right to choose that are different from mine. There are strong differences of opinion on many important issues in this Senate and in the Congress—health care, energy, cli-mate change, foreign policy. We could make a very long list. 
I read an insightful quote the other 
day from my good friend Republican Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER . Senator 
ALEXANDER said: ‘‘If we had a shutdown 
every time we had a dispute over a con-tentious issue, the government would never open.’’ I think that is a very wise observation. We do have many dif-ferences, but, most importantly, we must have the broader national inter-est in mind. 
The clock is ticking. Funding runs 
out in just a few days. We need a clean continuing resolution, and we need it now—a temporary funding bill just to keep the lights on. 
Have we forgotten what happened 2 
years ago? The people of my home State of New Mexico have not forgot-ten. We were badly hurt by the shut-down then, and we would be badly hurt by a shutdown now. 
In Los Alamos and Sandia, our two 
DOE labs are working on modernizing aging nuclear weapons systems to keep them safe and secure. It is foolish to cause unnecessary disruption to projects of this significance where there is no margin for error. Each of these labs employs thousands of people, many of them scientists at the top of their field. Why would we threaten their paychecks and the important na-tional security work they are doing? 
We have three Air Force bases in New 
Mexico—Cannon, Kirtland, and Holloman—all serving a variety of 
unique national security missions for our country. White Sands Missile Range, unlike any facility in the coun-try, provides critical research and test-ing for future technologies. Shutdowns and sequestration send a terrible mes-sage to the men and women at these fa-cilities. It limits their effectiveness and harms the economies in nearby communities, such as Clovis, Albu-querque, Alamogordo, and Dona Ana County. 
Shutdowns mean lost jobs and lost 
revenue, all in the face of a struggling economy. We cannot afford another government shutdown, and we cannot afford a return to sequester cuts. These are bad choices. These are self-inflicted wounds. 
A clean CR will keep the government 
open, but we need a long-term cure. We need a bipartisan budget agreement— one that makes smart investments and meets the real needs of American fami-lies. 
The people of my State work hard. 
Many are still struggling. The economy of New Mexico has not yet recovered completely from the recession. We know New Mexicans want us to come together and push for a stronger recov-ery. New Mexicans are eager for solu-tions, and they are tired of these polit-ical games that threaten jobs and weaken our economy. Yet here we are once again facing a manufactured cri-sis. 
We all know that in fiscal year 2016, 
which begins next week, the Murray- Ryan budget deal will expire and we will be left with a return to sequestra-tion. 
As ranking member of the interior 
subcommittee on the Committee on Appropriations, I would like to talk about that today because the impacts of the funding levels required by the Budget Control Act are clear and they are very destructive. Just look at the Senate Interior appropriations bill re-ported out of the committee in June. To stay within the spending limits we faced under sequestration, it slashes more than $2 billion from the Presi-dent’s budget request. That means it doesn’t provide enough funding for basic water infrastructure or to protect our public lands or to fulfill our trust responsibility to American Indians and Alaska Natives. 
I know my chairman, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , did the very best she could 
with the allocation she was given, but here is the reality: The Budget Control Act caps don’t meet the needs of our Nation. They fail critical programs. They fail our communities in New Mex-ico and nationwide. 
Our Nation faces an infrastructure 
crisis. Yet the Senate bill cuts grants to States for water and sewer infra-structure by more than $500 million below fiscal year 2015 levels. 
Actions have consequences, and here 
are the consequences of the Senate bill: Some 230 communities will not have their water projects funded, 14,000 con-struction jobs will not be created, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.053 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6931 September 24, 2015 
$1 billion in matching and leveraged 
funds from State partners will be lost. 
The Senate bill also shortchanges the 
National Park Service with $318 mil-lion less than the President requested. That means 1,000 fewer park rangers. That means $150 million less to main-tain our national parks even though the Service will celebrate its centen-nial in 2016 and will host a record num-ber of visitors at national parks na-tionwide. 
We have 15 national parks in New 
Mexico, including our newest national park, the Valles Caldera National Pre-serve. These parks and other public lands in my State are critical not only for conservation but for our economy. A shutdown would be a disaster; se-questration is just a slower moving dis-aster. Carlsbad Caverns National Park, Bandelier National Monument, Tent Rocks National Monument, Bosque Del Apache Wildlife Refuge, and many other sites are key economic assets. These sites help grow jobs, they help communities grow, and they are great conservation assets in communities across the country. We cannot keep asking them to do more and more on less. Yet, without a sensible budget, that is exactly where we are headed in New Mexico and across the Nation. 
The Senate Interior appropriations 
bill also cuts more than $300 million from the President’s request for the In-dian Health Service. We have a solemn trust responsibility to Native Ameri-cans, and we are failing. Again, these are not just numbers. The impact is very real and very painful. It means the Indian Health Service will fund 20,000 fewer doctor visits in 2016 and nearly 1,000 fewer hospital stays. It means falling further behind. We need a responsible budget to meet our obli-gation to the Indian Health Service and other tribal programs, such as housing, school construction, Indian education. All of those are being hurt by this sequestration budget. 
We cannot continue being short-
sighted. We can’t keep shortchanging programs that make a real difference in the lives of all Americans. This in-cludes art and cultural programs, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and funding for our national forests and wildlife refuges. And the list goes on and on. The time is now, and we are running out of time. We are on the wrong train, on the wrong track, and going nowhere. 
Fortunately, there is a solution. 
Let’s pass a clean CR, and let’s work together to pass a budget that actually meets the needs of our Nation, with sensible funding levels for defense and nondefense programs alike. 
Before I wrap up my remarks, I wish 
to call attention to another deadline that is fast approaching. The author-ization for the Land and Water Con-servation Fund will expire on Sep-tember 30 if this Congress doesn’t act. Recently, I was one of 53 Members who called on the leadership of this Cham-ber to pass an extension of the law, and I want to reiterate that call today. The 
Land and Water Conservation Fund just celebrated its 50th birthday. It en-joys strong bipartisan support because the idea behind it is so simple and so powerful. When this Nation develops one natural resource—our oil and gas reserves—we invest some of the pro-ceeds in other critical conservation priorities. 
For five decades now, the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund has pro-tected our national parks, forests, and other public lands. It helps ensure hunting, fishing, and recreational ac-cess, and it improves and expands our local parks and recreation facilities. The program has been a tremendous success and has had a tremendous im-pact on my State, from urban refuges— such as the Valle de Oro—to wide open preserves such as the Valles Caldera. It provides crucial funding to preserve open spaces, strengthen the economy, and enhance our way of life. 
LWCF allows us to leverage today’s 
resources to protect vital lands and waters for future generations. Allowing the law to expire breaks that compact. It doesn’t make any sense, and it doesn’t have to happen. We shouldn’t let the Land and Water Conservation Fund expire, even for a single day. I call on this Chamber to act swiftly to permanently authorize this important program and ensure that it is fully funded. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
those of us who believe in protecting innocent and precious life may have lost a vote today, but we are steadily winning a larger argument—a critical argument that goes to the heart of who we want to be as a society. We can feel momentum for life on the rise just as we see extremism on the other side in-creasing. By placing their allegiance with the far left instead of women, Democrats are making a losing bet they will come to regret over the long term. 
Today, however, we must grapple 
with the challenges of the present. Democrats’ insistence on blocking the strategy pursued today means we have to consider the options now before us. The reality is that the government will shut down next week if Congress does not act. 
The president of Right to Life said to 
those of us who believe in protecting life: 
There are two different roads we can take. 
One is to insist that no more money go to Planned Parenthood and cause a government shutdown (which won’t result in actually defunding Planned Parenthood). The other is 
to take a slightly longer-term approach, tak-ing advantage of the fact that we have the attention of the country as probably never before. . . . Every well-informed pro-lifer wants to defund Planned Parenthood. I want to defund Planned Parenthood. There are wonderful pro-life men and women in Con-gress who want to defund Planned Parent-hood. And, certainly National Right to Life wants to defund Planned Parenthood. The difference here is in strategy. 
This is not the end of this debate or 
this discussion. 
I urge colleagues to join me in sup-
porting the legislation I am about to file which would ensure that the gov-ernment remains open. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate a message from the House which was received earlier today. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 719) entitled ‘‘An Act to require the Trans-portation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes,’’, with an amend-ment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2689 
(Purpose: Making continuing appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with further amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-
ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719 with an amendment numbered 2689. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2690 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2689 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.054 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6932 September 24, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2690 
to amendment No. 2689. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2691 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to refer the 
House message on H.R. 719 to the Com-mittee on Appropriations with instruc-tions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2691. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message on 
H.R. 719 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2691. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2692 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the instructions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2692 
to the instructions of the motion to refer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2693 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2692 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2693 
to amendment No. 2692. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’ 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a cloture 
motion at the desk for the motion to concur with an amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719 with an amendment, No. 2689. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Michael B. Enzi, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso, Lindsey Graham, Lamar Alexander, Thad Cochran, Chuck Grassley, Kelly Ayotte, Susan M. Col-lins, Deb Fischer, Richard Burr. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to expedite consideration of the continuing resolution, I have now of-fered the CR language as an amend-ment to the House message on H.R. 719. Using this bill as a vehicle means that we can get the CR over to the House more quickly with fewer steps in the process. 
Members should expect a cloture vote 
to occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING ELDER RICHARD G. 
SCOTT 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor the legacy of Elder Richard G. Scott, a man whose humble example and unwavering conviction had a deep and meaningful impact on my spiritual life. For nearly three dec-ades, Elder Scott served as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints. On Tuesday, he passed away from causes incident to age. Al-though millions mourn his death, we find peace in the knowledge that he is reunited with his beloved wife, Jeanene. 
As a missionary, a father, and an 
apostle, Elder Scott worked tirelessly and served selflessly. Many of us were inspired by his counsel, and even more were blessed by his kindness. He was a man of great faith and unbending prin-ciple, who in his own quiet way spent decades sharing the light of Christ with people throughout the world. 
Elder Scott’s beginnings were as 
humble as his demeanor. When he was just a boy, his father taught him the virtues of manual labor, instilling in him the desire to craft, toy, and tinker with anything he could get his hands on. It was evident from an early age that Elder Scott would be a talented engineer, and he pursued that field of study when he enrolled in The George Washington University. To support 
himself through school, Elder Scott took odd jobs that gave him the chance to work with his hands. He spent sum-mers fishing on lobster boats, logging in the forests of Utah, and repairing railroads for Union Pacific. 
While in college, he met Jeanene 
Watkins, the woman who would win his love and forever change his life. Quick-ly and effortlessly, Elder Scott fell for Jeanene, but before he could ask for her hand in marriage, she challenged him to serve a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Elder Scott’s decision to embark on an LDS mission to Uruguay was the open-ing chapter in a long life of dedicated service. He returned from Uruguay with his faith refined and his testi-mony fortified. 
With this newfound conviction in 
Christ, Elder Scott married Jeanene in the Manti, UT, temple; and together they started a family. For Elder Scott, his family would be an anchor through-out a long and successful career as a nuclear engineer on the immediate staff of renowned U.S. Navy Admiral Hyman Rickover. For over a decade, Elder Scott served his Nation, but he was again called to serve God when he returned to South America as the President of the Argentina North Mis-sion. As a missionary president, he di-rected all proselytizing and service ef-forts for hundreds of young volunteers. 
After returning from Argentina with 
his family, Elder Scott continued his ecclesiastical service, first, as a re-gional representative for the Church in both North and South America, and later, as a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy. In October 1988, he was ordained to be an apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
As a member of the Quorum of the 
Twelve Apostles, Elder Scott visited congregations of Latter-day Saints gathered throughout the world. He spoke fluent Portuguese and nearly im-peccable Spanish. When possible, he took special care to address each con-gregation he visited in their native tongue. But there was always one lan-guage he spoke better than any other, the language of empathy. 
Elder Scott was no stranger to heart-
break. In fact, he came to know it very well. Two of his children preceded him in death, and his beloved wife, Jeanene, passed away in 1995. But amid tragedy, he found peace and healing through faith in Christ. Sadness sowed the seeds of compassion, and his capacity for empathy was boundless. 
When he spoke, he spoke as one who 
knew intimately well the sorrow that stems from suffering, but also the com-fort that comes from healing. In all things, he communicated love. Whether through words of counsel or quiet acts of service, he radiated the goodness of God and shared it abundantly with oth-ers. 
Mr. President, I will be forever grate-
ful for Elder Richard G. Scott—his life, his love, and his example. I will miss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.057 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6933 September 24, 2015 
Elder Scott dearly, as will all those 
who knew him. I send my deepest con-dolences to his family. May God com-fort them in this time of grief, and may his love be with them always. 
f 
DETENTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
DEFENDERS IN AZERBAIJAN 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last year 
I expressed my grave concern about the Government of Azerbaijan’s harass-ment and imprisonment of human rights defenders, journalists, and other civil society activists. Since then, the state of human rights in Azerbaijan has further deteriorated amid con-demnation from President Obama and officials of other governments, as well as the European Union and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. I, too, wish to reiterate my dis-may at the mistreatment of these brave individuals, and call for the re-lease of all political prisoners in Azer-baijan, including Leyla and Arif Yunus. 
Imprisoned and denied access to jus-
tice for over a year, Leyla and Arif Yunus are examples of the many activ-ists and critics of the government whom President Ilham Aliyev seeks to silence. Their arrest last year coin-cided with the release of their report on politically motivated detentions, and since then their health has report-edly suffered significantly. Recently they were sentenced to 8
1⁄2and 7 years 
in prison, respectively, and face further prosecution. 
Leyla and Arif Yunus, and all other 
political prisoners in Azerbaijan in-cluding journalist Khadija Ismayilova, who on September 1 was sentenced to 7
1⁄2years, should be freed immediately. 
In addition, and in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights to which it is party, the Government of Azerbaijan, which recently chaired the Council of Europe, should uphold the provisions of its own constitution and end the persecution of civil society members, journalists, and political ac-tivists who are guilty of nothing more than peaceful expression. 
f 
ENDING THE SCOURGE OF 
LANDMINES IN MOZAMBIQUE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week 
marked an important milestone in the campaign to rid the world of anti-personnel landmines. On September 17, Mozambique, where two decades ago an estimated 200,000 unexploded landmines were left over from a brutal 15-year civil war, became the first country with large-scale mine contamination to have all known minefields cleared. While accidents due to unknown mines and other unexploded ordnance in Mo-zambique will occasionally occur in the future as they still do in Europe 70 years after World War II, the number is a tiny fraction of what it once was, and it will continue to decline. 
The State Department recognized 
this milestone in a statement, which included the following: Since 1993, when Mozambique emerged 
from decades of conflict as one of the world’s most landmine-affected nations, the United States has been proud to partner with the people of Mozambique, investing more than $55 million toward improving the safety and security of local communities though the U.S. Conventional Weapons Destruction pro-gram. 
Through that partnership—which includes 
the international donor community and hu-manitarian demining organizations—we have worked diligently to safely clear landmines and unexploded ordnance, prevent injuries through community outreach and education, and provide medical and social services to survivors of accidents involving these leg-acies of past conflicts. 
I have spoken many times in this 
Chamber about these indiscriminate weapons, which are triggered by the victim, whether a soldier or an unsuspecting child. They linger for 
days, weeks, years, and even decades after armed conflicts end. They destroy lives as well as livelihoods, making fields unworkable and roads impass-able, crippling the economies of al-ready impoverished communities. In recent years the United States has made important contributions to the worldwide eradication of landmines, and I have long supported funding for the State Department’s humanitarian demining programs and for assistance for mine victims through the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment’s Leahy War Victims Fund, but the job is far from done. 
The painstaking work of HALO Trust 
and other dedicated organizations and individuals in Mozambique dem-onstrates what is possible. We used the Leahy War Victims Fund there, start-ing back in 1989, to provide artificial limbs, wheelchairs, and rehabilitation for victims of mines. Melissa Wells, our outstanding Ambassador to Mozam-bique at the time, was a strong sup-porter of that program. Thousands of people have regained their mobility as a result. My wife Marcelle, a registered nurse, traveled to Mozambique and vis-ited some of them more than two dec-ades ago. With this declaration, Mozambicans can live with far less fear of being maimed or killed while work-ing in their fields, walking to school, or just stepping outside of their homes. 
This is a time to commend the people 
and Government of Mozambique and the courageous deminers, as well as those who have helped the victims of mines rebuild their lives. But as one who has worked to stop the use of land-mines ever since my legislation to halt U.S. exports of these weapons was first enacted back in 1992, I must emphasize that landmines continue to threaten innocent people in many other coun-tries. 
We have come a long way since 1994 
when President Clinton, in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly, called on all countries to rid the world of landmines. But we have not yet achieved that goal, and we should re-dedicate ourselves to eliminating this scourge from the Earth. The best way for the United States to do that is to join the 162 signatories to the Ottawa 
Treaty banning the production, use, ex-port, and stockpiling of antipersonnel landmines. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, due to 
the Jewish holiday, I was unable to at-tend votes this week. Had I been present, I would have voted against the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 36, against the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2685, and against the motion to invoke cloture on amendment No. 2669. 
f 
REQUIRING A REGIONAL STRAT-
EGY TO ADDRESS THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to praise Senate passage earlier this week of legislation I authored, S. 1632, to help combat the threat posed by the Boko Haram terrorist group. I am hopeful that our colleagues in the House will pass the bill quickly so that it can go to the President’s desk for signature. 
Boko Haram is a notorious terrorist 
organization. Less well known, how-ever, is what the name means: ‘‘West-ern education is forbidden.’’ This de-scriptive moniker helps explain the or-ganization’s determination to terrorize young girls who seek an education— girls who seek nothing more than a better life and a path to independence. 
Following the horrific kidnapping of 
276 girls more than a year ago, Boko Haram has continued to commit bar-baric acts of violence against civilians. According to the Congressional Re-search Service, Boko Haram may have killed more than 11,000 people, with more than 5,500 people killed in 2014 alone. Boko Haram has also pledged al-legiance to ISIS, a fellow terrorist or-ganization, in an attempt to further their reach and increase their ability to intimidate the citizens of Nigeria, Chad, Cameroon, and Niger. We cannot sit idly by while Boko Haram con-tinues to terrorize women, girls, and religious minorities in these African nations. 
Last year, in response to the kidnap-
ping of the schoolgirls, I worked with Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI and gar-
nered the support of all 20 women Sen-ators in urging Secretary of State John Kerry to seek Boko Haram’s addition to the United Nations al-Qaeda Sanc-tions List. Following this letter, the United Nations Security Council voted to subject Boko Haram to a complete asset freeze, travel ban, and arms em-bargo. 
This year, I am again leading a bipar-
tisan legislative effort to address the threats posed by Boko Haram. Specifi-
cally, my bipartisan bill, which now awaits consideration in the House of Representatives, calls on the U.S. De-partments of State and Defense and their relevant partners to work to-gether in creating a 5-year strategy to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.043 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6934 September 24, 2015 
counter these increasing threats. Co-
sponsored by 18 of my Senate col-leagues, this bill also signals a renewed congressional commitment to combat-ting Boko Haram and bolstering U.S. efforts throughout the region. 
While I am pleased that this legisla-
tion and previous efforts continue to move us forward in the fight against Boko Haram, more must be done. I will continue to work with my colleagues to create and enact legislation aimed at countering the violence and terror spread by Boko Haram. 
We have a window of opportunity to 
change the course of the fight against this intensifying terrorist threat, and we must seize the opportunity. We must also ensure that the United States, as a world leader, is providing the assistance necessary to make this strategy successful. 
We must never forget that the girls 
of Nigeria were targeted simply be-cause they chose to pursue an edu-cation. We must send a message to women and girls around the world that their safety and well-being matters, that everyone deserves the opportunity to seek an education. We must also send a clear message to Boko Haram that their appalling acts of violence have no place in this world. 
f 
CHILD SUPPORT ASSISTANCE BILL 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that a letter from the National Child Support Enforce-ment Association in support of the Child Support Assistance Act of 2015 be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL CHILD SUPPORT  
ENFORCEMENT ASSOCIATION , 
September 17, 2015. 
Hon. P ATRICK TOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR TOOMEY : The National Child 
Support Enforcement Association (NCSEA) is pleased to support your bill, the Child Support Assistance Act of 2015. Your bill will make even more efficient and effective the collection and distribution of child support payments to the custodial family. The tar-geted language of the measure strikes a pro-vision of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) which requires a child support agen-cy to provide 10-day notice by certified or registered mail to the non-custodial parent (NCP) to advise him or her that a consumer report will be requested to verify income and location of employment. 
The custodial and non-custodial parent 
both continue to have a full range of oppor-tunities throughout the legal process to con-test and correct information, including in-formation provided by a consumer report. This technical change affecting only child support will further streamline the adminis-tration of the program to ensure that pay-ments are made to the family as quickly as possible. 
As you know, the House Financial Services 
Committee passed a companion bill (H.R. 2091) earlier this year by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 56–2. 
As your bill moves through the legislative 
process, we stand ready to work with you to ensure its enactment into law, including pro-
viding additional comments from our mem-bers if questions arise about the effect of the bill’s language and impact. 
Thank you for your leadership on this 
issue. If you have any questions, please con-tact me or Tom Joseph, NCSEA Washington Representative at tj@wafed.com. 
Sincerely, 
A
NNMARIE RUSKIN , 
Interim Executive Director. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONWAY, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to pay tribute to Conway, NH, a town in Carroll County that is cele-brating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am delighted to join citi-zens across the Granite State in recog-nizing this historic occasion. 
Conway is located within the Mount 
Washington Valley and sits in the shadow of the 2,369 foot Black Cap Mountain. The town is encompassed by the Saco River watershed, including both the Swift and Saco Rivers, and holds portions of the White Mountain National Forest to the north and west. 
Conway consists of the villages of 
Conway, North Conway, Center Conway, Redstone, Kearsarge, and In-tervale and was first chartered in 1765 by Colonial Governor Benning Went-worth. The town was eventually settled by Joshua Heath, Benjamin Dolloff, and Ebenezer Burbank and is named for British Secretary of State for the Southern Department Henry Seymour Conway. Secretary Conway is often re-membered for his opposition to the Stamp Act, thereby in favor of mod-erate taxation policies for the colonies. 
Cathedral Ledge, Echo Lake State 
Park, and a portion of the Kancamagus Highway are all located in Conway, of-fering some of most scenic vistas in the State. From atop the ledge, you can look over the town and the sur-rounding mountains and rivers that make up the valley. ‘‘The Kanc,’’ as many locals call it, has the honor of being the highest mountain pass in the Eastern United States with the crest of the road sitting high at 2,855 feet and stretching for 32 miles from Conway to the neighboring town of Lincoln. 
Conway is one of the premier tourist 
destinations in New Hampshire. Every year, the town hosts thousands of visi-tors who travel north to enjoy the out-door activities, dining, shopping, and culture of the Mount Washington Val-ley. Conway is home to hundreds of lo-cally owned businesses, each with its own unique style and flavor. In a single day, a visitor could ride into the moun-tains aboard the historic Conway Sce-nic Railroad, canoe down the mean-dering Saco River, zip-line at the Cranmore Mountain Adventure Park, or virtually visit the home of the ‘‘world’s worst weather’’ at the Mount Washington Observatory Museum. And during the winter months, Conway pro-vides ample opportunity for downhill and cross-country skiing, 
snowboarding, snowshoeing, and both ice skating and climbing. 
On behalf of all Granite Staters, I am 
pleased to offer my congratulations to the citizens of Conway on reaching this special milestone, and I thank them for their many contributions to the life and spirit of the State of New Hamp-shire. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANUPAM KHER 
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
would like to recognize Anupam Kher, an Indian actor who has inspired many through a legacy of theater and film spanning more than three decades. Anupam Kher is one of India’s most prominent theatre and film personal-ities. His contributions to Hindi and English-language film and culture are tremendous, and his exceptional career as an actor, producer, teacher, and au-thor will serve as an inspiration for generations to come. 
Born in 1955 in Himachal Pradesh, 
India, Anupam had a modest upbring-ing. After graduating from the D.A.V. School, in Shimla, Anupam attended the National School of Drama, to which he would later return as direc-tor. He was chair of Central Board of Film Certification from 2003–2004, after which the Government of India award-ed him the prestigious Padma Shri for his contributions to Indian cinema. Anupam has appeared in over 100 plays and over 450 films, and he is considered one of the greatest actors of contem-porary cinema. 
In addition to his dramatic work, 
Anupam is an active voice for change, and he regularly speaks out against corruption and inequality. The United Nations recently recognized his efforts, honoring him as a ‘‘Champion of Gen-der Equality’’ for his work on their HeForShe campaign. In 2010, he was ap-pointed as the goodwill ambassador of the Pratham Education Foundation, which strives to improve children’s education in India. It is inspiring to see an actor dedicate his time and celeb-rity to promote social change. 
It is an honor to serve a State with 
one of the largest Indian American diasporas in the country, and we were thrilled to host a talent such as Anupam Kher, whose career has made an indelible impression across the globe. Anupam’s commitment to the arts is unwavering, and his myriad con-tributions to theatrical arts are a tes-tament to his dedication to his craft. Anupam has touched countless lives and has changed the way the world views Bollywood and India. His work is worthy of the highest commendation. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
celebrating Anupam Kher’s continued success. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUSS FULLMER 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Russ Fullmer, who has been the agricultural manager at Sidney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.028 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6935 September 24, 2015 
Sugars for 30 years. Russ exemplifies a 
work ethic that defines Montana, and it is my great honor to honor his suc-cesses today. 
Russ received his bachelor’s of 
science in geology from the University of Wyoming and has since built a suc-cessful professional career. Russ worked for Holly Sugar for 7 years, taking his skills across the country to California, Wyoming, and Montana. 
When Holly Sugar changed ownership 
in 2002, he continued to loyally serve as the agricultural manager. With his leadership, Sidney Sugars has found much success and produced a record high of 30.4 tons per acre in 2014. 
On behalf of all Montanans, we are 
sad to see him go but so thankful and inspired by his decades of loyal service and hard work. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHIEF WAR-
RANT OFFICER 2 ROGER CAPPS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate CW2 Roger Capps on receiving the Defense of Freedom Medal, honoring his service and sac-rifice while working in Afghanistan. It gives me great pleasure to see a mem-ber of the Nevada family being recog-nized with this prestigious medal. 
In April of 2013, Chief Warrant Officer 
2 Capps, then a traditional lieutenant colonel, was transporting military equipment across Afghanistan for Co-lumbia Helicopters. During the trip, he was struck by an insurgent-shot bullet that had entered the helicopter by a rare opening in the bulletproof floor-ing, ultimately shattering his femur and pelvis. Though he will not receive a Purple Heart because he was working as a civilian that day, he will receive this unique Defense of Freedom Medal presented to civilian employees who are killed or wounded while working in support of the Department of Defense. His service remains invaluable to this great Nation. 
Even after this difficult day, Chief 
Warrant Officer 2 Capps maintained a positive spirit. While recovering from his injuries, he reassessed his military future, ultimately opting to utilize his piloting skills. In May, Chief Warrant Officer 2 Capps resigned his commis-sion and transferred to the warrant of-ficer corps. He now serves our Nation flying Chinook helicopters for the Army Guard. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to 
Chief Warrant Officer 2 Capps for his bravery in serving the United States of America. His unwavering commitment to serving our Nation demonstrates his genuine selfless character and love for his country. His actions represent only the greatest of Nevada’s values, includ-ing dedication, courage, and a spirit to persevere in the most difficult times. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-
ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Chief Warrant Officer 2 Capps’ sacrifice warrants only the greatest respect and care in return. 
Throughout his tenure, Chief War-
rant Officer 2 Capps has demonstrated unparalleled bravery and positivity. I am both humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fel-low Nevadan. Today I ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Chief Warrant Officer 2 Capps on his much-deserved accolade and wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING WALDO DE 
CASTROVERDE 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor the life of Waldo De Castroverde, a prominent Nevadan whose legacy lives on through the work of his sons. I send my gratitude to Mr. De Castroverde’s family as they con-tinue to serve Las Vegas’ Hispanic community. 
Mr. De Castroverde was a true pa-
triot of Cuba, fighting to bring his country some of our Nation’s most im-portant values—freedom and democ-racy. In 1961, he was a paratrooper and one of 1,400 Cuban exiles who partici-pated in the Bay of Pigs invasion in an attempt to bring greater sovereignty to Cuba, which ultimately led to his imprisonment. After being captured, Mr. De Castroverde was selected on multiple occasions to serve on a com-mission sent to the United States to negotiate the release of those who par-ticipated in the invasion. Two years later, Mr. De Castroverde was freed and moved to the United States with his wife. 
Upon arriving to the United States, 
Mr. De Castroverde and his wife moved to Miami where he taught history at a local high school. In 1978, he moved with his family to Reno, where he worked rigorously to shape a bright fu-ture for himself and his family of four children. He worked as a blackjack dealer during the day and he attended law school at night. 
Fifteen years later, he moved to Las 
Vegas and started his own practice in immigration and criminal law. In 2005, he was joined by his two sons, Alex and Orlando, forming the De Castroverde Law Group, which has served as an in-credible resource to Las Vegas’s His-panic community. 
While we were saddened by the pass-
ing of this great Nevadan in 2014, he will always be remembered as an in-spiring advocate of liberty and as a role model to Las Vegas’s Hispanic community. 
I am honored to commend him and 
his family for their work throughout Las Vegas. Today, I join citizens across our State in celebrating the life of an extraordinary Nevadan, Waldo De Castroverde. ∑ RECOGNIZING ARIZONA STATE 
UNIVERSITY ON THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF THE ASU PUBLIC SERVICE ACADEMY 
∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I want 
to acknowledge and commend the lead-ership at Arizona State University, ASU, for the establishment of the ASU Public Service Academy, which this fall opened its doors to student leaders who aspire to effect a positive change within our country and around the globe through public service. I am pleased to see ASU’s recognition of the importance of civilian and military na-tional service in the development of a sense of citizenship among our coun-try’s future leaders. I also want to ac-knowledge the benevolence of ASU president Michael Crow and his wife Sybil Francis whose contributions will help transform the vision of the Public Service Academy into a reality. 
In closing, Mr. President, I again 
want to commend the leadership at ASU for their commitment to public service and to the State of Arizona, and I look forward to witnessing the future contributions of the Public Service Academy. Thank you. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:30 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2959. A communication from the Chief 
of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP): Agricultural Act of 2014 Nondis-cretionary Provisions’’ (RIN0584–AE48) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2960. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Apricots Grown in Designated Counties in Washington; Decreased Assess-ment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0033) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2961. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.027 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6936 September 24, 2015 
Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-
mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Blueberry Promotion, Research and Information Order; Expanding the Mem-bership of the U.S. Highbush Blueberry 
Council and Other Changes’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0089) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2962. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Na-tive) Spearmint Oil for the 2014–2015 Mar-keting Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–13–0087) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2963. A communication from the Chief 
of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fication of Eligibility of Fleeing Felons’’ (RIN0584–AE01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2964. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Onions Grown in Certain Des-ignated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0027) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2965. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Potatoes Grown in South-eastern States; Suspension of Marketing Order Provisions’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14– 0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–2966. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility of Lith-uania To Export Meat and Meat Products to the United States’’ (RIN0583–AD57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2967. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Budget and Program Management Staff, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to Fees and Payment Methods’’ (RIN0583–AA05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2968. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluensulfone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ 
(FRL No. 9933–02) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2969. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Halosulfuron-methyl; Pesticide Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9933–00) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–2970. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (International Security Affairs), Department of Defense, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 13, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2971. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2972. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence), Department of De-fense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2973. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), Department of Defense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2974. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Jona-than W. Greenert, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2975. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Defense Environmental Pro-grams Annual Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2976. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Housing-Federal Hous-ing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘On-Site Completion of Construction of Manufactured Homes’’ (RIN2502–AI83) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–2977. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Streamlining Administrative Regulations for Public Hous-ing: Revisions to Public Housing Flat Rents’’ (RIN2577–AC94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 
2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2978. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Investment Management, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Certain References to Credit Ratings and Amendment to the Issuer Diversification Requirement in the Money Market Fund Rule’’ (RIN3235–AL02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2979. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2980. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions; Correction’’ ((RIN2040–AF16) (FRL No. 9934–33–OW)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2981. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rule for Hexabromocyclododecane and 1,2,5,6,9,10- Hexabromocyclododecane’’ ((RIN2070–AJ88) (FRL No. 9927–44)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2982. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution Control District, Ventura County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9933–22–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2983. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Designation for Planning Purposes; California; PM10; Technical Amendment’’ (FRL No. 9934–51–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2984. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Update to the Spokane Regional Clean Air Solid Fuel Burning Device Standards’’ (FRL No. 9934– 61–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2985. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; South Carolina; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2008 Lead Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9934–40–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\S24SE5.REC S24SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6937 September 24, 2015 
EC–2986. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-
mentation Plans; Georgia; Removal of Clean Fuel Fleet Program’’ (FRL No. 9934–52–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2987. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Florida Infrastructure Re-quirements for the 2008 Lead NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9934–41–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2988. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans for the State of Alabama: Cross-State Air Pollution Rule’’ (FRL No. 9934–50–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2989. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans for the State of Alabama: Cross-State Air Pollution Rule’’ (FRL No. 9934–49–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2990. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; GA; Removal of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Program’’ (FRL No. 9934–53–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2991. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Dumping: Modification of Final Site Designation’’ (FRL No. 9934–25– Region 6) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2992. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels’’ (FRL No. 9932–51–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2993. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants; Missouri; Sewage Sludge Incinerators’’ (FRL No. 9933– 95–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2994. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants; Missouri; Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste In-cineration (CISWI) Units’’ (FRL No. 9933–97– Region 7) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2995. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘For-matting and Non-substantive Corrections to Authority Citations’’ ((RIN3150–AJ61) (NRC– 2015–0122)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2996. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Chilled Water Sys-tem’’ (NUREG–0800, Chapter 9) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2997. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Liability for tax.’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2998. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report detailing telecommuni-cations-related payments made to Cuba pur-suant to Department of the Treasury li-censes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2999. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule of Fees for Consular Services, Department of State and Overseas Embassies and Con-sulates—Passport and Citizenship Services Fee Changes’’ (RIN1400–AD71) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–3000. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–095); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3001. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–045); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3002. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–032); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3003. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0093-2015–0102); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3004. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priority; Re-habilitation Training: Vocational Rehabili-tation Technical Assistance Center—Youth With Disabilities’’ (CFDA No. 84.264H.) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3005. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priority and Definitions; Demonstration and Training Program: Career Pathways for Individuals With Disabilities’’ (Docket No. ED–2015– OSERS–00261) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3006. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priority and Definitions—Rehabilitation Training: Voca-tional Rehabilitation Technical Assistance Center-Targeted Communities’’ (Docket No. ED–2015–OSERS–0070) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3007. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priority. Re-habilitation Training: Vocational Rehabili-tation Workforce Innovation Technical As-sistance Center’’ ((CFDA No. 84.264G.) (Dock-et No. ED–2015–OSERS–0069)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3008. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Re-habilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Priority— Technical Assistance Center for Vocational Rehabilitation Agency Program Evaluation and Quality Assurance’’ ((CFDA No. 84.263B.) (Docket No. ED–2015–OSERS–0048)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3009. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Destruction of Certain Drugs Refused Admission to the United States’’ ((RIN0910–AH12) (Docket No. FDA–2014–N–0504)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3010. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Delays in Approvals of Applications Related to Citizen Petitions and Petitions for Stay of Agency Action for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.016 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6938 September 24, 2015 
EC–3011. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant General Counsel for the Divi-sion of Regulatory Services, Office of Ele-mentary and Secondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improv-ing the Academic Achievement of the Dis-advantaged; Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities’’ (RIN1810–AB16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3012. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Post-Employment Conflict of Inter-est Restrictions; Revision of Departmental Component Designations’’ (RIN3209–AA14) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3013. A communication from the Senior 
Attorney, Office of Hearings and Appeals, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hearing Process Concerning Acknowledge-ment of American Indian Tribes’’ (RIN1094– AA54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 16, 2015; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
EC–3014. A communication from the Chair, 
Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to its budget request for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–3015. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Giants Enterprises Fireworks Display, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0221)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3016. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updating Part 1 Competitive Bidding Rules; Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunity of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions’’ ((FCC 15–80) (WT Doc. No. 14–170)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3017. A communication from the Pro-
gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Assessment and Collection of Reg-ulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 2015’’ ((FCC 15– 108) (WT Doc. No. 15–121)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment: 
S. 2078. An original bill to reauthorize the 
United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, and for other purposes. INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
MURPHY ): 
S. 2071. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ): 
S. 2072. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Admin-istrator shall defer the designation of an area as a nonattainment area for purposes of the 8-hour ozone national ambient air qual-ity standard if the area achieves and main-tains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. R
EED): 
S. 2073. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road in North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 2074. A bill to prohibit paying Members 
of Congress during periods during which a Government shutdown is in effect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ): 
S. 2075. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health cov-erage and to express the sense of the Senate that the resulting revenue loss should be off-set; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ): 
S. 2076. A bill to establish a task force to 
review policies and measures to promote, and to develop best practices for, reduction of short-lived climate pollutants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. TOOMEY: 
S. 2077. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act to clarify the ability to request consumer reports in certain cases to estab-lish and enforce child support payments and awards; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. CORKER: 
S. 2078. An original bill to reauthorize the 
United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Foreign Relations; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 2079. A bill to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 2080. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to enhance pipeline safety, to provide communities with access to im-proved information concerning the equip-ment and operations of pipeline facilities, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. K AINE, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R EED, 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. C OONS , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. 
WARNER ): 
S. Res. 267. A resolution expressing support 
for the continuation of the Federal Perkins Loan program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. 
MURPHY ): 
S. Res. 268. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the Syrian ref-ugee crisis; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations . 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mrs. B OXER , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
NELSON , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. Res. 269. A resolution designating the 
week of September 19 through September 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’; consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. Res. 270. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 311, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 334 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 334, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate ap-peals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.018 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6939 September 24, 2015 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 613, a bill to 
amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the effi-ciency of summer meals. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 740 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 740, a bill to improve the coordi-nation and use of geospatial data. 
S. 771 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
771, a bill to emphasize manufacturing in engineering programs by directing the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies in-cluding the Department of Defense, De-partment of Energy, and National Science Foundation, to designate United States manufacturing univer-sities. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diag-nosed with Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1059 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1059, a bill to provide Dreamer students with access to student finan-cial aid. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in determining the size of employers in the small group market. 
At the request of Mr. S
COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1099, supra. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reau-thorize and improve the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1193, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent and expand the temporary min-imum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1212, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1302 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1302, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1473, a bill to authorize the appropria-tion of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms 
safety or gun violence prevention. 
S. 1493 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1493, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for vet-erans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nation-wide summer electronic benefits trans-fer for children program. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1711 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. T HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1711, a bill to pro-vide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclo-sure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for sus-pension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1867 
At the request of Mr. S HELBY , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.023 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6940 September 24, 2015 
PORTMAN ), the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ) and the Senator 
from North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1867, a bill to protect children from exploitation by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders out-side the United States to the govern-ment of the country of destination, re-questing foreign governments to notify the United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1878 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1878, a bill to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. 
HATCH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1919, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to pro-tect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to prohibit cer-tain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1966 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1966, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require alternative op-tions for program delivery. 
S. 1977 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1977, a bill to provide fam-ily members and close associates of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow cer-tain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 2022 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2022, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amount of special pension for Medal of Honor recipients, and for other pur-poses. S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
S. 2035 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2035, a bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID), the Senator from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. C ASEY ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or condi-tions of employment and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. B URR) and the 
Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or at-tempted abortion. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and development of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tia, to encourage efforts to enhance de-tection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the quality and effi-ciency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S.J. RES. 21 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S.J. Res. 21, a joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States authorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States. 
S.J. RES. 22 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the 
United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
S. RES. 116 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 116, a resolution pro-viding for free and fair elections in Burma. 
S. RES. 224 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 224, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the area between the inter-sections of International Drive, North-west and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, should be designated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’. 
At the request of Mr. C
RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 224, supra. 
S. RES. 251 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) and the Senator from Ala-
bama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 251, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the congressional review provision of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 does not apply to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action an-nounced on July 14, 2015, because the President failed to transmit the entire agreement as required by such Act, and that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action would only preempt existing Iran sanctions laws as ‘‘the supreme Law of the Land’’ if ratified by the Senate as a treaty with the concur-rence of two thirds of the Senators present pursuant to Article II, section 2, clause 2, of the Constitution or if Congress were to enact new imple-menting legislation that supersedes the mandatory statutory sanctions that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion announced on July 14, 2015, pur-ports to supersede. 
S. RES. 262 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 262, a resolution to support the empowerment of women and urge coun-tries to #FreeThe20. 
S. RES. 266 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) and the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE) 
were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 266, a resolution designating September 2015 at ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.025 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6941 September 24, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 267—EX-
PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE CONTINUATION OF THE FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN PROGRAM 
Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R EED of 
Rhode Island, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
BROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. C OONS , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. M URRAY , and 
Mr. W ARNER ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 267 
Whereas the Federal Perkins Loan pro-
gram is the longest running Federal student loan program in the United States, created in 1958 as the National Defense Student Loan Program and later called the National Direct Loan Program; 
Whereas Federal Perkins loans are effi-
cient, need-based, low-interest loans that serve 500,000 low-income college students with high need at approximately 1,500 col-leges and universities each year; 
Whereas Federal Perkins loans have favor-
able terms for students, including— 
(1) interest is not charged while a student 
is in school; 
(2) the interest rate is low and fixed; and (3) a borrower may have all or part of a 
Federal Perkins loans cancelled if the bor-rower undertakes certain public service jobs for a period of 1 to 5 years; 
Whereas participating colleges and univer-
sities share the risk of the Federal Perkins Loan Program because the colleges and uni-versities provide a 
1⁄3match to Federal cap-
ital contributions and loans are made using funds repaid by previous borrowers; 
Whereas Federal Perkins loans feature the 
human touch of campus-based servicing, which allows on-campus administrators to provide Federal Perkins borrowers with 1-on- 1 service; 
Whereas Federal Perkins loans have made 
higher education possible for millions of peo-ple of the United States; and 
Whereas without Federal Perkins loans, 
thousands of people in the United States will lose the chance at a higher education and a better life: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate strongly sup-
ports the continuation of the Federal Per-kins Loan program in order to provide edu-cational opportunities to future generations of students who need low-cost financing to make their dreams of higher education pos-sible. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 268—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE SYR-IAN REFUGEE CRISIS 
Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. B OXER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. M UR-
PHY) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 268 
Whereas the Syrian conflict has driven 
more than 7,500,000 Syrians to relocate with-in Syria, more than 4,000,000 Syrian to flee as refugees to neighboring countries, and hun-
dreds of thousands of Syrians to seek asylum in Europe; 
Whereas Syria’s neighbors are on the front 
line of the crisis, and Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon in particular are currently hosting millions of refugees, resulting in tremendous social and economic impacts; 
Whereas Europe is facing its worst refugee 
crisis since World War II; 
Whereas members of the international 
community have a moral responsibility to provide assistance to Syrian refugees, as well as a national security interest in addressing both the insecurity that is driving Syrians from their homes and the spillover effects from that conflict; 
Whereas all members of the international 
community, including regional powers, should contribute substantially to the hu-manitarian effort so as to avoid shortfalls like those experienced by the World Food Programme, which has been forced to reduce its assistance to refugees. 
Whereas the European Union has agreed to 
resettle 120,000 of the refugees who have reached frontline European nations—an im-portant first step in implementing a com-prehensive European refugee policy; 
Whereas the Governments of Germany and 
Sweden, among others, have shown great generosity towards Syrian refugees; 
Whereas the United States Government re-
mains the largest contributor to the humani-tarian effort in Syria; 
Whereas the United States Government 
will accept at least 10,000 Syrian refugees next year, marking a significant increase from the approximately 1,500 admitted since the conflict began; and 
Whereas the United States Government 
should continue to rigorously employ its ex-isting robust and thorough screening process for refugees to effectively mitigate any po-tential security threats: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the scale and complexity of 
the Syrian refugee crisis and the need for the international community to work together to provide resources and capacity to aid refu-gees; 
(2) recognizes the generosity and humani-
tarian commitment of Syria’s neighbors who have worked to absorb the vast majority of refugees, as well as the European nations who have made commitments to share in the refugee resettlement effort; 
(3) welcomes the President’s decision to 
admit at least 10,000 Syrian refugees in 2016, and to increase the overall number of refu-gees received by the United States to 85,000 in 2016 and 100,000 in 2017, as an important continuation of United States humanitarian efforts; and 
(4) recognizes that the refugee crisis is a 
symptom of the broader conflict in Syria, the persecution of persons based on identity groups, including Christians, Yezidis, Turkmen, and Kurds, and instability in the Middle East and North Africa, and that ef-forts to resolve those challenges are a nec-essary component of any plan to address the refugee crisis. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 269—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 19 THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 26, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ESTUARIES WEEK’’ 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mrs. B OXER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. N ELSON , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Ms. 
COLLINS ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 269 
Whereas the estuary regions of the United 
States constitute a significant share of the economy of the United States, with as much as 42 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States generated in coastal shoreline counties; 
Whereas the population of coastal shore-
line counties in the United States increased by 39 percent from 1970 to 2010 and is pro-jected to continue to increase; 
Whereas not fewer than 1,900,000 jobs in the 
United States are supported by marine tour-ism and recreation; 
Whereas the commercial fishing, rec-
reational fishing, and seafood industries rely on healthy estuaries and directly support 1,681,000 jobs in the United States; 
Whereas in 2012— (1) commercial fish landings generated 
$5,100,000,000; and 
(2) recreational anglers— (A) took more than 70,000,000 fishing trips; 
and 
(B) spent $24,600,000,000; Whereas estuaries provide vital habitats 
for countless species of fish and wildlife, in-cluding many species that are listed as threatened or endangered species; 
Whereas estuaries provide critical eco-
system services that protect human health and public safety, including water filtration, flood control, shoreline stabilization, erosion prevention, and the protection of coastal communities during hurricanes and storms; 
Whereas the United States has lost more 
than 110,000,000 acres of wetland, or 50 per-cent of the wetland of the United States, since the first European settlers arrived; 
Whereas some bays in the United States 
that were once filled with fish and oysters have become dead zones filled with excess nutrients, chemical wastes, harmful algae, and marine debris; 
Whereas changes in sea level can affect es-
tuarine water quality and estuarine habi-tats; 
Whereas the Coastal Zone Management 
Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.) provides that the policy of the United States is to preserve, protect, develop, and, if possible, restore or enhance the resources of the coastal zone of the United States, including estuaries, for current and future generations; 
Whereas 24 coastal and Great Lakes States 
and territories of the United States operate a National Estuary Program or contain a National Estuarine Research Reserve; 
Whereas scientific study leads to a better 
understanding of the benefits of estuaries to human and ecological communities; 
Whereas the Federal Government, State, 
local, and tribal governments, national and community organizations, and individuals work together to effectively manage the es-tuaries of the United States; 
Whereas estuary restoration efforts restore 
natural infrastructure in local communities in a cost-effective manner, helping to create jobs and reestablish the natural functions of estuaries that yield countless benefits; and 
Whereas the week of September 19 through 
September 26, 2015, is recognized as ‘‘Na-tional Estuaries Week’’ to increase aware-ness among all people of the United States, including Federal Government and State and local government officials, about the impor-tance of healthy estuaries and the need to protect and restore estuaries: Now, there-fore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.040 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6942 September 24, 2015 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of September 19 
through September 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Es-tuaries Week’’; 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Estuaries Week; 
(3) acknowledges the importance of estu-
aries to sustaining employment in the United States and the economic well-being and prosperity of the United States; 
(4) recognizes that persistent threats un-
dermine the health of the estuaries of the United States; 
(5) applauds the work of national and com-
munity organizations and public partners that promote public awareness, under-standing, protection, and restoration of estu-aries; 
(6) reaffirms the support of the Senate for 
estuaries, including the scientific study, preservation, protection, and restoration of estuaries; and 
(7) expresses the intent of the Senate to 
continue working to understand, protect, and restore the estuaries of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 270—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘PULMONARY FIBROSIS AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. M URPHY ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 270 
Whereas pulmonary fibrosis is a debili-
tating and ultimately fatal condition that causes progressive scarring in the lungs and generally has no known definitive cause; 
Whereas as many as 200,000 individuals in 
the United States are known to suffer from pulmonary fibrosis, the majority of whom are between the ages of 50 and 75; 
Whereas the average survival rate for the 
idiopathic form of pulmonary fibrosis is just 2.8 years and up to 80 percent of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis patients die within 5 years of diagnosis; 
Whereas pulmonary fibrosis takes the lives 
of 40,000 individuals in the United States each year, approximately 1 death every 13 minutes; 
Whereas many patients with pulmonary fi-
brosis are misdiagnosed for 1 year or longer after the patients are presenting with pul-monary fibrosis symptoms; 
Whereas as of September 2015, there are no 
biomarkers for screening and testing for pul-monary fibrosis; 
Whereas a cure or drug to extend life or 
improve symptoms of pulmonary fibrosis does not exist; 
Whereas the symptoms of pulmonary fibro-
sis vary from person to person and include shortness of breath, a dry cough, fatigue, weight loss, and aching muscles and joints; 
Whereas volunteers, researchers, care-
givers, and medical professionals are work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals with pulmonary fibrosis and the fami-lies of those individuals; and 
Whereas developing more effective treat-
ments for pulmonary fibrosis and providing access to quality care to individuals with pulmonary fibrosis requires increased re-search, education, and community support services: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2015 as ‘‘Pul-
monary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of Pul-
monary Fibrosis Awareness Month; 
(3) continues to support more robust and 
accelerated research to develop more effec-tive treatments for pulmonary fibrosis and 
to ultimately find a cure for the disease; 
(4) recognizes the courage and contribu-
tions of individuals with pulmonary fibrosis who participate in vital clinical trials to ad-vance the knowledge of the disease; and 
(5) commends the dedication of organiza-
tions, volunteers, researchers, and millions of individuals in the United States and abroad working to improve the quality of life for individuals with pulmonary fibrosis and the families of those individuals. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2678. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2679. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2680. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCH-
RAN) proposed an amendment to the joint 
resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2681. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2680 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2682. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2681 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2680 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, 
supra. 
SA 2683. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2684. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2683 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution 
H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2685. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2686. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2685 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution 
H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2687. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2686 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2685 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the joint 
resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
SA 2688. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. 
BARRASSO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2689. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCH-
RAN) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 
719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Fed-eral law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other pur-poses. 
SA 2690. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
bill H.R. 719, supra. 
SA 2691. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 719, supra. 
SA 2692. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2691 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 719, supra. 
SA 2693. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2692 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2691 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 719, supra. 
SA 2694. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include com-puter science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2678. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . NO BUDGET NO PAY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. 
(b) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’— 
(1) has the meaning given under section 
2106 of title 5, United States Code; and 
(2) does not include the Vice President. (c) T
IMELY APPROVAL OF CONCURRENT RES-
OLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIA -
TIONS BILLS.—If both Houses of Congress 
have not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular ap-propriations bills for the next fiscal year be-fore October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Congress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress ap-prove a concurrent resolution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appro-priations bills. 
(d) N
OPAYWITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLU -
TION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  
BILLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise be made available from the Treasury for the pay of any Mem-ber of Congress during any period deter-mined by the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate or the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e). 
(2) N
O RETROACTIVE PAY .—A Member of 
Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e), at any time after the end of that period. 
(e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
(1) S ENATE .— 
(A) R EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc-
tober 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Senate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.038 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6943 September 24, 2015 
(B) D ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of 
the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— 
(i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-
mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Sen-ators may not be paid under that subsection; 
(ii) determine the period of days following 
each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under subsection (c); and 
(iii) provide timely certification of the de-
terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. 
(2) H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) R EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc-
tober 1 of each year, the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). 
(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of 
the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— 
(i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-
mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Mem-bers of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that subsection; 
(ii) determine the period of days following 
each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sub-section (c); and 
(iii) provide timely certification of the de-
terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House of Representatives. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on February 1, 2017. 
SA 2679. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to provide assistance under the supplemental nutrition assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) until the date on which the Secretary of Agriculture certifies that each State agency has insti-tuted procedures to ensure that all able-bod-ied recipients of assistance under the pro-gram in that State who are between 18 and 49 years of age and without dependents are re-quired to comply with the requirements of a work program for at least 20 hours each week during any period in which the recipi-ents receive assistance under the program. 
SA 2680. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) proposed an amendment to 
the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-
ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike out all after the resolving clause 
and insert the following: 
The following sums are hereby appropriated, 
out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, and out of applicable cor-porate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agencies, cor-porations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-
essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fis-cal year 2015 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for con-tinuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this joint resolution, that were con-ducted in fiscal year 2015, and for which ap-
propriations, funds, or other authority were made available in the following appropria-tions Acts: 
(1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division A of Public Law 113–235), except section 743 and title VIII. 
(2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–235). 
(3) The Department of Defense Appropria-
tions Act, 2015 (division C of Public Law 113– 235), except title X. 
(4) The Energy and Water Development and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division D of Public Law 113–235). 
(5) The Financial Services and General 
Government Appropriations Act, 2015 (divi-sion E of Public Law 113–235). 
(6) The Department of Homeland Security 
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4). 
(7) The Department of the Interior, Envi-
ronment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division F of Public Law 113– 235). 
(8) The Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235), except title VI. 
(9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations 
Act, 2015 (division H of Public Law 113–235). 
(10) The Military Construction and Vet-
erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2015 (division I of Public Law 113–235). 
(11) The Department of State, Foreign Op-
erations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235), except title IX. 
(12) The Transportation, Housing and 
Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division K of Pub-lic Law 113–235). 
(13) Section 11 of the Consolidated and Fur-
ther Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235). 
(b) The rate for operations provided by sub-
section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.2108 per-cent. 
S
EC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds 
made available or authority granted pursu-ant to section 101 for the Department of De-fense shall be used for: (1) the new produc-tion of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2015 or prior years; (2) the in-crease in production rates above those sus-tained with fiscal year 2015 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or continuation of any project, activity, operation, or organiza-tion (defined as any project, subproject, ac-tivity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P– 
1 line item in a budget activity within an ap-propriation account and an R–1 line item that includes a program element and subpro-gram element within an appropriation ac-count) for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2015. 
(b) No appropriation or funds made avail-
able or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to initiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quantity procurement unless specifically appropriated later. 
S
EC. 103. Appropriations made by section 
101 shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the perti-nent appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in 
section 102, no appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or re-sume any project or activity for which ap-propriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and author-
ity granted pursuant to this joint resolution shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this joint resolution. 
S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in 
this joint resolution or in the applicable ap-propriations Act for fiscal year 2016, appro-priations and funds made available and au-thority granted pursuant to this joint resolu-tion shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or ac-tivity provided for in this joint resolution; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016 with-out any provision for such project or activ-ity; or (3) December 11, 2015. 
S
EC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to 
this joint resolution shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authoriza-tion whenever a bill in which such applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization is con-tained is enacted into law. 
S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds 
made available by or authority granted pur-suant to this joint resolution may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this joint resolu-tion may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportion-ment of funds. 
S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this joint resolution, except section 106, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or com-plete distribution of appropriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 because of dis-tributions of funding to States, foreign coun-
tries, grantees, or others, such high initial rates of operation or complete distribution shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this joint resolution that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. 
S
EC. 110. This joint resolution shall be im-
plemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the joint resolution shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. 
S
EC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other 
mandatory payments whose budget author-ity was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2015, and for activities under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the ap-plicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.042 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6944 September 24, 2015 
2015, to be continued through the date speci-
fied in section 106(3). 
(b) Notwithstanding section 106, obliga-
tions for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2015 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. 
S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under 
section 101 for civilian personnel compensa-tion and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid furloughs within such department or agency, con-sistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015, except that such au-thority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to reduce or defer non-personnel-related administrative expenses. 
S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this joint 
resolution may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 10 of Public Law 91– 672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Rela-tions Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). 
S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by 
reference in this joint resolution that was previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 or as being for dis-aster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, respectively. 
(b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this 
joint resolution shall not apply to— 
(1) amounts designated under subsection 
(a) of this section; or 
(2) amounts made available by section 
101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Adminis-tration—Limitation on Administrative Ex-penses’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235; or 
(3) amounts made available by section 
101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the heading ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235. 
(c) Section 6 of Public Law 113–235 shall 
apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism. 
S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this 
joint resolution, discretionary amounts ap-propriated for fiscal year 2016 that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts shall be available in the amounts provided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in sec-tion 101(b). 
S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding section 101, 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Domestic Food Programs— Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity As-sistance Program’’ at a rate for operations of $288,317,000, of which $221,298,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Pro-gram. 
S
EC. 117. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to pay ongoing debt service for the multi-family direct loan pro-grams under sections 514 and 515 of the Hous-ing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1485): Pro-
vided , That the Secretary may waive the pro-
hibition in the second proviso under such heading in division A of Public Law 113–235 with respect to rental assistance contracts entered into or renewed during fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 118. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Commerce—Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—Procurement, Acquisition and Con-struction’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned launch schedules for the Joint Polar Satellite System. 
S
EC. 119. (a) The first proviso under the 
heading ‘‘United States Marshals Service— Federal Prisoner Detention’’ in title II of di-vision B of Public Law 113–235 shall not apply during the period covered by this joint resolution. 
(b) The limitation in section 217(c) of divi-
sion B of Public Law 113–235 on the amount of excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall not apply under this joint resolution to the use of such funds for ‘‘United States Marshals Service—Federal Prisoner Detention’’. 
S
EC. 120. (a) The authority regarding close-
out of Space Shuttle contracts and associ-ated programs provided by language under the heading ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Administrative Pro-visions’’ in the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8) shall continue in ef-fect through fiscal year 2021. 
(b) This section shall be applied as if it 
were in effect on September 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 121. (a) Notwithstanding section 1552 
of title 31, United States Code, funds made available, including funds that have expired but have not been cancelled, and identified by Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 13– 09/10–0554 shall remain available for expendi-ture through fiscal year 2020 for the purpose of liquidating valid obligations of active grants. 
(b) For the purpose of subsection (a), 
grants for which the period of performance has expired but are not finally closed out shall be considered active grants. 
(c) This section shall be applied as if it 
were in effect on September 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 122. The following provisions shall be 
applied by substituting ‘‘2016’’ for ‘‘2015’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense: 
(1) Section 1215(f)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1237 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(2) Section 127b(c)(3)(C) of title 10, United 
States Code. 
S
EC. 123. (a) Funds made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decon-tamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to avoid disruption of con-tinuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. 
(b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify 
the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the au-thority provided in subsection (a). 
S
EC. 124. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this joint resolution, except section 106, the District of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and ac-tivities under the District of Columbia Ap-
propriations Act, 2015 (title IV of division E of Public Law 113–235) at the rate set forth under ‘‘District of Columbia Funds—Sum-mary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015 (D.C. Act 21–99), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this joint resolution. 
S
EC. 125. Notwithstanding section 101, no 
funds are provided by this joint resolution for ‘‘Recovery Accountability and Trans-parency Board—Salaries and Expenses’’. 
S
EC. 126. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Small Business Administra-tion—Business Loans Program Account’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commitments for general busi-ness loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). 
S
EC. 127. Sections 1101(a) and 1104(a)(2)(A) 
of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (title XI of division C of Public Law 105–277; 47 U.S.C. 151 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 128. Section 101 shall be applied by as-
suming that section 7 of Public Law 113–235 was enacted as part of title VII of division E of Public Law 113–235. 
S
EC. 129. The authority provided by section 
831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution. 
S
EC. 130. Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immi-
gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 131. Section 610(b) of the Departments 
of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (8 U.S.C. 1153 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 132. Subclauses 101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and 
(III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and (III)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 133. Section 220(c) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Technical Corrections Act of 1994 (8 U.S.C. 1182 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 134. Section 810 of the Federal Lands 
Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking all that follows after 
‘‘shall terminate’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017.’’. 
S
EC. 135. In addition to the amount other-
wise provided by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management’’, there is appropriated $700,000,000 for an additional amount for fis-cal year 2016, to remain available until ex-pended, for urgent wildland fire suppression activities: Provided , That such funds shall 
only become available if funds previously provided for wildland fire suppression will be exhausted imminently and the Secretary of Agriculture notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in writing of the need for these additional funds: Provided further , That 
such funds are also available for transfer to other appropriations accounts to repay amounts previously transferred for wildfire suppression: Provided further , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, ex-cept that such amount shall be available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.008 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6945 September 24, 2015 
only if the President subsequently so des-
ignates such amount and transmits such des-ignation to the Congress. 
S
EC. 136. The authorities provided by sec-
tions 117 and 123 of division G of Public Law 113–76 shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution. 
S
EC. 137. (a) The authority provided by sub-
section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution. 
(b) For the period covered by this joint res-
olution, the authority provided by the pro-visos under the heading ‘‘Dwight D. Eisen-hower Memorial Commission—Capital Con-struction’’ in division E of Public Law 112–74 shall not be in effect. 
S
EC. 138. Section 3096(2) of the Carl Levin 
and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ after ‘‘$37,000,000’’. 
S
EC. 139. Funds made available in prior ap-
propriations Acts for construction and ren-ovation of facilities for the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention may also be used for construction on leased land. 
S
EC. 140. Subsection (b) of section 163 of 
Public Law 111–242, as amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘2015–2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2016–2017’’. 
S
EC. 141. Section 101 shall be applied by as-
suming that section 139 of Public Law 113–164 was enacted as part of division G of Public Law 113–235, and section 139 of Public Law 113–164 shall be applied by adding at the end the following: ‘‘and of the unobligated bal-ance of amounts deposited or available in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund from appropriations to the Fund under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(i) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $1,664,000,000 is rescinded’’. 
S
EC. 142. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 143. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this joint resolution, there is appro-priated for payment to Tori B. Nunnelee, widow of Alan Nunnelee, late a Representa-tive from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
S
EC. 144. Of the discretionary unobligated 
balances of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs from fiscal year 2015 or prior fiscal years, or discretionary amounts appro-priated in advance for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may transfer 
up to $625,000,000 to ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—Con-struction, Major Projects’’, to be merged with the amounts available in such account: Provided , That no amounts may be trans-
ferred from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010: Pro-
vided further , That no amounts may be trans-
ferred until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a request for, and receives from the Committees writ-ten approval of, such transfers: Provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary shall specify in such 
request the donor account and amount of each proposed transfer, the fiscal year of each appropriation to be transferred, the amount of unobligated balances remaining in the account after the transfer, and the project or program impact of the transfer. 
S
EC. 145. Notwithstanding section 101, 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-
tion—General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ at a rate for oper-ations of $2,697,734,000. 
S
EC. 146. Notwithstanding section 101, sec-
tion 226(a) of division I of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied to amounts made available by this joint resolution by substituting ‘‘di-vision I of Public Law 113–235’’ for ‘‘division J of Public Law 113–76’’ and by substituting ‘‘2015’’ for ‘‘2014’’. 
S
EC. 147. Section 209 of the International 
Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6436) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolu-tion for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 148. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors—International Broadcasting Oper-ations’’, ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance— Funds Appropriated to the President—Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Secu-rity Assistance—Department of State— International Narcotics Control and Law En-forcement’’, ‘‘International Security Assist-ance—Department of State—Nonprolifera-tion, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, and ‘‘International Security As-sistance—Funds Appropriated to the Presi-dent—Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall be obligated at a rate for operations as necessary to sustain assistance for Ukraine to counter external, regional aggression and influence, including for the costs of author-ized loan guarantees. 
S
EC. 149. Section 1334 of the Foreign Affairs 
Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 150. (a) Funds made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Management and Ad-ministration—Administrative Support Of-fices’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned schedule for the New Core Shared Services Project. 
(b) Not later than 3 days before the first 
use of the apportionment authority in sub-section (a), each 30 days thereafter, and 3 days after the authority expires under this joint resolution, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report specifying each use of the authority through the date of the report. 
S
EC. 151. (a) Section 48103(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, shall be applied: (1) by 
substituting the amount specified in such section with $1,610,000,000; and (2) by sub-stituting the fiscal year specified in such section with the period beginning October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016. 
(b) Section 47104(c), 47107(r)(3), and 47115(j) 
of title 49, United States Code, shall each be applied by substituting ‘‘2016’’ for ‘‘2015’’. 
(c) Section 47141(f) of title 49, United 
States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(d) For purposes of calculating funding ap-
portionments and meeting other require-ments under sections 47114, 47115, 47116, and 47117 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on March 31, 2016, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall— 
(1) first calculate funding apportionments 
on an annualized basis as if the total amount available under section 48103 of such title for fiscal year 2016 were $3,220,000,000; and 
(2) then reduce by 50 percent— (A) all funding apportionments calculated 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) amounts available pursuant to sections 
47117(b) and 47117(f)(2) of such title. 
(e) Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-
tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) shall be applied by sub-
stituting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(f) Nothing in this section shall affect the 
availability of any balances of contract au-thority provided under section 48103 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2015 or any prior fiscal year. 
(g) Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-
tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
(h) This section shall be in effect through 
March 31, 2016. 
S
EC. 152. (a) Notwithstanding section 106, 
sections 4081(d)(2)(B), 4261(j), 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii), and 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall each be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) Notwithstanding section 106, section 
4083(b) and subsections (d)(1) and (e)(2) of sec-tion 9502 of such Code shall each be applied by substituting ‘‘April 1, 2016’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(c) Subparagraph (A) of section 9502(d)(1) of 
such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘or any Act making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2016’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
This joint resolution may be cited as the 
‘‘Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2016’’. 
SA 2681. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2680 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) to the joint resolution H.J. 
Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2682. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2681 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2680 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
SA 2683. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.008 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6946 September 24, 2015 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 4 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2684. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2683 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
SA 2685. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; as follows: 
At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 6 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2686. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2685 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’ 
SA 2687. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2686 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2685 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the joint resolution H.J. 
Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’ 
SA 2688. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , 
and Mr. B ARRASSO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the joint resolution H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. None of the amounts made avail-
able by section 101 for ‘‘International Secu-rity Assistance—Department of State—Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’ or in prior acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations and related programs may be made available for a voluntary contribu-tion to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that any side agreements be-tween the IAEA and the Government of Iran, including such agreements related to the Roadmap for Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues between such en-tities, have been made available to Members of the United States Senate and House of Representatives, in classified form if nec-essary. 
SA 2689. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) proposed an amendment to 
the bill H.R. 719, to require the Trans-portation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investi-gator positions, and for other purposes; 
as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
The following sums are hereby appropriated, 
out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, and out of applicable cor-porate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agencies, cor-porations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-
essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fis-cal year 2015 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for con-tinuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2015, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made avail-able in the following appropriations Acts: 
(1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division A of Public Law 113–235), except section 743 and title VIII. 
(2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–235). 
(3) The Department of Defense Appropria-
tions Act, 2015 (division C of Public Law 113– 235), except title X. 
(4) The Energy and Water Development and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division D of Public Law 113–235). 
(5) The Financial Services and General 
Government Appropriations Act, 2015 (divi-sion E of Public Law 113–235). 
(6) The Department of Homeland Security 
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4). 
(7) The Department of the Interior, Envi-
ronment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division F of Public Law 113– 235). 
(8) The Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235), except title VI. 
(9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations 
Act, 2015 (division H of Public Law 113–235). 
(10) The Military Construction and Vet-
erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2015 (division I of Public Law 113–235). 
(11) The Department of State, Foreign Op-
erations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 
235), except title IX. 
(12) The Transportation, Housing and 
Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division K of Pub-lic Law 113–235). 
(13) Section 11 of the Consolidated and Fur-
ther Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235). 
(b) The rate for operations provided by sub-
section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.2108 per-cent. 
S
EC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds 
made available or authority granted pursu-ant to section 101 for the Department of De-fense shall be used for: (1) the new produc-tion of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2015 or prior years; (2) the in-crease in production rates above those sus-tained with fiscal year 2015 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or continuation of any project, activity, operation, or organiza-tion (defined as any project, subproject, ac-tivity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P– 1 line item in a budget activity within an ap-propriation account and an R–1 line item that includes a program element and subpro-gram element within an appropriation ac-count) for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2015. 
(b) No appropriation or funds made avail-
able or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to initiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quantity procurement unless specifically appropriated later. 
S
EC. 103. Appropriations made by section 
101 shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the perti-nent appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in 
section 102, no appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or re-sume any project or activity for which ap-propriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and author-
ity granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. 
S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in 
this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or activity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016 without any provision for such project or activity; or (3) December 11, 2015. 
S
EC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to 
this Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization when-ever a bill in which such applicable appro-priation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. 
S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds 
made available by or authority granted pur-suant to this Act may be used without re-
gard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportionment of funds. 
S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, except section 106, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete dis-tribution of appropriations at the beginning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.020 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6947 September 24, 2015 
of fiscal year 2016 because of distributions of 
funding to States, foreign countries, grant-ees, or others, such high initial rates of oper-ation or complete distribution shall not be 
made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. 
S
EC. 110. This Act shall be implemented so 
that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. 
S
EC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other 
mandatory payments whose budget author-ity was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2015, and for activities under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the ap-plicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015, to be continued through the date speci-fied in section 106(3). 
(b) Notwithstanding section 106, obliga-
tions for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2015 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. 
S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under 
section 101 for civilian personnel compensa-tion and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid furloughs within such department or agency, con-sistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015, except that such au-thority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to reduce or defer non-personnel-related administrative expenses. 
S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this Act 
may be obligated and expended notwith-standing section 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). 
S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by 
reference in this Act that was previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, re-spectively. 
(b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this 
Act shall not apply to— 
(1) amounts designated under subsection 
(a) of this section; or 
(2) amounts made available by section 
101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Adminis-tration—Limitation on Administrative Ex-penses’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235; or 
(3) amounts made available by section 
101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the heading ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235. 
(c) Section 6 of Public Law 113–235 shall 
apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism. 
S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this 
Act, discretionary amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2016 that were provided in ad-
vance by appropriations Acts shall be avail-able in the amounts provided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in section 101(b). 
S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding section 101, 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Domestic Food Programs— Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity As-sistance Program’’ at a rate for operations of $288,317,000, of which $221,298,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Pro-gram. 
S
EC. 117. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to pay ongoing debt service for the multi-family direct loan pro-grams under sections 514 and 515 of the Hous-ing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1485): Pro-
vided , That the Secretary may waive the pro-
hibition in the second proviso under such heading in division A of Public Law 113–235 with respect to rental assistance contracts entered into or renewed during fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 118. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Commerce—Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—Procurement, Acquisition and Con-struction’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned launch schedules for the Joint Polar Satellite System. 
S
EC. 119. (a) The first proviso under the 
heading ‘‘United States Marshals Service— Federal Prisoner Detention’’ in title II of di-vision B of Public Law 113–235 shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. 
(b) The limitation in section 217(c) of divi-
sion B of Public Law 113–235 on the amount of excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall not apply under this Act to the use of such funds for ‘‘United States Marshals Service—Federal Prisoner Deten-tion’’. 
S
EC. 120. (a) The authority regarding close-
out of Space Shuttle contracts and associ-ated programs provided by language under the heading ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Administrative Pro-visions’’ in the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8) shall continue in ef-fect through fiscal year 2021. 
(b) This section shall be applied as if it 
were in effect on September 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 121. (a) Notwithstanding section 1552 
of title 31, United States Code, funds made available, including funds that have expired but have not been cancelled, and identified by Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 13– 09/10–0554 shall remain available for expendi-ture through fiscal year 2020 for the purpose of liquidating valid obligations of active grants. 
(b) For the purpose of subsection (a), 
grants for which the period of performance has expired but are not finally closed out shall be considered active grants. 
(c) This section shall be applied as if it 
were in effect on September 30, 2015. 
S
EC. 122. The following provisions shall be 
applied by substituting ‘‘2016’’ for ‘‘2015’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense: 
(1) Section 1215(f)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1237 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(2) Section 127b(c)(3)(C) of title 10, United 
States Code. S
EC. 123. (a) Funds made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decon-tamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to avoid disruption of con-tinuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. 
(b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify 
the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the au-thority provided in subsection (a). 
S
EC. 124. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, except section 106, the Dis-trict of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Columbia Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (title IV of division E of Pub-lic Law 113–235) at the rate set forth under ‘‘District of Columbia Funds—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015 (D.C. Act 21–99), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 125. Notwithstanding section 101, no 
funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board— Salaries and Expenses’’. 
S
EC. 126. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Small Business Administra-tion—Business Loans Program Account’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commitments for general busi-ness loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). 
S
EC. 127. Sections 1101(a) and 1104(a)(2)(A) 
of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (title XI of division C of Public Law 105–277; 47 U.S.C. 151 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 128. Section 101 shall be applied by as-
suming that section 7 of Public Law 113–235 was enacted as part of title VII of division E of Public Law 113–235. 
S
EC. 129. The authority provided by section 
831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. 
S
EC. 130. Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immi-
gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 131. Section 610(b) of the Departments 
of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (8 U.S.C. 1153 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 132. Subclauses 101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and 
(III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(C)(ii)(II) and (III)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 133. Section 220(c) of the Immigration 
and Nationality Technical Corrections Act of 1994 (8 U.S.C. 1182 note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 134. Section 810 of the Federal Lands 
Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking all that follows after ‘‘shall terminate’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017.’’. 
S
EC. 135. In addition to the amount other-
wise provided by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management’’, there is appropriated $700,000,000 for an additional amount for fis-cal year 2016, to remain available until ex-pended, for urgent wildland fire suppression 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.010 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6948 September 24, 2015 
activities: Provided , That such funds shall 
only become available if funds previously provided for wildland fire suppression will be exhausted imminently and the Secretary of Agriculture notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in writing of the need for these additional funds: Provided further , That 
such funds are also available for transfer to other appropriations accounts to repay amounts previously transferred for wildfire suppression: Provided further , That such 
amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, ex-cept that such amount shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates such amount and transmits such des-ignation to the Congress. 
S
EC. 136. The authorities provided by sec-
tions 117 and 123 of division G of Public Law 113–76 shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. 
S
EC. 137. (a) The authority provided by sub-
section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. 
(b) For the period covered by this Act, the 
authority provided by the provisos under the heading ‘‘Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission—Capital Construction’’ in divi-sion E of Public Law 112–74 shall not be in ef-fect. 
S
EC. 138. Section 3096(2) of the Carl Levin 
and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ after ‘‘$37,000,000’’. 
S
EC. 139. Funds made available in prior ap-
propriations Acts for construction and ren-ovation of facilities for the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention may also be used for construction on leased land. 
S
EC. 140. Subsection (b) of section 163 of 
Public Law 111–242, as amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘2015–2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2016–2017’’. 
S
EC. 141. Section 101 shall be applied by as-
suming that section 139 of Public Law 113–164 was enacted as part of division G of Public Law 113–235, and section 139 of Public Law 113–164 shall be applied by adding at the end the following: ‘‘and of the unobligated bal-ance of amounts deposited or available in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund from appropriations to the Fund under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(i) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $1,664,000,000 is rescinded’’. 
S
EC. 142. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 143. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, there is appropriated for payment to Tori B. Nunnelee, widow of Alan Nunnelee, late a Representative from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
S
EC. 144. Of the discretionary unobligated 
balances of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs from fiscal year 2015 or prior fiscal years, or discretionary amounts appro-priated in advance for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may transfer up to $625,000,000 to ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—Con-struction, Major Projects’’, to be merged with the amounts available in such account: Provided , That no amounts may be trans-
ferred from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the 
Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010: Pro-
vided further , That no amounts may be trans-
ferred until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a request for, and receives from the Committees writ-ten approval of, such transfers: Provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary shall specify in such 
request the donor account and amount of each proposed transfer, the fiscal year of each appropriation to be transferred, the amount of unobligated balances remaining in the account after the transfer, and the project or program impact of the transfer. 
S
EC. 145. Notwithstanding section 101, 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ at a rate for oper-ations of $2,697,734,000. 
S
EC. 146. Notwithstanding section 101, sec-
tion 226(a) of division I of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied to amounts made available by this Act by substituting ‘‘division I of Public Law 113–235’’ for ‘‘division J of Public Law 113–76’’ and by substituting ‘‘2015’’ for ‘‘2014’’. 
S
EC. 147. Section 209 of the International 
Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6436) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 148. Amounts made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors—International Broadcasting Oper-ations’’, ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance— Funds Appropriated to the President—Eco-nomic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Secu-rity Assistance—Department of State— International Narcotics Control and Law En-forcement’’, ‘‘International Security Assist-ance—Department of State—Nonprolifera-tion, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, and ‘‘International Security As-sistance—Funds Appropriated to the Presi-dent—Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall be obligated at a rate for operations as necessary to sustain assistance for Ukraine to counter external, regional aggression and influence, including for the costs of author-ized loan guarantees. 
S
EC. 149. Section 1334 of the Foreign Affairs 
Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
S
EC. 150. (a) Funds made available by sec-
tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Management and Ad-ministration—Administrative Support Of-fices’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned schedule for the New Core Shared Services Project. 
(b) Not later than 3 days before the first 
use of the apportionment authority in sub-section (a), each 30 days thereafter, and 3 days after the authority expires under this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate a report specifying each use of the authority through the date of the report. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing 
Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SA 2690. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 719, to re-
quire the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; as follows: At the end add the following. 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2691. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following, 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2692. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2691 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator posi-tions, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
SA 2693. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2692 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2691 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 719, to re-
quire the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’ 
SA 2694. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
THUNE ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 1020, to define STEM edu-cation to include computer science, and to support existing STEM edu-cation programs at the National Science Foundation; as follows: 
On page 4, strike lines 24 through 25 and in-
sert the following: 
(3) in subsections (e) and (f), by striking 
‘‘subsection (g)’’ each place it appears, and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 24, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STEM EDUCATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 195, H.R. 1020; further, that the Thune amendment be agreed to and the Senate vote on pas-sage of the bill, as amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE6.010 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6949 September 24, 2015 
existing STEM education programs at the 
National Science Foundation. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the bill. 
The amendment (No. 2694) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
[Purpose: To make a conforming 
amendment] 
On page 4, strike lines 24 through 25 and in-
sert the following: 
(3) in subsections (e) and (f), by striking 
‘‘subsection (g)’’ each place it appears, and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 1020), as amended, was 
passed. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL ADULT EDUCATION 
AND FAMILY LITERACY WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 258 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 258) designating the 
week of September 20 through 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Week’’. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or 
debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 258) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of September 17, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ESTUARIES WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 269, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 269) designating the 
week of September 19 through September 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 269) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PULMONARY FIBROSIS 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 270. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 270) designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 270) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 
25, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m., Friday, Sep-tember 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:27 p.m., adjourned until Friday, September 25, 2015, at 10:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24SE6.064 S24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1339 September 24, 2015 
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, today, I 
would like to talk about the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood and restrict ac-cess to health care services. 
Planned Parenthood is an invaluable re-
source for working Americans across the country. In my home state of Minnesota, Planned Parenthood operates 18 clinics, an online health center, and serves over 54,000 people every year. 
If funding for Planned Parenthood is elimi-
nated—as my Republican colleagues are de-manding—the consequences would be dev-astating. The elimination of Planned Parent-hood’s services would mean that millions of women and men would lose access to primary care services, contraceptive services, breast and cervical cancer screenings, and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases. These fami-lies—especially those in rural and high poverty areas—would have nowhere else to go. 
My colleagues who support defunding 
Planned Parenthood say that working families could go elsewhere to receive care. This claim is false. Community Health Centers and other clinics that serve low-income Americans would not be able to provide care for all of the pa-tients that would flood their offices should Planned Parenthood lose their federal funding. 
Not only would defunding Planned Parent-
hood create barriers to accessing care, but it would limit the ability of women to achieve economic security. A recent Guttmacher Insti-tute study showed that access to contracep-tion helped women complete their education, keep or get a job, and take better care of their families. For example, the children of mothers who had access to contraception have higher family incomes and college completion rates. Moreover, research also shows that access to birth control contributed in a 30 percent rise in the number of women in skilled careers be-tween 1970 and 1990. The positive effects of widespread access to reproductive and pri-mary care services for women, families and Americans is immeasurable. 
Unfortunately, the recent attacks on Planned 
Parenthood are nothing new. This is just an-other attack on working families and low-in-come women. In 1976, Congress passed the Hyde Amendment which restricts the use of federal funds for abortion. This policy directly harms the wellbeing and safety of low-income women, and limits their personal autonomy. It is a policy I strongly oppose. Three decades later, Republican talking points about Planned Parenthood ignore the very real impact defunding the organization will have on every day Americans—both on a large economic scale, and on the personal health and auton-omy of Americans. It is a reminder that my Republican colleagues in Congress do not 
trust women to make decisions that are best for them. That must change. We must trust women to do what is best for their bodies and their families. Republican tactics also ignore the consequences of shutting down the gov-ernment simply to make an ideological point. 
Putting the wellbeing of millions working 
Americans on the line is unacceptable. Sup-porting policies that restrict women’s—specifi-cally low-income women’s—personal auton-omy is unacceptable. That is why I support the Planned Parenthood and the working families it serves. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL LATINO 
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH ASSOCIA-TION SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Latino Behavioral Health Association Scholar-ship Recipients for their commitment to pro-moting the health and well-being of the mem-bers of their communities as they pursue a college degree in behavioral health. 
The National Latino Behavioral Health Asso-
ciation (NLBHA) was established to strengthen the national voice for Latinos in the behavioral health arena and to bring attention to the great disparities that exist in areas of access, utiliza-tion, practice based research, and adequately trained personnel. The NLBHA Scholarship provides financial resources and mentorships to students to achieve their goal of college graduation. This year, the NLBHA Scholarship Luncheon recognizes the scholastic achieve-ments of eleven students working toward a degree in behavioral health with a commitment to serving the communities of New Mexico. 
During Hispanic Heritage Month, it is an 
honor to support these young Hispanic stu-dents as they embark on their journey in high-er education. I commend their dedication to addressing the great disparities that exist in the areas of funding, access, and quality of care for Hispanics needing professional men-tal health and substance abuse services. And while I applaud NLBHA’s efforts to recruit and support Hispanics dedicated to behavioral health, and to the students pursuing higher education with the goal of supporting the be-havioral needs of New Mexico, I congratulate them on receiving the NLBHA Scholarship and wish them luck in their college and future en-deavors. HONORING THE JOLIET JUNIOR 
COLLEGE OPERATIONS ENGI-NEERING AND TECHNICIAN PRO-GRAM 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Joliet Junior College and the launch of their Operations Engineering and Technician (OET) Program. 
In today’s workforce and economic environ-
ment, being career ready is more important than ever. With the number of retirees increas-ing almost daily, companies and employers are searching for talented individuals who can hit the ground running on day one in their new roles. The skills students will learn and de-velop in OET are first class and as a result, the Joliet Junior College OET program will en-sure graduates from the program will spur competition, productivity, and ingenuity in the next generation of workers. Programs like OET and similar technical education programs are vital to leading our economy and our work-force into the future. 
I have witnessed firsthand the quality edu-
cation that Joliet Junior College provides my constituents and our surrounding communities, and I am proud to represent many of these wonderful individuals in Congress. On behalf of the 16th District of Illinois, I wish to express our deepest thanks to the Joliet Junior College for their commendable service and constant dedication to higher education. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KENT STATE UNI-
VERSITY’S LIQUID CRYSTAL IN-STITUTE’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an Ohio institution that has made scientific and technological strides that have had an impact on every single one of our lives. The Glenn H. Brown Liquid Crystal Insti-tute at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio celebrates its 50th anniversary this month after decades of scientific advancement in the development of liquid crystal technology that is used in devices like flat screen TVs and mo-bile devices. 
The Kent State University Board of Trustees 
authorized the creation of the Liquid Crystal Institute in 1965, subsequently garnering grants from the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and agen-cies of the U.S. defense sector. Glenn Brown, a Chemistry professor at the University since 1961, served as the Institute’s director until his retirement in 1983. Under the direction of Di-rector Dr. Hiroshi Yokoyama, the Institute con-tinues its tradition of scientific excellence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.001 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1340 September 24, 2015 
Innovations that grew from scientific en-
deavors at the Liquid Crystal Institute have fundamentally changed our modern life, like the invention of the twisted nematic cell, the heart of modern Liquid Crystal Displays. On Kent State University’s campus, the Liquid Crystal and Materials Sciences building houses more than 25 individual labs and rooms for prototype development of new liquid crystal displays. There, the Institute is con-ducting groundbreaking research in advanced photonics, sensors, bio- and medical molec-ular devices, and materials for new energy ap-plications. Recently, a team of scientists work-ing with the Liquid Crystal Institute developed a heat-sensitive fabric to help diabetics detect harmful inflammation and infections. 
So this month we celebrate 50 years of in-
novation and research at the Liquid Crystal In-stitute of Kent State University and I know my colleagues join me in recognizing the impor-tance of this great Ohio institution. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND 
SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF FIRST SERGEANT PETER ANDREW M
CKENNA JR., UNITED STATES 
ARMY SPECIAL FORCES 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. On Friday, August 7, 2015, First Sergeant Peter Andrew McKenna Jr. of the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, located in Florida’s First Congressional District, tragically lost his life during an attack on a NATO facility in Kabul, Afghanistan. First Sergeant McKenna, now laid to rest in Rhode Island, was only 35 years old, but lived a life-
time marked by and full of service. 
Born to Peter and Carol McKenna of Bristol, 
Rhode Island, 1SG McKenna graduated from Mt. Hope High School in 1998. Upon his grad-uation, he followed his family’s example of service, began his career as an Army infantry-man, and then passed the grueling Special Forces qualifying course and earned his Green Beret in 2002. Upon completion of the Q–Course, he was assigned to the 7th Special Forces Group, now based at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida, as communications sergeant. During his selfless service, 1SG McKenna par-ticipated in six combat deployments to both Iraq and Afghanistan while serving our Nation with the utmost distinction throughout his 17- year career. 
Among his many awards and accolades are 
the Bronze Star with Valor, Army Commenda-tion Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army Com-bat Infantry Badge, Master Parachutist Badge, Master Free Fall Badge, and the Special Forces Tab. 
He, however, was not only a consummate 
leader and selfless warrior in his professional life, but his personal life as well. He was re-cently recognized for having traveled the fur-thest distance to be at the 2015 Bristol Fourth Of July Celebration. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a humble and 
grateful Nation, I thank Andrew’s family, for the love, counsel, guidance, and support given to him, which helped make him the hero he became. His life stands as a testament that freedom is not free, and to that end, his leg-acy will echo in time as an example of the ulti-mate sacrifice. My wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God be with his daughter Re-becca, parents Peter and Carol, and the rest of his family and friends during this time of great mourning, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENT 
OF JOE KANFER 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of Mr. Joe Kanfer, the recipient of the 48th Bert A. Polsky Humanitarian Award. Joe is the chairman and CEO of GOJO Industries. In addition to his position at GOJO Industries, Joe is a chairman for Startvest Partners, a firm that develops biotech startups in Israel. He is honored today for his continuous support in strengthening the Jewish community and his dedication to im-proving education and health care, and reduc-ing poverty and hunger. Joe has accomplished this work along with his wife, Pam, his four children and their spouses through the Lippman Kanfer Family Philanthropies and GOJO. 
His numerous accomplishments also include 
a three-year term as the chair of the Jewish Federations of North America, chairman of the Jewish Education Service of North America and a member of the Jewish Agency for Israel in Jerusalem. He currently serves as chair of the Honeymoon Israel Foundation. Joe Kanfer is not only known for his work on a national level, but also on a local level. He serves as chairman for countless organizations in the greater Akron Area including Akron Tomorrow, the Greater Akron Chamber Executive Com-mittee, Bits and Atoms Innovation Center, and just recently, the Akron Children’s Hospital’s Building on a Promise Campaign. In addition, he is a trustee for the Jewish Community Board of Akron and the Lippman School. He is also the former vice president of University of Akron Board of Trustees and trustee of the Shaw Jewish Community center and Akron Roundtable. 
It is my pleasure to recognize a man who 
has worked so hard to strengthen his commu-nity on a local and national level. I applaud Joe Kanfer and could not imagine a better re-cipient for this year’s Bert A. Polsky Humani-tarian Award. 
f 
HONORING FELICIA GASTON 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Felicia Gaston, who, since founding Performing Stars of Marin 25 years ago, has endeavored to give low-income and at-risk 
children in the North Bay access to the arts. For two and a half decades, Ms. Gaston has worked tirelessly to help more than 1,300 young people in Marin City and San Rafael ‘‘reach for the stars’’ through performance, giv-ing them an outlet for creativity and pushing them to develop discipline, self-reliance, and self-esteem in their early years and beyond. 
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Ms. Gaston moved 
to California with her family as a teenager, later relocating to the Bay Area in college. She founded Performing Stars in 1990 to give local children access to opportunities she never had. As a black child in the South, Ms. Gaston encountered segregation and discrimination, which prevented her from taking classes at her local ballet school. By providing opportuni-ties for young people to dance, perform, and express themselves through art regardless of skin color or socioeconomic background, her leadership and tenacity has helped other chil-dren avoid the struggle she faced. 
Performing Stars has impacted hundreds of 
students and thousands of family members, classmates, and friends. Participants receive access to scholarships for arts programs, op-portunities for performance, group trips to local arts events, and life skills workshops. More than that, they become part of the outstanding Performing Stars community that Ms. Gaston has created. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor and 
thank Felicia Gaston for her many years of dedicated service in improving young lives in our community. On behalf of the many individ-uals whose lives she’s changed, I am privi-leged to express deep gratitude to Ms. Felicia Gaston for her continuing leadership, thought-fulness, and passion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ESTELLA 
MAVIS KNOX 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
sadness to recognize the passing of one of East Palo Alto’s guiding spirits. Estella Mavis Knox, known as Mavis, passed from this earth on August 11, 2015. She had a profound im-pact upon the community in which she lived for five decades. 
Mavis Knox was born on January 15, 1939 
in Durant, Mississippi. From this small town of 2,500 in America’s segregated south, Mavis eventually settled in East Palo Alto, California, a remarkable community in my district, also a small town, set amidst the larger San Fran-cisco Bay Area with all of its diversity, vi-brancy and social activism. 
Mavis raised her three children as a single 
mother and still found the time and energy, at the age of 31, to earn a bachelor’s degree in sociology from San Jose State University. She would later complete her master’s at San Jose State. Mr. Speaker and members, this single mother, through her personal example and standards, also inspired her children to attend two historically black colleges: Morehouse and Tuskegee. 
Nairobi College opened in East Palo Alto in 
1969. Mavis was an early administrator. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24SE8.007 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1341 September 24, 2015 
staunch, lifelong advocate of education, she 
was instrumental in founding this innovative and highly successful community college tai-lored to address the multiple academic, social and service needs of the East Palo Alto com-munity. The college began with 120 students and grew to 200 within a few years. One year before its founding, Dr. Martin Luther King had been killed. As the war in Vietnam raged and several American cities went up in flames, Mavis Knox joined with visionary leaders to offer an alternative to fires burning within and without: the light and hope of a quality college education. Her love of education would distin-guish Mavis Knox in years to come, and her community leadership was built upon this bed-rock commitment. 
Mavis began her career with San Mateo 
County in 1982 and retired in 2005 after spending much of her county career in Chil-dren and Family Services as a social worker and supervisor. When she supervised the Long Term Placement unit she was the driving force in enhancing the Independent Living Skills program and the Moving On ceremony. 
Mavis was elected to the Ravenswood City 
School District Board of Trustees and served the community from that position for 12 years during the 1970s and early 1980s. This was a time of tremendous change in the district, with historic segregation and its legacy being chal-lenged regularly. 
Newspaper reports of the time indicate that 
students and parents demanded equality of opportunity, and they demanded that the dis-trict overcome the impacts of decades of racial segregation. Mavis Knox was a vocal advo-cate for equality. This required hiring staff that would set high standards and be held ac-countable to the community. Press reports from that time indicate that such routine deci-sions as hiring a superintendent were some-times contentious, but the stakes were also high. While she demanded accountability by the staff to the community, Mavis Knox also held herself accountable. She successfully ad-vocated for better school financing, and strongly urged the community to unite in cre-ating a first-rate system. 
Mr. Speaker and members, Mavis Knox was 
a dedicated member, committee chair, and leader in the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, earning the Bertha Pitts Campbell Award in 2011, the Chapter’s highest honor for out-
standing service to the sorority and commu-nity. Among other distinguished community service, she served as Foreman of the Grand Jury of San Mateo County and charter board member of the East Palo Alto Girls’ Club of the Mid-Peninsula. She was a prolific fund raiser for at-risk youth. She is survived by her son Anthony D. Jones, daughter Brenda Des-tiny Knox, brother Ronald Knox, grandchildren, great grandchildren, nieces, nephews, cousins and friends. 
A leading advocate for social justice has 
now passed from our midst. In our sorrow, it is important to note that the lessons she taught by example will offer guidance and comfort for years to come. Ultimately, this is the greatest gift to us all of Mavis Knox, a mother, educator, community advocate, and an outstanding American. HONORING THE LIFE OF ALFRED 
D. COWARD 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and remember the life of Alfred D. Coward, who passed away on July 10th, 2015 with his beloved wife, Verlene, by his side. Alfred was a community leader in Youngstown, Ohio of the utmost caliber and influence. Over 35 years of distinguished serv-ice to the Mt. Calvary Pentecostal Church, Al-fred ‘‘The Rev’’ Coward served in multiple leadership positions. These included Super-intendent of the Sunday school, Head of Pas-toral Affairs and Bereavement, and Chairman of the Brotherhood Department to name a few. 
Alfred’s leadership skills were also em-
ployed outside of the walls of Mt. Calvary Church. Reverend Coward’s civic involvement included four years as Chair of the Mayor’s Task Force on Crime and Violence Preven-tion, five years on the Steering Committee of the Youngstown Weed & Seed Initiative, as well as an appointment by Mayor Jay Williams to the Youngstown Civil Service Commission, where he served as Vice-President. Alfred was also the recipient of the Crisis Interven-tion Unit for Domestic Violence Award. 
Alfred was preceded in death by his par-
ents; an aunt and uncle, Naomi and John Car-penter, who reared him; and a sister Darlene Carter. He leaves behind the love of his life Verlene ‘‘Sweet Verl’’ Coward, his wife of nearly 46 years; the pride of his life, his three children, Alfred D. (Nicole) Coward II of Youngstown, OH; Teri J. Coward of Austintown, OH; and Aaron (Veronica) Cow-ard, of Boardman, OH; the joy of his life, nine grandchildren, Kandace Coward, Kamille Cow-ard, Ashley Joseph, Kayla Coward, Courtney Joseph, Gabrielle Joseph, Alfred Coward III, Aarion Coward and Addisyn Coward; a sister, Brenda Townsend of Tulsa, OK; and a host of loving family, church family, and friends. 
I am deeply saddened by Alfred’s passing, 
and extend my most heartfelt condolences to his entire family. Reverend Coward was an exemplary spiritual and civic leader who, through his unwavering dedication and service to his community, left Youngstown and North-east Ohio a better place than when he found it. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SAINT JUNIPERO 
SERRA 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on be-
half of myself and my California colleagues, Rep. A
NNA ESHOO , Rep. J ANICE HAHN, Rep. 
JARED HUFFMAN , Rep. N ANCY PELOSI , Rep. 
MIKETHOMPSON and Rep. J UAN VARGAS , to 
welcome His Holiness Pope Francis to Wash-ington and to celebrate his actions yesterday in canonizing Father Junipero Serra. 
Yesterday we were all witness to a sacred 
ceremony validating the holiness of Father Serra as a leader of the Catholic faith in early California. But Father Serra is also a major 
historical figure in California’s settlement and expansion. As important as his contribution to the faith is, his effort to unify and connect north and south California laid the groundwork for the state it came to be. 
As most people know, Father Serra is re-
sponsible for establishing the first 9 of what would eventually be 21 missions up and down the coast of California all the way from San Diego in the south to north of San Francisco. In today’s world, those 21 missions are tanta-mount to social media. They represented a network of community and connectedness that brought order to a wilderness and established common links between myriad towns and vil-lages. Those missions were so important to the framework of community, commerce and government that eventually coalesced into a state, that every school child in California must construct a mission diorama in the 4th grade as part of his/her history lesson. The majority of those missions still stand today and are still vibrant centers of faith and community. They also serve as strong tourist attractions and bring to life the story of California’s early set-tlers to millions of visitors every year. So piv-otal was Father Serra to the rise and pros-perity of California that the state elected to have his statue exhibited here in Statuary Hall of the U.S. Capitol. 
Father Serra’s presence is especially felt 
strongly in Carmel, California where he estab-lished his headquarters and actively adminis-tered the expansion of the Catholic faith in California. From here he also helped manage relations between local peoples and Spanish government officials in Mexico as well as with the local military officers who commanded the nearby presidio in Monterey. Father Serra is buried at the mission in Carmel and neighbors of the mission, city residents and all who visit the mission venerate his beneficence to the people and the state. 
During Pope Francis’ visit to Washington 
this week my California colleagues and I were happy to welcome a good number of Califor-nians to the city to celebrate the Pope’s visit and Father Serra’s canonization. In particular I was proud to have nearly 100 constituents from the Carmel area come to town to honor our ‘‘home-town saint.’’ Among the distin-guished visitors was Bishop Richard Garcia, Bishop of the Diocese of Monterey and his predecessor, Bishop Sylvester Ryan. I was pleased that they could be with us as for this momentous occasion. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe the House was 
moved this week by the Pope’s visit and his actions regarding Father Serra. I am sure the House joins me in thanking the Pope for his leadership, his holy presence and his blessing of Father Junipero Serra. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF LARSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Jeff ‘‘Huck’’ Larson for his recognition as Citizen of the Year in Casey, Iowa. 
Jeff was awarded Citizen of the Year at the 
Casey Fun Day celebration on July 11, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.002 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1342 September 24, 2015 
He was recognized for his leadership at the 
Casey Fire Department, where he’s served for 25 years—10 years as fire chief and 13 years as assistant chief. Jeff also led efforts to es-tablish a food pantry in the area and helped organize the Adair-Casey Food Pantry, where he volunteers each month. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that my colleagues in 
the United States Congress join me in recog-nizing Jeff for his service to Casey and con-gratulating him for receiving this award. It is an honor to represent him in the United States House of Representatives, and I wish him nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SAMUEL IRVING NEWHOUSE SCHOOL OF PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS AT SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 50th anniversary of the Samuel Irving Newhouse School of Public Commu-
nications at Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York. The creation of the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications began in 1964 with the support of Samuel Irving Newhouse, who had a vision to build a com-munications school where ‘‘the best and the brightest’’ would come to study. 
The S.I. Newhouse School of Public Com-
munications is widely regarded as one of the nation’s leading school of communications. The Newhouse School has gained this reputa-tion over the past fifty years due to its wide embrace of virtually every known form of infor-mation dissemination—including print and broadcast journalism, social media and online communication, advertising and public rela-tions, as well as photography and film. 
The roots of the S.I. Newhouse School of 
Public Communications are founded in Syra-cuse University’s former School of Journalism. In 1934 the School of Journalism was founded at Syracuse University and has developed into a nationally renowned educational institution. In 1964 the first of three buildings, ‘‘Newhouse 1,’’ was opened and dedicated by President Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1971 the School of Journalism merged with the Department of Television and Radio and was re-named the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communica-tions. 
I am proud to recognize the S.I. Newhouse 
School of Public Communications at Syracuse University and congratulate the School on the achievement of its 50th anniversary. I am con-fident that the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University will continue to grow and educate talented, rising professionals in public communications and it is my honor to congratulate the Newhouse School on behalf of the entire Central New York Community. HONORING THE LIFE OF ROSEANN 
M. SCHAEFFER 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Roseann M. Schaeffer, daughter of Rosario and Rita Levero Frandanisa who passed away peacefully on July 28, 2015, in her home. Roseann was a 1958 graduate of Niles McKinley High School and a 1962 graduate of Youngstown College, with a Bachelor’s Degree in Education. She was employed for over 40 years as a teacher at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School in Niles, retiring in 2005. Roseann was a steadfast fixture in the Mt. Carmel community as a member of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish, taking on such roles as church lector, member of the Liturgy committee, Parish Anni-versary committee, festival volunteer, Pep Club and Year Book advisor, and Monday Ro-sary group. She was also one of the original founders of S.I.G.N. (Service in God’s Name), a preparatory program for confirmation stu-dents. 
She will be deeply missed by two brothers, 
Anthony Frandanisa and his wife, Theresa, of Niles and Angelo Frandanisa and his wife, Rosemarie, of Kirkland, Wash.; her nieces and nephews, Ann Genovese and her husband, Robert, Tony Frandanisa, Rita Kanareff and her husband, Kevin, Joseph Frandanisa and his wife, Karen, Renee Charawell, Jimmy Frandanisa and his wife, Carrie, and Bobby Frandanisa and his wife, Kelley; and many great-nieces and great-nephews. She was preceded in death by her parents. 
The residents of Northeast Ohio are known 
to be compassionate, community oriented indi-viduals. Whether it was engaging in her Mt. Carmel Parish community, or cooking and playing cards as she so loved, Roseann was certainly no exception. 
f 
HONORING LIESL SCHMIDT 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Liesl Schmidt a com-munity leader, and one of my district’s 2015 Women of the Year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Liesl Schmidt was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the Year. 
Whereas, Liesl is a Northern California na-
tive and is the Regional President for US Bank’s Northern California Community Bank. She is the wife of a rice farmer, mother of a son who serves in the US Coast Guard and a daughter who attends CSU-Sacramento. 
Whereas, Liesl is an active Board member 
and Treasurer for the Yuba Sutter Chamber of Commerce, a Past President of the Yuba City- Marysville Soroptimists, and a Rotarian. She is active in many local organizations including the American Red Cross, Cornerstone Church, and the Yuba Sutter United Way. 
Whereas, a founding member of Girls on 
the Run in Sutter County, Liesl is committed to advocating for women at her place of work 
and throughout the banking industry by ac-tively participating in women’s leadership groups. Liesl’s goal is to ‘pay it forward’ by mentoring, sponsoring, or advocating for women at US Bank and in the community for those who have a desire to be in more senior roles. 
Whereas, Liesl’s priorities are ‘faith, family, 
friends’. She is a born leader who brings life, love, and enthusiasm to everything she does. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Liesl Schmidt. 
f 
PEARLAND SAINTS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Pearland Saints for being se-lected to represent Texas at the annual Spe-cial Olympics North America Softball Cham-pionship. 
The Pearland Saints are a softball team 
through the Special Olympics Texas (SOTX) organization. SOTX uses the power of sports to empower people with intellectual chal-lenges. Through SOTX children and adults can experience the joy of being part of a team and realize their full potential. This all-star team of thirteen players, led by Coach Ray-mond Rocha, will compete against 31 other teams from across the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, and Latin America. We are ex-cited to cheer the team on in Wichita this weekend. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, best of luck to the Pearland Saints at the Special Olympics North America Softball Championship and congratu-lations on being selected to represent our great state. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM 
C. ‘‘BILL’’ LUOMA 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to remember and honor the life of William C. ‘‘Bill’’ Luoma, a native of Warren, Ohio, who passed away on the 17th of August, 2015 at his daughter’s home, surrounded by his loving family. Born in Warren, Ohio on April 11, 1939, to Wilmar and Maxine Luoma Bill lived a full life of service in the United States mili-tary and as a Union leader in the steel indus-try. 
After living in Tucson, Arizona as a child, 
Bill enlisted in the U.S. Air Force at the age of 18 and attended Amarillo AFB Jet Engine School in Amarillo, Texas. Bill also served two years with the United States Marine Corps be-fore starting a 30 year career with Republic Steel Corporation. Bill exemplified the life of a workman’s ally by serving as a Worker’s Com-pensation representative and later in retire-ment as President of the Steelworkers Organi-zation of Active Retirees, Chapter 1–28–5. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.003 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1343 September 24, 2015 
leader in the Union community, he helped or-
ganize rallies in Washington, DC fighting for workers’ rights, Medicare, and Social Security, and in 2004 spoke on senior health issues at the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Bill is remembered by his loving family as a 
passionate story and joke teller with interests in bowling, painting, drawing, antiques, and furniture refinishing. His excellent memory for Geography and History was accompanied by a love and passion for his Finnish background. As a member of the Catholic Church, Bill at-tended the services of Father Gusper at St. Stephens Church in Niles, Ohio. 
Bill was preceded in death by his parents, 
as well as his sister, Judy Dennison, son, Tim-othy Luoma, and grandson, Isaiah Luoma. He is survived by his wife, Janice Macchia Luoma, whom he married on August 12, 1988. He is also survived by daughters, Jill Luoma, Lori Luoma, Elizabeth Luoma, step-daughter, Crystal Zimomra; sons, Raymond Luoma and William Luoma; he was Grandpa to Ryan Maki, Papiou to Zachary Brewer, and Landon Zimomra; Grandpa to Erica Maki, and Kristia Luoma. He is also survived by great-grand-children, Emilee, Paisley, Trenton and Brailin Moore. 
I am deeply saddened by the loss of Bill 
Luoma, such a dedicated and strong servant of the American armed forces, his fellow work-men and women, and his family. He will be re-membered and celebrated as a Warren, Ohio 
community leader and it is my honor to recog-nize his life here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARJORIE ANN 
BROWNE 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
salute the long and distinguished career of Marjorie Ann Browne, a native Washingtonian and servant of Congress in the area of foreign affairs. On October 10, 2015, Ms. Browne will retire after a remarkable 55 years of faithful service to the legislative branch as an inter-national relations specialist in the Foreign Af-fairs, Defense, and Trade Division of the Con-gressional Research Service (CRS). 
Marjorie Browne graduated from the Univer-
sity of Rochester in 1960 with a B.A. in his-tory. After working for a few summers as a typist at the State Department, Marjorie joined the Library of Congress on October 10, 1960, in the office of the deputy director of the Leg-islative Reference Service (LRS), as CRS was known prior to 1970. In 1962, she was pro-moted to a reference assistant and moved to the Foreign Affairs Division of LRS. After working closely with analysts who specialized in international organizations and international law, Marjorie was converted to an analyst in 1971. She became increasingly involved in multiple issues related to the United Nations. Ms. Browne has served as a specialist on the United Nations and international organizations for Congress, producing numerous reports, committee prints, and individualized responses to congressional inquiries for several decades. Over the years, she has mentored scores of colleagues and has always sought to assist others in their work. Highlights of Marjorie Browne’s long career 
include her attendance intermittently from 1973 to 1982 at meetings of the U.N. Con-ference on the Law of the Sea in New York and her attendance in the 1980s at the Na-tional War College in Ft. McNair, D.C. More recently, during a congressional visit to the United Nations, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon recognized her service during his re-marks to the visiting delegation. For a long stretch of her career at CRS, Ms. Browne worked actively in the Congressional Re-search Employees Association (CREA), in-cluding during the time period when CRS staff moved from the Jefferson Building to the then- new Madison Building in 1980, and on CREA’s health and safety committee. In 2010, the Library of Congress honored Marjorie for 50 years of service. 
Marjorie Browne leaves behind multiple leg-
acies: distinguished public service over half a century, an indefatigable commitment to ful-filling the mission of CRS and the work of Congress, and an extraordinary career that has served as a role model for many. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in expressing our deepest gratitude and appreciation to Marjorie Ann Browne on the occasion of her retirement for 55 years of service to Congress and our na-tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA WHEELER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Linda Wheeler of Lenox, Iowa for being selected as Taylor County’s 2015 inductee into the Iowa 4- H Hall of Fame. 
Linda was a member of the Platte Peppy 
Pals 4-H group for 10 years while growing up. Her mother and father were both 4-H leaders in her county. She participated in 4-H camp and focused on home improvement projects like refinishing furniture for fair projects. Linda became a leader herself in 2002, and has since spent numerous hours working with members and her own children on 4-H projects as part of the Washington Winners. 
Mr. Speaker, Linda’s efforts are a true rep-
resentation of the Iowa spirit and I am hon-ored to represent her and Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Linda for her achievements and wish her noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BISHOP URUNDI 
KNOX ON HIS 21ST ANNIVER-SARY AND THE EBENEZER MIN-ISTRIES ON THEIR 46TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Ebenezer Ministries on the occa-
sion of their 46th anniversary and Bishop Knox on his 21st pastoral anniversary. 
Over the past 46 years, Ebenezer Ministries 
has gained a membership of over 1,000 mem-bers. Leading the Ministries today is the Bishop Urundi B. Knox. Pastor Knox became pastor on the third Sunday of September, 1994. Since Pastor Knox has been serving Ebenezer, the church has gained over 200 members. 
In 1999, the congregation agreed to change 
the name from Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church to Ebenezer Ministries. 
After taking on the new name, fresh out-
reach programs were implemented. These programs included the Elderly Ministries, Abused & Battered Women Ministry, Prison Ministry, Street Ministry, and the largest, the Take Back the City Crusade. 
Other programs included the CK Travelers 
for senior citizens, Save Our Sons mentoring program, Daughters of Destiny mentoring pro-gram, a Motorcycle Ministry, a health Ministry, a Marriage Ministry, a Junior Deacon Board, and an outdoor concert series, ‘‘Gospel Under the Sun’’. 
Under Pastor Knox, many leaders of the 
church have been cultivated. Thirty members received their calling in to the ministry, 21 deacons have been ordained, and seven li-censed ministers have joined Ebenezer. Pas-tor Knox was one of the First African Amer-ican Ministers in Flint to value women in a tra-ditionally male dominated field, licensing 23 fe-male ministers. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the leadership of 
Bishop Urundi Knox, the accomplishments of Ebenezer Ministries and the positive effects both have had on the community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE PACIFICA FOG FEST 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the 30th anniversary of a California coastal tradition that now entertains 60,000 people over a weekend in September. The Pacifica Fog Fest is a community celebration filled with sun, fun, food, contests and music. In three decades it has grown from six community groups working booths to 49 community orga-nizations working in food and beverage booths and behind the scenes to produce Fog Fest. Fog Fest perfectly reflects the personality of Pacificans: a sense of humor with a healthy dose of whimsy, the appreciation of the out-doors, the joy of life, and the commitment to give back. 
Locals know that fog in September is almost 
an oxymoron, but you don’t have to go very far to hear the stereotypical ‘‘It’s always foggy in Pacifica!’’ In fact, that is how the festival was christened. In 1986, a city council-ap-pointed citizens committee was charged with creating a plan to increase commercial devel-opment in Pacifica. A subcommittee came up with the idea to attract tourists with a unique festival. Every time subcommittee member Jean Headley wore her ‘‘I Love Pacifica’’ pin in San Francisco, people would snidely say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24SE8.011 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1344 September 24, 2015 
‘‘Why do you love Pacifica? It’s always so 
foggy!’’ It was time to dispel this myth, poke fun at Pacifica’s weather and hold the festival on a weekend that was almost guaranteed to be sunny and hot. 
A new committee consisting of representa-
tives from the city council, the Pacifica Trib-une, the Chamber of Commerce, city staff and volunteers developed the idea further and eventually took its recommendation to the full city council. Not without controversy, the coun-cil voted 3–2 to create the Pacifica Coast Fog Fest on the last full weekend in September. 
The City of Pacifica, with the help of a pro-
fessional festival planner, produced the first Fog Fest. The only fog to be found was fog made by a rented fog machine. Some 30,000 visitors walked Palmetto Avenue, watched the Discover Pacifica parade, shopped at 100 arts and craft booths, listened to live music, sam-pled clam chowder, jambalaya and Fog Dogs, and sipped wine, beer and Fog Cutters. They also participated in a surfcasting contest, a Family Fun Fest, a God and Goddess of the Fog contest, a 7K beach run, a fog photo con-test, an ocean kayak race and the Councours D’Pacifica. 
Thanks to the creativity and hard work of 
the original steering committee the first Fog Fest was a success and a new tradition was born. 
The city continued to produce Fog Fest until 
1993 when it authorized a newly founded non- profit to take over. Pacifica Festivals Inc. (PFI) produced the event for the next seven years and kept many of the existing traditions such as the Discover Pacifica Parade, the Friday night Fandango at the Sanchez Adobe, Family Fun Fest, Classic Car show, the Fog Jog on Sunday morning and the beautiful Pacifica Historical Society photo display. KRQR Radio began broadcasting from the event bringing it to the entire Bay Area. In 1992, the Human Fog Horn contest had its debut. And of course the food and arts and craft booths continued to offer local delicacies and treasures. 
In 2000, the Fog Fest Organizing Group 
(FFOG), a group of community minded resi-dents, took on the leadership of the festival. Through tireless fundraising efforts the board members have spurred remarkable growth of sponsorships of Fog Fest. Today it features over 200 arts and crafts booths, three stages with live music, the Discover Pacifica parade and marching band competition on Saturday morning, the Family Fun Fest, the Great Sand Sculpture, Surf Art Experience, Fog Jog and Stride and many contests and games for every age. 
In addition to offering family entertainment, 
Fog Fest has a conscience and is socially re-sponsible. FFOG instituted a ‘‘Go Green Cam-paign’’ and in partnership with Recology of the Coast recycles anything that’s recyclable. It created a ‘‘Gift to Pacifica Fund’’ in 2001 and has given a special gift to the community every year since then. For example, it pur-chased the original painting featured on the 2004 Fog Fest poster and today it hangs in the Community Center. It donated a bench that sits in the Rotary plaza at the Center for the Performing Arts. For the last 30 years, al-most $900,000 in proceeds from Fog Fest were given back to the community. 
While Pacifica’s signature event keeps 
growing and evolving with the times, some things haven’t changed: Fog Fest is a celebra-tion of sun, sand, surf and the mythical mist. Fog Cutters will always be the cocktail of 
choice. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to honor the 30th anni-versary of the Pacifica Coast Fog Fest that lasts only one sunny weekend in September, but benefits the community all year around. 
f 
HONORING MARGARET 
FERNANDEZ 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Margaret Fernandez a Community Leader for Hispanic Advance-ment, Business Development, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Margaret Fernandez was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Margaret was born into a large 
family and raised in the Midwest. She came to Yuba-Sutter in 1985 where she studied busi-ness administration at Yuba Community Col-lege. A former Marketing Manager, Margaret currently works as Branch Operations man-ager for The Plus Group in Yuba City, a job placement agency. There are many moving pieces within the Marketing and Managing of the Human Resources industry today and it is a challenging job that Margaret has enjoyed for the past 10 years. 
Whereas, Margaret is the President of the 
Alliance for Hispanic Advancement. As one of its founding members, Margaret has organized a project, ‘Saber es Poder’ (Knowledge is Power) to bring together residents with local, state, federal agencies to share and align need with services. She also serves on the Boards of the Yuba Sutter Economic Develop-ment Corporation and North Central Counties Consortium. 
Whereas, what makes Margaret so special 
is that her passionate commitment is perfectly tempered by a kind heart and gentle and re-spectful demeanor combined with practical, progressive action. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Margaret Fernandez. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 3, 2015, I travelled to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to attend the fu-neral of John P. ‘‘Jack’’ Peiffer. For this rea-son, I missed rollcall vote numbers 274 through 287 the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF 
U.S. CAPITOL POLICE DETECTIVE WILLIAM J. ZIMMERMAN 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate 
the career of U.S. Capitol Police Detective William J. Zimmerman, who is retiring in Octo-ber after thirty-two years with the force. 
Since 1987, Det. Zimmerman has served 
with the Threat Assessment Section, the divi-sion responsible for investigating threats made against Members of Congress, their families, or others who receive special protection under the law. Det. Zimmerman currently serves as the Senior Investigator, playing a lead role in identifying threats and keeping Members of Congress safe as they serve this nation. 
When an individual or group contacts a 
Member’s office in a suspicious way, it is up to Threat Assessment Section investigators like Det. Zimmerman to assess whether a danger is present. As a longtime veteran of the process, Det. Zimmerman has helped es-tablish threat assessment and management programs for other law enforcement services across the United States and in the United Kingdom as well. He has conducted training for House and Senate staff on security aware-ness and spoken at conferences around the country to share best practices. 
Det. Zimmerman served as the first Presi-
dent of the Washington D.C. chapter of the Association of Threat Assessment Profes-sionals and holds that position today. In 2004, he became the inaugural recipient of the As-sociation’s distinguished Meritorious Service Award for his work and leadership in the field. 
The U.S. Capitol Police play an extraor-
dinarily important and often-overlooked role in the functioning of our nation’s democracy. Without the safe and secure space they pro-vide, lawmakers would be unable to conduct the American people’s work and carry out our functions under the Constitution. All of us who serve in Congress hold the U.S. Capitol Police and its personnel in high esteem, and we are grateful for those who put on its uniform every day. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in thank-
ing Det. William J. Zimmerman for his more- than three decades of service to the U.S. Cap-itol Police, to the Congress of the United States, and to our nation. I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING MARIE SPOONER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Marie Spooner for a lifetime of community giving, and as one of my district’s 2015 Women of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Marie Spooner was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Marie Spooner is a homemaker 
from Williams. Having lived through the Great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.009 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1345 September 24, 2015 
Depression and World War II, Marie was 
taught how to take care of and make do with what you have and to share with others, whether it be feast or famine. Marie has ap-plied that life lesson throughout her entire life. 
Whereas, whenever Marie has come across 
anyone in trouble, she has not turned her back but done what she could. She has fed countless children over the years and offered safe shelter to those who needed it. She has humbly and quietly opened her home and heart to strangers. 
Whereas, as a skilled baker, Marie’s locally 
renowned home baked pies have generated thousands of dollars for local charity in Glenn and Colusa counties. Marie’s most famous pie sold at auction for $4,000. The Buyer then sold the slices and collected an additional $1,000 for a grand total of $5,000 that a local family desperately needed for medical bills. When Marie discovered that the Buyer did not keep a piece of pie for himself, she baked him another. 
Whereas, Marie, at 94 years old, is truly an 
amazing woman and has yet to decline a bak-ing request for a worthy cause. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Marie Spooner. 
f 
PYXERA GLOBAL’S 25TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating PYXERA Global, headquar-tered in Washington, D.C., on its 25th anniver-sary, and for its work to improve lives and build capacity of individuals and institutions around the world. 
On January 1, 1990, President George H.W. 
Bush announced the formation of the Citizens Democracy Corps (CDC), created by execu-tive order after the fall of the Berlin Wall. A New Vision for Global Engagement was launched. Americans wanted to help in East-ern Europe and the former Soviet Union to strengthen the foundations of free society. CDC sent American business professionals who volunteered their expertise to support the transition to a market economy and promote international understanding. The Corporate Assistance Program established an innovative approach wherein United States corporations provided free technical and business assist-ance to enterprises and institutions. These programs had a lasting and positive impact in Eastern Europe and the countries of the former Soviet Union. In 1991, the Citizens Vol-unteer Program was launched. This program sent advisors to work with local municipal gov-ernments, nonprofits, and institutions of higher education. In 1995, CDC launched its first Local Content Development program in Rus-sia, in which small and medium enterprises gained the capabilities to supply the rapidly expanding oil and gas industry, creating new jobs and mutually profitable, sustainable enter-prises. The Enterprise and Economic Develop-ment Program was created, operating out of key cities to support local business develop-ment. In 2000, the MBA Enterprise Corps joined 
the organization, and in 2002 the name changed to Citizens Development Corps, and later, CDC Development Solutions (CDS) with the inclusion of MBAs Without Borders. A landmark pro bono program for corporate em-ployees was pioneered by IBM with CDS in 2008 with teams in Romania, Ghana, and Tanzania. The IBM Corporate Service Corps became a new model of global leadership de-velopment and corporate social responsibility. Following the publication of the Harvard Case Study, IBM: The Corporate Service Corps, CDS hosted the First International Corporate Volunteerism Conference, and IBM, USAID, and CDC Development Solutions formed the Center for Excellence in International Cor-porate Volunteerism. Today, more than 30 major companies send employees into under-served communities to build capability and ca-pacity through skills-based volunteerism. 
In 2012, the U.S. Center for Citizen Diplo-
macy (USCCD) became part of CDS, and with their expanded mission, the organization adopted a new name in 2013, PYXERA Glob-al. 
Today, PYXERA Global takes pride in the 
solutions that have inspired, enriched, and en-dured for a quarter century in more than 90 countries. They continue to facilitate groundbreaking partnerships between the pub-lic, private, and social sectors in dozens of countries, reinventing international develop-ment through purposeful global engagement to address the world’s most pressing challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 25th anni-versary of PYXERA Global and its work en-riching lives and livelihoods inclusively and sustainably. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY AND CHARLOTTE 
NEWBERG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ray and Charlotte Newberg of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. 
Ray and Charlotte’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their children, Kevin and Ken, their grandchildren and great-grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF NAVAL SUPPORT FACILITY INDIAN HEAD 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on September 
26, 2015, people throughout Maryland and the Fifth District will celebrate the 125th anniver-sary of the founding of the Naval Support Fa-
cility Indian Head and the unique role it has played in strengthening our national security and growing the local community. 
The facility traces its beginnings to Assistant 
Naval Constructor Robert Brooke Dashiell, a graduate of the Naval Academy in Annapolis who was dispatched by the Bureau of Ord-nance to build a testing ground to support America’s growing naval power at the turn of the century. Opened in 1890 as the Naval Proving Ground, NSF Indian Head was the Navy’s first installation in Southern Maryland, beginning a long tradition in the region. Throughout its history, NSF Indian Head has been the site of development and testing for some of the most important weapons in the Navy’s arsenal. Some of the world’s most powerful rockets were created there, along with technologies used in pilots’ ejection seats and life-saving armor. 
Today, NSF Indian Head is home to several 
Navy tenants, including the Indian Head Divi-sion of the Naval Surface Warfare Center; the Marine Corps Chemical, Biological Incident Response Force; the Joint Interoperability Test Center; and the Naval Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division. The work these tenants carry out at NSF Indian Head is crit-ical to helping our seamen and Marines con-duct their missions around the world and to ensuring their safety as they do so. I’ve been proud to visit NSF Indian Head many times over the more than two decades I have rep-resented the installation and meet with those who serve there—as well as to support robust funding in Congress for the Navy to continue doing great work at NSF Indian Head. 
For 125 years, residents of the Town of In-
dian Head and of Charles County have been extraordinary in their support for the men and women stationed at NSF Indian Head. Since the early part of the twentieth century, the town has grown up around the base, and communities across Charles County have ben-efitted from the economic activity that NSF In-dian Head generates by employing some of our nation’s top energetic scientists and engi-neers. NSF Indian Head continues to be im-portant not only to our national security but as one of the largest employers in Charles Coun-ty and Southern Maryland. 
I join in congratulating the men and women 
of NSF Indian Head on the facility’s 125th an-niversary and look forward to continuing to work with the Indian Head community to make sure the base has every resource it needs to carry out its work, which is so critical to our national defense. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GARY LAMAR 
‘‘SPARKY’’ REEVES 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a distinguished educator and the bulwark of South Georgia Technical Col-lege, President Gary Lamar ‘‘Sparky’’ Reeves. A retirement celebration in honor of President Reeves was held on Wednesday, September 23, 2015 at 6:00 p.m. at the John M. Pope In-dustrial Technology Center on the campus in Americus, Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.013 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1346 September 24, 2015 
A native of Thomaston, Georgia, Mr. 
Reeves worked in the sales industry prior to his career at South Georgia Technical Col-lege. He arrived at the College in 1973 and worked in multiple capacities as an instructor, supervisor, and Vice President of Economic Development. While serving as an instructor, he taught accounting, business, and business psychology. 
His loyalty and performance spoke volumes, 
resulting in Mr. Reeves’ ultimately being ap-pointed to serve as President of South Geor-gia Technical College in 2004. Under his lead-ership, the college has expanded to offer more than 150 associate degrees and increased en-rollment exponentially, reaching the high mark of 4,000 students by 2011. 
His ambitions extended beyond improving 
the academic credentials of the school. Ac-cordingly, President Reeves strove to improve the facilities on campus as well, renovating the tennis courts, gymnasium, and the Diesel Technology and Automotive Transportation buildings. He also oversaw the planting of more than 500 stately live oak trees in order 
to beautify the campus. 
Combining his educational background with 
his acute business savvy, President Reeves has cultivated business partnerships with in-dustrial titans, including Georgia Power, John Deere, and Kauffman Tire. All this was done with an eye toward providing students with prime opportunities to delve into the corporate world. He has also played a vital role in ar-ranging scholarships for students by partnering with other colleges such as Georgia Southwestern State University in Americus, Georgia to form a scholarship foundation. 
President Reeves has been recognized and 
commended time and time again for his serv-ice to his community. He was named as ‘‘Boy Scout Distinguished Leader of the Year’’ and ‘‘Americus and Sumter County Volunteer of the Year,’’ among many other accolades. In addition, President Reeves will be the first sit-ting technical college president to be granted the distinction of ‘‘President Emeritus.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in recognizing an esteemed educator and principled leader, President Gary Lamar ‘‘Sparky’’ Reeves. While many will lament President Reeves’ retirement, it should be noted, however, that his long service to the College merits a much-deserved rest. Thanks to his tireless leadership, and high expecta-tions for his beloved College, President Sparky Reeves will leave an unparalleled leg-acy at South Georgia Technical College from which countless generations will benefit. May God continue to bless Sparky Reeves and his family as he transitions to the next chapter of his remarkable life. 
f 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL 
VOTER REGISTRATION DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate National Voter Registration Day, which, since 2012, has been observed annually on September 22 and is intended to increase awareness of voter registration op-portunities, promote civic engagement, and celebrate democracy. National Voter Registration Day, which start-
ed in 2012 was designed to create an annual moment when the entire nation focuses on registering Americans to exercise their most basic right—the right to vote. 
In his address to the nation before signing 
the Voting Rights Act of 1965, President Lyn-don Baines Johnson said: 
Presidents and Congresses, laws and law-
suits can open the doors to the polling places and open the doors to the wondrous rewards which await the wise use of the ballot. 
But only the individual . . ., and others 
who have been denied the right to vote, can really walk through those doors, and can use that right, and can transform the vote into an instrument of justice and fulfillment. 
In other words, political empowerment— 
and the justice, opportunity, inclusion, and ful-fillment it provides—comes not from the right to vote but in the exercise of that right. 
And that means it is the civic obligation of 
every citizen to vote in every election, state and local as well as federal. 
But before one can exercise the right to 
vote, he or she must first register. 
Mr. Speaker, everyday approximately 
12,000 Americans turn 18 and by 2016, more than 8 million young people will be eligible to vote. 
This cohort, better known as the Millennial 
Generation, comprises approximately one-third of the voting age population. 
The 93 million member Millennial Genera-
tion is the largest in the history of the United States, surpassing the post-World War II Baby Boomers. 
The Millennial Generation also is the most 
diverse because nearly half of all Millennials (43%) come from communities of color. 
Mr. Speaker, next year, in 2016, and for the 
first time ever, persons of color and young people have the potential of comprising more than half of the electorate, which means that we could have the most diverse national elec-torate in history. 
Young people are the future of the nation so 
it is only right that they become more active and engaged in the process of electing the leaders who will make the decisions that shape the nation’s future. 
And that means taking the first step of reg-
istering to vote. 
And that is why we observe National Voter 
Registration Day; to increase awareness among all Americans, but especially young people, of the importance and mechanics of registering to vote. 
In every Presidential election since the 
1964, the voter turnout rate for persons aged 18–29 has lagged behind all other age groups. 
For example, in 2012 almost half (42%) of 
such persons were not registered to vote and 2014, a whopping 51% were unregistered. 
And only 23% of eligible voters 18–29 actu-
ally voted in 2014. 
Although these registration and turnout rates 
are low, we should not assume that the millen-nial generation is apathetic or disinterested in the public affairs of the nation. 
It is significant that in 2014, 87 percent of 
Millennials made a local, national, or global difference by donating money or volunteering time with a charitable or social change organi-zation. 
But Millennials are facing challenges un-
known to the Baby Boomers; they are the first generation in modern history to face higher levels of unemployment and lower levels of wealth and personal income at the same 
stage of their lives. 
Yet, this generation has also observed that 
positive change can result from sound public policy and that it makes a difference which of-ficials are elected to make those policy deci-sions. 
For example, economic policy decisions 
made during the past six years has led to a reduction in unemployment rates from a high of 9.8% in 2009 to a low of 5.1%, and the cre-ation of more than 8.3 million private sector jobs. 
Additionally, during the last six years we 
have witnessed policies and actions promoting and enhancing equality, diversity, tolerance, and inclusion advocated, championed, and im-plemented by persons elected by voters. 
But it must be remembered that progress 
and positive change happens by choice, not by chance. 
In a democratic form of government, partici-
pation is rewarded in the form of responsive-ness from elected representatives; conversely, the interests of non-participators sadly are all too often neglected or ignored. 
And it is important that we observe National 
Voter Registration Day so that everyone is educated and empowered with the tools to make their preferences known, their interests considered, and their voices count. 
As President Johnson said: 
The vote is the most powerful instrument 
ever devised by man for breaking down injus-tice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. 
In 2008, 6 million Americans did not exer-
cise that power because they missed a reg-istration deadline or did not know how to reg-ister to vote. 
Mr. Speaker, our nation works best when all 
voices and all interests are fairly considered and that can only happen if all, or nearly all, eligible persons register and vote in elections. 
The purpose of National Voter Registration 
Day is help make that happen and that is why I urge my colleagues to join in commemo-rating National Voter Registration Day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORMA THURMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Norma Thurman of Stuart, Iowa, on her retirement from the Stuart Herald on September 30, 2015, after more than 35 years at the local paper. 
Norma has dedicated her life to keeping 
people informed on the important issues of the day in her town, in the state, and in our coun-try. She has also worked tirelessly to promote her community through events like the Good Egg Days annual celebration. It is Iowans like Norma that make me proud to represent this great state filled with such hard working Iowans. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and 
congratulate Norma on this momentous occa-sion. I am proud to represent her, her family, and Iowans like her in the United States Con-gress. I know that my colleagues in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.017 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1347 September 24, 2015 
States House of Representatives will join me 
in congratulating Norma on this special day and wishing her nothing but continued suc-cess and happiness as she begins her retire-ment. 
f 
HONORING MARY JANE GRIEGO 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Mary Jane Griego a county supervisor for Olivehurst, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Mary Jane Griego was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Mary Jane Griego is a Yuba 
County Supervisor and has served continu-ously since 2000. Following the devastating levee breaches of 1986 and 1997, securing flood and levee protection for her Olivehurst residents has been of paramount importance, and Mary Jane has been a tireless advocate. She created the Three Rivers Levee Improve-ment Authority (TRLIA), which received an Outstanding Engineering award for Flood Con-trol in 2009 from the American Society of Civil Engineers. Mary Jane has also served on the Sacramento Area Council of Governments (SACOG), First 5 Yuba Commission, Feather River Air Quality Management, Yuba County Local Agency Formation Commission, Yuba Sutter Transit Authority, and Yuba County Water Agency. 
Whereas, Mary Jane is the owner of Duke’s 
Diner, a popular eatery seated in the heart of Olivehurst known for its infamous chili and homemade biscuits. It is a family business started by Mary Jane’s father Duke many years ago. Together, they worked side-by-side until his recent passing. 
Whereas, the daughter of cotton farmers, 
Mary Jane’s philosophy is that there is nothing that cannot be accomplished as long as you work hard and produce results. Mary Jane is no stranger to either. Her day begins at 4am with the opening of the restaurant and food preparation and managerial duties. She then powers through the remainder of her day and on into the evening as County Supervisor. Mary Jane’s hard work and results are evi-dence of her deep commitment to community and family. To quote her late father Duke, ‘‘The proof is in the pudding.’’ 
Resolved, that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Mary Jane Griego. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS W. LUCE 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Thomas W. Luce, who has been instrumental in edu-cation reform in Texas. Southern Methodist University will soon announce a $1.75 million gift from Sarah Fullinwider Perot and Ross 
Perot, Jr. to inaugurate the Thomas W. Luce III Centennial Dedman Law Scholars Program. Mr. Luce, who earned undergraduate and law degrees from SMU, will team up with the dean of the Dedman School of Law to select one to two Luce Scholars annually. 
Mr. Luce’s role as the chief of staff for the 
Texas Select Committee of Public Education in 1984 set him up for a career dedicated to closing the achievement gap in education. As the founder and CEO of the National Math and Science Initiative, Mr. Luce shares my passion of STEM education. I have worked with Mr. Luce over the years on STEM projects and his leadership and resolve have 
moved STEM education issues to the forefront of our education policy discussions. 
Aside from his presence in the education 
policy conversation, Mr. Luce is also the founding CEO of the Meadows Mental Health Policy Institute, a charity that works to improve mental health services in Texas. As a non- practicing registered psychiatric nurse, I know firsthand that our mental health system is in crisis. I know that with the presence of Mr. Luce, many mental health patients will benefit and gain access to the treatment they de-serve. 
The state of Texas and our nation need 
more individuals like Mr. Luce who are pas-sionate about issues and work to improve the education system. I personally admire Mr. Luce for his efforts and look forward to work-ing with him in the future. 
f 
HONORING PETER VAN KLEEF 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the life of Mr. Peter Van Kleef. Known by many in the Bay Area as the owner of Cafe ´ 
Van Kleef, located on Telegraph Avenue in Oakland’s Uptown neighborhood, Peter has left an undeniable mark on the city of Oakland as a trailblazer in the resurgence of Oakland’s downtown area. With his passing on Sep-tember 8, 2015, we honor his life’s work and lasting legacy. 
The Van Kleef family immigrated to Oakland 
in 1956 from Rotterdam, Holland. A world trav-eler, Peter spent many years in countries such as France, Morocco, and Thailand. He also spent a few years teaching English in Japan. When he returned to California after his time overseas, Peter opened up the Rio Theatre in Rodeo, CA. He returned to Oakland in the early 2000’s to open Cafe ´Van Kleef. This 
successful venture led many to call Peter a pioneer as he opened his cafe ´in Oakland’s 
Uptown neighborhood despite many who doubted about the area’s potential. Cafe ´Van 
Kleef has since become a captivating social hub in the downtown Oakland community. 
Peter was known by his patrons and friends 
as a man with a story to tell, as much of the artwork he displayed at his establishment came partnered with a riveting account of its journey to Cafe ´Van Kleef. His innovative and 
welcoming spirit led him to make rooted friendships in Oakland and the greater San Francisco Bay Area. 
Peter was an adventurous spirit and pioneer 
businessman, but above all, he was a loving husband, brother and uncle. He is survived by 
his wife Cindy Reeves, his siblings Ron, Gerda, Marja, and Florence, and five nieces and nephews. 
Peter will forever be remembered as an Up-
town Oakland trailblazer, an art enthusiast, a world traveler and a man with many beautiful experiences to share. 
Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-
trict salutes the life of an outstanding indi-vidual and pioneer, Peter Van Kleef. His con-tributions have truly impacted the Oakland business community as well as the lives of his family, friends, and patrons. I join all of Mr. Van Kleef’s loved ones in celebrating his in-credible accomplishments and offer my most sincere condolences. 
f 
CELEBRATING TOLEDO’S MARTIN 
LUTHER KING, JR. PLAZA TRAIN TERMINAL 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 65th anniversary of Toledo’s unique train station. Toledo’s Union Terminal, now known as the Martin Luther King, Jr. Plaza, celebrated its 65th year serving Amer-ica’s rail system on September 22, 2015. 
Toledo’s station is the busiest rail station in 
Ohio. It opened with fanfare just south of downtown Toledo in 1950. Envisioned as the presentation of the city to the world, Toledo’s train terminal was a modern design creatively utilizing the glass which put Toledo on the world stage. 
As the 20th Century dawned, Toledoans 
clamored for a modern station with a look to-ward the future, even cheering when the city’s train depot caught fire in 1930. However, it would be decades before the 1886 Victorian structure would be replaced. Following WWII railroads again turned toward infrastructure im-provements, including the Toledo station. 
As Amtrak describes in its Great American 
Stations, ‘‘Upon its opening in September 1950, Toledo Union Station was hailed in the New York Times as the ‘‘$5,000,000 Dream of 40 Years,’’ and a week of events was planned to celebrate the new building. Admiral Chester Nimitz, commander-in-chief of the combined American forces in the Pacific during World War II, was invited as the principal speaker. Events included a ‘‘Youngster’s Day,’’ a city- wide tea party, and ‘‘Glass Day’’ during which the city’s glass manufacturers unveiled a Vitrolite (an opaque, pigmented glass then manufactured by the local Libby Owens Ford Company) mural in the building. The highlight of the festivities was the opening day parade where a model of the old Union Depot was set on fire. 
‘‘The station which rose along Emerald Ave 
from 1947 to 1950 was unabashedly modern, incorporating restrained Art Deco lines and large expanses of glass block in reference to the city’s main industry. Commentators ex-pounded upon the variety of glass used in the building, including plate glass, glass block, double-glazed and tempered glass. Soon enough, the press referred to the station as the ‘Palace of Glass.’ ’’ 
In 1995 the Toledo-Lucas County Port Au-
thority purchased Union Terminal from Conrail, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.019 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1348 September 24, 2015 
which has succeeded New York Central. With 
the help of significant federal investment aug-mented by a partnership from state and pri-vate sources, the station underwent a major renovation and was renamed Central Union Plaza. Amtrak’s history notes that ‘‘The Port Authority worked with the State Historic Pres-ervation Office and the Northwest Ohio His-toric Preservation Council in order to maintain the building’s essential historic design features remained intact.’’ Because ‘‘City funding stipu-lated that one percent of project monies had to be used on public art, the Port Authority worked with the Arts Commission of Greater Toledo to add contemporary sculptures to the grounds to enhance its function as a vital piece of the public realm.’’ 
In 2001, the station was renamed in honor 
of eminent civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. It now serves as a modern train sta-tion through which more than 63,000 travelers pass each year. It will soon add bus service as it grows into a greater multimodal transpor-tation hub linking rail and bus, as well as prox-imity to waterborne vessels. 
Historically, the Toledo passenger rail center 
has anchored northwest Ohio along the well- established east-west Chicago-Cleveland freight and passenger rail route so vital to the economy of the region and northern Ohio. Meeting the needs of the future for this region will require the recognition that modernization of this rail corridor is essential to future com-merce including separation of freight and pas-senger service to make both more efficient. 
I am honored this week to join with the com-
munity of Toledo, Ohio in celebrating the anni-versary of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Plaza, a jewel in our city born of an era when trains were a modern marvel of transportation and traveling toward a future which meets the needs of travels in the 21st Century and be-yond. 
f 
HONORING NORMA MONTNA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Norma Montna a life-time advocate for persons with disabilities, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Norma Montna was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Norma Montna married her high 
school sweetheart Larry and in 1961, gave birth to their only child, Butchie. Butchie was born with Down’s Syndrome and is the inspira-tion behind Norma’s lifelong mission to help others with disabilities. Her work includes of-fering peer support to families of children with special needs and active board membership with many of the agencies that provide edu-cational and support services such as Easter Seals, Special Olympics, Yuba Sutter Mercy Guild, Kiwanis Family House, Gateway Project, Sutter County Board of Education, CA State Area Board for Developmentally Dis-abled, and Yuba Sutter Association for the Re-tarded. 
Whereas, in 1979, a community pool offer-
ing therapeutic warm water therapy for those with disabilities at no cost was established in 
memory of Butchie Montna. Butchie’s Pool is unique and the only pool of its kind in the Yuba-Sutter area. The pool today serves a large number of area Seniors suffering from age-related disabling conditions at minimal cost and provides relief to over 1,500 individ-uals annually. 
Whereas, Norma, who still serves on the 
pool’s Board of Directors, has poured her heart and soul into keeping this haven of love, fun, and physical support open and alive for 40 years. 
Whereas, ‘‘The pool was an idea we 
thought of after we lost Butchie, because he loved the water. He’d have been here every day,’’ explains Norma, who fondly refers to former friends of Butchie’s who still attend the pool as her ‘kids’. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Norma Montna. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. RON SHANE 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Ron Shane, a career technical teacher at Central Union High School in El Centro, CA, for his commitment to the edu-cation and training of his students. I would like to congratulate him on receiving the ASE In-dustry Alliance Instructor Recognition Award for his long trajectory of commitment and ex-cellence. 
Since 1991, Mr. Shane has been teaching 
his students to the best of his abilities. Mr. Shane stands out as an exceptional teacher, always striving to push his students. He instills in them an attitude to never be complacent and always work towards improving them-selves. 
Mr. Shane is an inspiration for all educators 
who seek to improve not only themselves but also the instruction that they provide to their students. On behalf of California’s 51st Con-gressional District, I would like to thank Mr. Shane for his determination to give his stu-dents the best education possible. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE OVERHOLTZER 
FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Overholtzer Family of Southwest Iowa, who celebrated their family’s 92nd family reunion on August 2, 2015. 
The Overholtzers will assemble in Tingley, 
Iowa in Ringgold County to celebrate the fam-ily tradition as they have continued to do for the past 92 years. Four Overholtzer brothers settled in the Grand River area of Decatur County, Iowa in the 1870s. David Overholtzer’s daughter, Olivia, is the 6th gen-eration of Overholtzers to live in Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Overholtzer 
Family for 92 years of tradition and commit-ment to their family. What a fantastic preser-vation of family history. I am proud to rep-resent them in the United States Congress and I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating the Overholtzer Family and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
THE LASKER-DEBAKEY AWARD 
COMES HOME TO MD ANDERSON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the nation’s 
highest honor for clinical research, the Lasker- DeBakey Award, was recently awarded to Jim Allison, Ph.D., chair of Immunology at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. 
Dr. Allison has invented a completely new 
way to strike cancer. He has found a way to unlock the shackles of an immune system, freeing T cells to fight tumor cells. This dis-covery opens up brand new and very effective ways to treat cancer. 
A drug developed from this research was 
the first to increase survival of patients with late-stage melanoma and produced previously unheard of survival rates of up to 10 years. 
The drug, marketed as Yervoy, was ap-
proved by the FDA in 2001 and has been used to treat 59,000 people. 
In addition, during his time leading the im-
munology department at MD Anderson, Dr. Al-lison has established a cancer immunotherapy platform. This platform, a combination of ex-pertise and infrastructure, brings together sci-entists and clinicians to better understand and advance cancer immunotherapy. 
This prestigious award honoring major 
achievements in basic science, clinical re-search, and public service around the world is rightly bestowed on Dr. Allison, as he has paved the way to extend the survival of cur-rent cancer patients and ultimately cure some types of cancer. 
Texas is proud to be home to such innova-
tive and groundbreaking work happening at MD Anderson. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DALLAS COALI-
TION FOR HUNGER SOLUTIONS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Dal-las Coalition for Hunger Solutions for hosting their Fourth Annual Dallas Hunger Summit. As the Chair of the Dallas Coalition for Hunger Solutions, I hold a strong passion for helping the families in my district overcome the obsta-cles and challenges they face. I’m very pleased to again be working with the Coalition to organize this important event. The theme of this year’s Summit is Roots, Growth and Har-vest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.023 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1349 September 24, 2015 
First, we explore the roots of hunger and 
renew our commitment to tackling this urgent problem. Hunger and food insecurity are ob-stacles that no family, no child, and no senior should have to confront. More than 477,000 people in Dallas County are food insecure, in-cluding over 172,000 children. In Congress, I have been a steadfast supporter of anti-hun-ger programs. I cannot over-emphasize the importance of preserving nutrition programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), the Emergency Food Assist-ance Program (TEFAP), and the Special Sup-plemental Nutrition Program for Women, In-fants, and Children (WIC). 
Often, I remind my colleagues that 95% of 
SNAP funding goes directly to families to pur-chase food. For many of these at-risk popu-lations, SNAP is the sole form of income as-sistance they receive and is a powerful anec-dote to extreme poverty. Tens of millions of people rely on federal nutrition programs to feed their families and help make ends meet. When we know that nutrition programs not only help struggling families, but also generate economic activity, we must support these as-sistance programs. 
At last year’s Summit, we came together to 
learn, share about our successes and chal-lenge ourselves to do more. This past year we have seen a fantastic growth in partnerships as many of you lent your time, passion and expertise to the work of the Coalition and its five Action Teams. I’m glad to share just a few of the great things that have been accom-plished this year. First, the Child Hunger Ac-tion Team continued to partner with DISD to expand the number of schools that served suppers during afterschool programs—growing participation from 28 in 2013 to over 160 today. Second, the Faith Community Action 
Team organized 15 congregations and min-istries to jointly provide vegetable gardens to 190 families across the County, many of them growing their own food for the very first time. Third, the Senior Hunger Action Team has begun implementing collaborative pilot initia-tives to increase the number of seniors with access to SNAP benefits and to increase par-ticipation in senior congregate meal programs. This is vital as we owe it to our seniors to make sure they have the food they need to be healthy. Fourth, the Urban Agriculture Action Team achieved a great victory in spurring the City of Dallas to amend zoning ordinances to allow sales from urban gardens, which will both increase access to healthy food, and spur jobs and economic development. Lastly, the Neighborhood Organizing Action Team successfully launched a new, resident-led community organization called Empowering Oak Cliff, which is engaging community mem-bers in southern Oak Cliff in leading a holistic campaign for neighborhood revitalization, in-cluding ensuring that the many seniors in the community have access to healthy food. 
Thanks so much to all of you that have 
been part of making these achievements pos-sible. It is amazing what can be accomplished when we work together. Thank you to all of the participants and especially to the Dallas Coalition for Hunger Solutions for your com-mitment to this cause. WELCOMING HIS HOLINESS, POPE 
FRANCIS, TO THE UNITED STATES AND EMBRACING HIS MESSAGE OF HOPE, HEALING, AND RECONCILIATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on behalf 
of the constituents of the Eighteenth Congres-sional District, I rise to express joy and appre-ciation on the occasion of the historic visit to the United States by His Holiness, Pope Francis. 
I am deeply honored to have participated in 
the historic arrival ceremony at the White House welcoming His Holiness, the spiritual leader of 70 million Catholic Americans and 1.2 billion Catholics worldwide. 
I wish to thank President Obama for his gra-
cious welcoming remarks on behalf of the American people which conveyed to Pope Francis and the world what is best about our nation. 
I especially appreciate Pope Francis’s mes-
sage of hope, healing, and reconciliation which inspires us all to do more ‘‘to care for the least of these,’’ to be good stewards of the earth, and to work for peace. 
Mr. Speaker, the messages of President 
Obama and Pope Francis affirm the value and good works performed daily by Catholic orga-nizations and charities in the United States, in-cluding those in my congressional district rep-resented by the many advocates for social jus-tice who accepted by invitation and made the pilgrimage from Houston to Washington, D.C. to bear witness to this historic and joyful occa-sion. 
I am pleased that my office was able to ex-
tend invitations to many organizations and Galveston-Houston Archdiocese churches from my congressional district to come to Washington, D.C. to salute His Holiness. 
Among them are the Immaculate Concep-
tion Catholic Church, St. Francis Assisi Catho-lic Church, St. Monica Catholic Church, Our Mother of Mercy Catholic Church, Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic Church, and a number of Houston’s Wounded Warriors. 
I am also pleased that Deacon Sam Dun-
ning, the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston’s Director of the Office of Justice and Peace, was able to join me in celebrating the pontiff’s visit, as were students and staff from St. Pius X High School, members of the Idbo Catholic Community, and World Harvest Outreach. 
In his moving remarks today, Pope Francis 
reminded us that ‘‘the Creator does not aban-don us’’ and that we ‘‘still have time to make the change needed to bring about a sustain-able and integral development.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, every day in communities 
across America and around the world, Catho-lic organizations and agencies can be found doing the Lord’s work of caring for the poor, the sick, the needy, the aged, the helpless, the lost and hopeless. 
We see the fruits of this work in the sanc-
tuary found by women fleeing from domestic violence, in the reunification of families sepa-rated by natural disasters, in the shelter found by a homeless wounded warrior suffering from PTSD, and the love and support given the child of undocumented immigrants who seek only the chance to make a better life for them-
selves and their family in a land that has al-ways been the most welcoming nation on earth. 
Mr. Speaker, the good works of the Catholic 
Church are on display daily in my congres-sional district where agencies and organiza-tions supported by Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Galveston/Houston take to heart the biblical injunction that we are our brother’s keeper. 
Ten years ago, for example, Hurricane 
Katrina forced thousands of people to flee New Orleans and relocate to Houston. 
Among these persons were an adoption 
specialist for Catholic Charities in New Orle-ans, one of the birthmothers she was working with, and the adoptive family the birthmothers had just chosen for her baby. 
With phone lines down and no communica-
tion between them, the adoption was sure to fall through, but somehow they found each other in Houston and the adoption was put back on track. 
The Lord works in mysterious ways indeed. The day following the flood that struck the 
Houston area this past Memorial Day, staff members of Catholic Charities of the Gal-veston-Houston Archdiocese were out in the field assessing the needs of their senior cit-izen clients, one of whom was 74-year old Minthia Terry. 
Ms. Terry survived the flood but her house 
was severely damaged; thanks to Catholic Charities her damaged house was restored and she is able to live safe and secure in the home she worked so hard to acquire. 
The Lotus Project is a program of Catholic 
Charities of the Archdiocese of Galveston- Houston that helps homeless female veterans rebuild their lives. 
I am thankful for the Lotus Project, and so 
is a woman named Yolanda. 
Yolanda served her country honorably in the 
Armed Forces but her three-year tour of duty left her with emotional scars that still affect her today. 
She was a victim of verbal abuse by an offi-
cer, which escalated to physical violence, and then to sexual assault. 
After reporting the abuse, violence and as-
sault she had suffered, she underwent psy-chological counseling and was subsequently honorably discharged. 
But the emotional and psychic scars result-
ing from her traumatic experience did not dis-appear after her separation from the military. 
To combat them and cope with the pressure 
of caring for her two young sons, Yolanda turned to drugs and alcohol, and committed offenses that landed her in prison. 
During her third stint in prison, Yolanda re-
newed her relationship with God and dedi-cated herself to a new life, but she needed help to get there. 
When the Lotus Project helped her get an 
apartment under her own name, she cried; then with the help and support of the Lotus Project she went about the business of fur-thering her education so she can support her family and be a positive role model for her children. 
Mr. Speaker, a woman named Esmerelda 
was living in a rapidly deteriorating situation. 
When she became a victim of domestic vio-
lence, she knew she had to leave. 
But because her immigration paperwork was 
not in order, she did not believe it would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.028 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1350 September 24, 2015 
safe to turn to law enforcement authorities for 
help. 
Thankfully, she was able to turn to Catholic 
Charities who helped her secure safe housing, assisted her in applying for an adjustment of her immigration status, and helped her secure employment at a full-time job that support her and her daughter. 
These are but a few of the countless mir-
acles of hope and healing that Catholic organi-zations and agencies work every day and which demonstrate, as the Talmud teaches, that ‘‘whosoever saves a life, it is considered as if he saved an entire world.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that Members of 
Congress will receive the hopeful message of the first pontiff to address a joint session of the Congress of the United States with open hearts and in a spirit of goodwill. 
If we do this, I am confident we will be able 
to come together and find the common ground necessary to address the real problems and concerns of the American people such as fix-ing our broken immigration system, making college affordable, reducing the economic dis-parities, and reforming the criminal justice sys-tem. 
In the hopeful message of Pope Francis, we 
are shown the way to grace. 
Mr. Speaker, all Americans are honored by 
the visit to the United States of Pope Francis, an amazing servant of humanity and an inspi-ration to people the world over. 
f 
HONORING PAULA EMIGH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Paula Emigh a retired teacher, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Paula Emigh was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Paula Emigh was born and raised 
in Solano County, graduating from Dixon High School. As a student, Paula was very involved in school activities and believes that her expe-riences as a student led her to consider a ca-reer in teaching. When Paula was an under-graduate at the University of California, Santa Barbara, she had an internship at a special education center in the area, where she was first exposed to teaching children with special needs. This experience convinced her that her future was in special education. 
Whereas, after graduating, Paula began a 
substitute position in Woodland which eventu-ally led to over 30 years as a special edu-cation teacher. She was an integral team member in the development of the BEST pro-gram at Freeman Elementary School, helping to create a positive school climate for staff, students, and families. Because of the incred-ible work she has done with staff on disability awareness, Paula was named Woodland Joint Unified School District’s 2014 Educator of the Year. 
Whereas, in all ways imaginable, Paula 
credits her career as being a team effort. Throughout her years teaching, Paula worked cooperatively with many paraprofessionals, parents, and families. Together they were able 
to prioritize and strategize plans to allow the students to grow beyond previous expecta-tions. 
Resolved, that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Paula Emigh. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MAYOR REID 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
wish a very happy 90th birthday to Pearland, Texas Mayor Tom Reid. 
Mayor Reid has seen a great deal over the 
last 90 years—during his lifetime he’s seen humans walk on the moon and the invention of the Internet. In his nearly 30 years as mayor of Pearland, Mr. Reid has seen his city boom in both population and economic strength. Mayor Reid is a dedicated mayor who has guided Pearland through some tre-mendous growth. Thank you to Mayor Reid for his steadfast leadership of this great city in Texas 22. We all wish him many more years of health and happiness. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, happy birthday to Mayor Tom Reid. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT M CGINN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Lt. Pat McGinn of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on his recent retirement from the Pottawattamie County Sheriff’s Department, where he completed 31 years of service. 
Lt. McGinn has worked for the Sheriff’s of-
fice since he was 24 years old, and during his tenure he has risen through the ranks within the Sheriff’s department. Lt. McGinn has worked and supervised road patrol, civil and records divisions, technical accident investiga-tions, K–9 patrol, and uniform patrol. He re-tired as a Deputy. 
Mr. Speaker, Lt. McGinn has spent his ca-
reer making a difference in his community by helping and serving others, and it is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service to Pottawattamie County and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. 
CHARLES ALLEN WATERS, JR. 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
alongside my colleagues, Representative COSTA and Representative V ALADAO , to recog-
nize the life and valued service of Dr. Charles ‘‘Charlie’’ Allen Waters, Jr., a distinguished military veteran and community advocate who passed away on September 3, 2015 in Fres-no, California. 
Dr. Waters was born on September 17, 
1932 in Norfolk, Virginia. He was the son of 
Naval Officer Charles Allen Waters, Sr. Char-lie served in the United States Marine Corps (USMC) from 1951 to 1958 and fought in the Korean War from 1951 to 1952. Charlie re-ceived many medals and awards for his hon-orable service in Korea, most recently the Ko-rean Ambassador for Peace Medal. 
For the past few decades, Charlie made an 
immeasurable impact in Fresno and the great-er San Joaquin Valley by serving on numer-ous boards, commissions, and foundations supporting veterans, and the community as a whole. The opening of the Fresno Veterans Home was due in large part to his invaluable and tireless efforts. Dr. Waters served as President of the Central California Veterans Home Support Foundation (CCVHSF), was Past Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps League Detachment 14, and Commander of American Legion Post 4, in addition to his many unofficial contributions to other local or-ganizations. 
A diligent champion of Fresno veterans, Dr. 
Waters once said, ‘‘I have a great affinity for anyone who would go into service and volun-teer their life. So, whatever I can do for my comrades, I do.’’ These words speak to his deep commitment to service and his inex-haustible altruism. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that we 
ask our colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to honor the life of Dr. Charlie Waters. He will always be remembered as a man of great service and dedication. It is our hope that his memory will live on through his family, the veterans groups he guided and supported and we trust that his legacy will live on for years to come. 
f 
HONORING PREET DIDBAL 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Preet Didbal a city councilwoman for Yuba City, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Preet Didbal was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, against all odds, Preet Didbal 
made history when she took the oath of office December 2, 2014 to become the first Sikh American women elected to the Yuba City Council. The daughter of farm laborers, Preet worked alongside her parents in the peach and prune orchards and on the graveyard shift at the local cannery during the summer months. She was the first in her family to at-tend and graduate college, earning her Mas-ter’s degree in Public Administration with a concentration in Health Services. She is a health care services manager with the Cali-fornia Department of Corrections. 
Whereas, Preet’s focus as a councilwoman 
is on education, children and public safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.029 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1351 September 24, 2015 
Before her election to the City Council, Preet 
served as a Planning Commissioner for 10 years. She is an advocate for building a foun-dation for children of academic, economic and social opportunity so that they may thrive. She is particularly passionate about empowering young girls and women to reach their highest potentials. Preet spearheads quarterly Com-munity Health and Safety forums in collabora-tion with local police, fire, schools and mental/ public health agencies to educate the public. 
Whereas, Preet is also actively involved with 
local Runs to support Girls on the Run, Run Drugs out of Town, Hands of Hope Run for the Homeless, and Breast Cancer and Alz-heimer’s Research. She also collects backpacks for Western Farm Workers families every fall and volunteers for Back to School shopping with the Sutter-Yuba Association of Realtors to support low-income families and children. Preet’s personal devotion rests in a desire to give back to the community that has given her so much. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Preet Didbal. 
f 
HONOR THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
OF LANGHORNE MANOR BOROUGH 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, heartiest 
congratulations to my friends and neighbors on the 125th anniversary of Langhorne Manor Borough, which is notable for its role in the history of Bucks County, as well as the mod-ern sense of community maintained one gen-eration after another. A small group of inves-tors, called the Langhorne Improvement Com-pany, purchased 800 acres—attracted by the open, country setting and the nearby Boundbrook Railroad. The newly founded bor-ough was named for the area’s first land-owners, the Langhornes’. Government and community leaders of this thriving, small bor-ough cherish their history and remain dedi-cated to maintaining a quiet community nes-tled in the bustle of Lower Bucks County. The borough is home to the former Langhorne Manor School, a one-room schoolhouse listed, in 2008, on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1959, it was sold and converted to the borough hall, which is the present-day seat of government. Again, congratulations on this historic milestone and best wishes for the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF OUR LADY QUEEN OF THE MOST HOLY ROSARY CA-THEDRAL 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the centennial anniversary of Our Lady Queen of the Most Holy Rosary Cathe-dral in Toledo, Ohio. The parish and Toledo Diocese celebrated this milestone on August 
28, 2015. 
According to diocesan records, the Cathe-
dral Chapel Parish was established on March 7, 1915, with the Most Reverend Bishop Jo-seph Schrembs named as pastor. Previous to that date, from the time the Diocese was es-tablished in April of 1910, St. Francis de Sales Church served as the cathedral. Shortly there-after, land was purchased nearby on Collingwood Avenue and a Chancery, resi-dence and school were built on the property in the ensuing years with completion in early 1915. Originally sponsoring both grade school and high school, the parish school soon grew too big. In 1920, Central Catholic High School was established, with most of its students coming from the Cathedral School. 
After a storm delivered substantial damage 
to the building in 1920, it was determined a new church would be built. The plans were developed in 1922. Its original architect and the man who would complete his design envi-sioned a cathedral such as those built in Eu-rope’s Middle Ages and mirrored aspects of the cathedral in Toledo, Ohio’s sister city of Toledo, Spain. Thus, Toledo’s Catholic Cathe-dral is unique: there is no other cathedral in the Plateresque style quite like Toledo’s. Plateresque is a romantic style developed in 16th Century Spain and Toledo’s cathedral combined the Plateresque style with Roman-esque and Saracan architecture for a structure that stands alone in style and beauty. 
The Cathedral is truly an architectural won-
der and treasure. Soaring above its Spanish style roof are twin towers Peter and Paul. Our Lady is carved out of a single block of lime-stone and is above the doorway. A window above the statue of Our Lady illustrates scenes from her life. The window was made possible by the pennies donated from the chil-dren in the Diocese. Other statuary depicting biblical scenes surround. The sanctuary fea-tures beautiful frescoes, murals and mosaics depicting stories and people from the Bible, the life of the Holy Family and the history of the church. The Cathedral is home to a grand pipe organ which was the culmination of the career of its creator, the famed Ernest Skin-ner. The pipe organ’s sister resides in the Peristyle concert hall at the Toledo Museum of Art, home of the Toledo Symphony. 
The Cathedral’s cornerstone was laid on 
Sunday June 27, 1926. Sufficiently completed to begin services, the building was opened in 1931. Work on the structure continued until completion in 1940. A joyous two day celebra-tion and consecration was finally held on Oc-tober 1 and 2, 1940. 
The Cathedral parish and school grew 
through the 1960s, but as Toledo’s population moved to the suburbs and new parishes were established, the central city Cathedral parish and school saw a decline in families enrolled. Beginning in 1976, the Cathedral was to un-dergo extensive renovations to comply with the changes to the Mass brought by Vatican II. The renovations did not detract from the original design and the church was rededi-cated on September 18, 1979. In 2000, res-toration was completed to remove the dec-ades from the interior of the church and re-store it to its early brilliance. 
The spiritual home of Toledo area Catholics, 
the cathedral serves as the mother church of the Diocese’s parishes. Though its home par-ish is smaller now, Catholics from throughout the city and its suburbs see the Cathedral as 
their own, celebrating Baptisms, First Com-munions, Confirmations, Marriages and Req-uiem Masses. Priests are ordained at the Ca-thedral and special Masses are celebrated through the year. In tradition harkening back to the days they were part of the original par-ish school, the students of Central Catholic High School walk in procession for a yearly Mass. 
Though soaring vaulted ceilings, beautiful 
works of art, statuary, bell towers, giant wood doors and marble floors and ancient pews on which thousands have gathered over the years to celebrate Mass make the Cathedral a grand and glorious house of worship, at the same time it is intimate and peaceful. The faithful can always hear that ‘‘still, small voice’’ even among the grandeur. More important than the structure, though, are the people. We reflect on the early founders, those whose hopes, dreams and labors brought forth our stunning Cathedral, and in the present day we stand in solidarity with them. I was pleased to join in the celebration recognizing 100 years of faith in Our Lady Queen of the Most Holy Ro-sary Cathedral. Through our cherished Cathe-dral, we are one. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEFF FORTENBERRY 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Fri-
day, September 18, 2015, I was attending a family funeral and thus missed roll call votes Numbers 504, 505, and 506. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Number 504 and ‘‘yea’’ on Numbers 505 and 506. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN YOUNG 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Susan Young an Ed-ucator, Agriculture Advocate, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Susan Young was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Susan Young is and has been an 
Agriculture teacher at Sutter Union High School for the past 35 years. She and her husband live in Live Oak and farm in Meridian. 
Whereas, during Susan’s tenure at Sutter 
Union High School, she has served as a Fu-ture Farmers of America Advisor and has been involved in numerous activities pro-moting agriculture in the Yuba/Sutter area and at state, national, and international levels. 
Whereas, Susan is actively involved in the 
American Boer Goat Association, Northern California Meat Goat Association, and the Morgan Horse Association. Her participation on the Yuba-Sutter Livestock Committee and Youth in Ag has helped support and promote our region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.034 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1352 September 24, 2015 
Whereas, Susan has positively impacted 
countless young people throughout her long career as an outstanding teacher, mentor, and role model. She has instilled the values of hard work, dedication, and love of agriculture to all who have surrounded her. Her gift is her ability to reach students from all walks of life and motivate them to do their best. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Susan Young. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on September 
18, 2015 I was unavoidably detained during a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on Roll Call num-ber 504 the Motion to recommit H.R. 3134 with instructions. I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Roll Call number 505 Passage of H.R. 3134 the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, and Roll Call number 506 Passage of H.R. 3504 Pas-sage of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tect Act. 
f 
OUTSTANDING TEACHER OF THE 
YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Leah Bolton for being awarded the Brazoria County Business Hall of Fame’s Outstanding Teacher of the Year Award. 
Leah Bolton, a Career and Technology 
teacher at Manvel High School, earned this recognition thanks to her efforts to further en-gage students in career preparation and tech-nology courses. In her classes, she incor-porates volunteers from the local Junior Achievement organization to help teach her students about working in the business sector and the community. Her students were even selected by Junior Achievement to teach fi-nancial literacy lessons to younger students at local elementary schools. Ms. Bolton gives her students great hands-on experience that pre-pares them to conquer the world. Thank you to Ms. Bolton for her leadership, dedication, and inspiration. Manvel High School is lucky to have you. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Leah Bolton for being named Outstanding Teacher of the Year. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE PATTERSON 
FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Marissa and Roy Patterson of Des Moines, Iowa for 
the birth of their new baby girl, Analisea So-phia. 
In June of 2014 Marissa and Roy married 
and on June 18, 2015 they welcomed a healthy, beautiful baby girl into this world. The road ahead will not be easy, but it will be filled with more joy and happiness than they can possibly imagine. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Marissa and 
Roy for their commitment to each other and for the birth of their new baby daughter. It is an honor to represent families like them in the United States Congress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them for this mo-mentous occasion and wish their family noth-ing but continued health and happiness. 
f 
NATIONAL FUTURE FARMERS OF 
AMERICA BAND 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ricky Lerma on his selection to play with the National Future Farmers of America (FFA) Band. 
Ricky Lerma, a senior at Needville High 
School, is one of only 13 students in Texas to be selected to join the Band. FFA is a national organization that advances and supports agri-cultural education. Next month, Ricky and his fellow band members will travel to Louisville, Kentucky to perform at the 2015 National FFA Convention & Expo. We are all proud of Ricky’s accomplishment and look forward to hearing him perform. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Ricky on this fantastic achievement and best of luck in Louisville. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE UNI-
VERSAL PREKINDERGARTEN AND EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU-CATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce a bill similar to a bill I have introduced in four previous Congresses, the Universal Prekindergarten and Early Childhood Edu-cation Act of 2015 (Universal Pre-K), to begin the process of providing universal prekinder-garten education in public and public charter schools in states that have or plan to phase in or are phasing in prekindergarten education for three- and four-year-old children. The Obama administration and the District of Co-lumbia have made considerable strides since I first introduced this bill, but today’s bill is still needed to fill a hole in the ‘‘No Child Left Be-hind Act,’’ which addresses elementary and secondary education but ignores the pre-kindergarten years, the most critical years for children’s brain development. My bill also seeks a breakthrough in public education by providing the initial funding for states to en-courage local school districts to add prekinder-
garten for children at three or four years of age, as kindergarten programs were for five- year-olds, which are now routinely available in public schools. The bill would eliminate some of the major shortcomings of unevenly avail-able ‘‘day care’’ and, importantly, would take advantage of the safe facilities required in public schools. Unless early education be-comes a necessary part of a child’s education, it almost surely will continue to be unavailable 
to the majority of families with children. 
My bill provides federal funds to states, 
which must be matched by at least 20 percent of state funds, to establish or expand uni-versal, voluntary prekindergarten in public and public charter schools for three- and four-year- olds, regardless of income. The classes, which would be full-day and run throughout the en-tire school year, must be taught by teachers who possess equivalent or similar qualifica-tions to those in other grades in the school. The funds would supplement, not supplant, other federal funds for early childhood edu-cation. The unique money-saving aspect of my bill is that it uses the existing public school in-frastructure and trained teachers to make early childhood education available to all, and save billions of dollars in its implementation. 
The success of Head Start and other pre-
kindergarten programs, combined with new scientific evidence concerning the importance of brain development in early childhood, vir-tually mandate the expansion of early child-hood education to all children today. However, early learning programs have been available only to the affluent, who can afford them, and to low-income families in programs such as Head Start, which would be unaffected by my bill. My bill provides a practical way to gradu-ally move to universal, public preschool edu-cation for the majority of families The goal of the bill is to afford the benefits of early child-hood education to the great majority of the American working poor, lower-middle-class and middle-class families, most of whom have been left out of this essential education for their children. 
We cannot afford to continue to allow the 
most fertile years for childhood development to pass, only to later wonder why Johnny can’t read. The bill responds both to the great needs of parents who seek early childhood education, as well as to today’s brain science, which shows that a child’s brain development begins much earlier than had been previously understood. 
Considering the staggering cost of day care, 
the inaccessibility of early childhood edu-cation, and the opportunity that early edu-cation offers to improve a child’s chances of success, schooling for three- and four-year- olds is overdue. The absence of viable options for working families demands our immediate attention. 
My bill reflects what jurisdictions throughout 
the nation increasingly are trying to accom-plish. The District of Columbia, for example, has achieved an extensive integration of early childhood education as part of a larger effort to improve the D.C. public schools. A recent report highlighted the economic benefits of early childhood education, emphasizing its role in expanding job opportunities and in decreas-ing the amount of money spent on programs to address teen pregnancy, crime, and the like. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support the 
legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.038 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1353 September 24, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN JOSEPH 
OGLE 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-
ognition of a great American from my home state of Illinois, Captain Joseph Ogle. 
Joseph Ogle was born in 1737, raised in 
Frederick County, Maryland and lived near what is now Wheeling, West Virginia by 1770. Later, he was one of the first to take up the standard and volunteer in the fight for our na-tion’s freedom and independence in the Revo-lutionary War. 
Captain Ogle’s military career was long and 
proud. From the earliest days of the Revolu-tion, he served, fighting in the Upper Ohio Val-ley. Most notably, Captain Ogle served as a Commander of Fort Henry, defending that Fort during two brutal attacks—one in 1777 and a second in 1782. 
But the pioneer spirit burned strongly in 
Captain Ogle. After the Revolutionary War, he set out for the West, buoyed by the promise of independence and the opportunity for self- determination. 
Captain Ogle arrived in Illinois in April, 
1785, settling in what is now Monroe County. In 1802, he moved to Ridge Prairie near what is now O’Fallon, in St. Clair County, where he remained until his death in 1821—at 84 years of age. 
From the First Methodist Church in Shiloh, 
which he founded in 1807 and which is still in use today—to the Palmier Cemetery, estab-lished on property donated by Captain Ogle as a cemetery for early pioneers—to Ogle Coun-ty, Illinois, which bears his name, the mark Captain Ogle left on the region cannot be ex-aggerated. 
But perhaps Captain Ogle’s greatest legacy 
is that of his family. A father of nine children, Captain Ogle’s descendants, many of whom still live in St. Clair and Monroe Counties, Illi-nois, number in the thousands and have car-ried on the patriotism and pioneer spirit as their birthright. 
It is for these reasons, and more, that a new 
monument will be dedicated to Captain Ogle in Shiloh, Illinois. The dedication of this new monument is due to the ongoing efforts of his descendants in the Ogle & Ogles Family As-sociation, along with the support of the Belle-ville Illinois Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, and the Louis and the Clark Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution. 
We are all indebted to the service, the spirit, 
and the resilience of pioneers like Captain Ogle and his fellow New Americans. These men and women helped lay the foundation on which America was built. I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in recognition of this great American and Illinoisan. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHIL AND JANIS 
LUSTGRAAF 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Phil and Janis Lustgraaf of Crescent, Iowa, on the very 
special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. Phil and Janis were married on June 3, 1955 in North Bend, Nebraska. 
Phil and Janis’ lifelong commitment to each 
other and their children, Cheryl, Mark, Kris, and the late Phil Lustgraaf, Jr., along with their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best mov-ing forward. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RICHARD COHEN, 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE DISABILITY RIGHTS CENTER 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Cohen as he retires after more than four decades of professional service in the public interest. We are grateful for his dedication to protecting the rights of people with disabilities. By fighting to ensure equal opportunities for all, he improved count-less lives across the Granite State and be-yond. 
I want to thank Dick for his leadership and 
great work as Executive Director of the Dis-ability Rights Center since 2002. He has been an invaluable resource to individuals with dis-abilities and their families in our state. We are forever grateful for his extraordinary work to strengthen disability rights and our community health system. 
On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-
shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Dick for everything he has done in advocating for the most vulnerable in our state. I am hon-ored to recognize and congratulate Dick on his retirement and wish him the best of luck on his next steps. 
f 
HONORING TONI SCULLY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Toni Scully a leader in agriculture, an Advocate for Fair Farm Labor, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Toni Scully was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, a resident of Lake County for over 
40 years, Toni shares in the ownership and management of Scully Packing Company which packs, stores, ships, and markets pears grown by Lake, Sacramento Delta, and Mendocino County families. 
Whereas, Toni is a strong advocate for the 
pear industry and farm labor reform. In 1996 following a revision in the Child Labor Code that would have prevented local teens from 
working during the pear season, Toni was the driving force behind pulling local leaders and the state senate to pass a bill that allowed Lake County teens to continue to work the harvest. This bill continues to be renewed an-nually today. 
Whereas, Toni cares deeply for her farm 
workers and their families as evidenced by her continuous efforts to educate and work with local, state, and federal policy makers. In 2006, Toni made the front page of the New York Times when Lake County and farming communities across California were experi-encing severe labor shortages during harvest. A proponent of a reformed Guest Worker pro-gram to improve the health and safety of mi-grant workers, Toni worked with U.S. Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN in an attempt to pass the 
AgJobs bill. 
Whereas, Toni continues to advocate for a 
fair farm labor law that will provide agricultural employers with the stable, legal labor force they need while providing farm workers with the health and safety they deserve. 
Resolved, that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Toni Scully. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
September 16th through September 18th I was absent due to activities in my District re-lated to wildfires and was unable to cast my vote for Roll Calls 495 through 506. Had I been present I would have voted: 
Roll Call No. 495—YES, H.R. 1214, Na-
tional Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015 
Roll Call No. 496—YES, H.R. 1949, Na-
tional Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015 
Roll Call No. 497—NO, Ordering the Pre-
vious Question 
Roll Call No. 498—NO, Collins of GA Amdt Roll Call No. 499—NO, Rule Roll Call No. 500—YES, On Motion to Re-
commit with Instructions 
Roll Call No. 501—NO, Passage H.R. 758, 
Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act 
Roll Call No. 502—NO, Ordering the Pre-
vious Question 
Roll Call No. 503—NO, Rule 
Roll Call No. 504—YES, Motion to Recom-
mit 
Roll Call No. 505—NO, H.R. 3134, Defund 
Planned Parenthood 
Roll Call No. 506—NO, H.R. 3504, Born 
Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act 
f 
REMEMBERING MRS. EVA MARIE 
SILVER JOHNSON 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and remember Mrs. Eva 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.044 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1354 September 24, 2015 
Marie Silver Johnson, a lifelong resident of 
North Carolina and my constituent, who passed away on September 16, 2015 at the age of 94. 
Mrs. Johnson was the matriarch of the Sil-
ver and Johnson families and is fondly re-membered as a loving mother who was fully devoted to her family, church, and community. 
Mrs. Johnson was born on June 5, 1921, in 
Hollister, North Carolina to Mr. Ben Silver and the former-Minnie Burgess. She attended Tabron School and Hawkins High School in Halifax and Warren Counties. At the age of 24, she married Mr. Edward Leonard Johnson, Jr. and the two raised four children, Mable, Alice, Edward, and Delores. 
Mrs. Johnson worked at Eastman High 
School in Enfield, North Carolina for 20 years as part of the Halifax County school system’s Food Services division. Mrs. Johnson also served on the Twin County Rural Health Asso-ciation’s board of directors and as a 30 year member of the American Legion Unit 425 Women’s Auxiliary in Littleton, North Carolina. 
As the years past, Mrs. Johnson remained 
active by working at the Littleton Senior Cen-ter in Littleton where she dedicated more than a decade of service and fellowship to seniors in Halifax and Warren Counties. 
Faith was a cornerstone of Mrs. Johnson’s 
life. She was a lifetime member of Lee’s Chapel Baptist Church in Littleton where she served in many capacities including as Presi-dent of the Missionary Circle for over 30 years, member of the Senior Choir, as well as a member of the Pastor’s Aid Club. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in 
honoring the life, work, and memory of Mrs. Eva Marie Silver Johnson. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUTH HUNOLT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Ruth Hunolt of Griswold, Iowa. Ruth recently received a 2015 Gov-ernor’s Volunteer Award. She was honored with an Individual Volunteer Award by the Of-fice of the State Long-term Care Ombudsman for outstanding commitment and service. 
Individuals selected for this honor have 
gone above and beyond to serve their com-munity. Ruth sets a high standard for volun-teers from all walks of life. She is a shining example of hard work and dedication. Ruth has demonstrated exceptional volunteerism and exemplary leadership, creativity and co-operation. With her service she has left a last-ing impression on the State of Iowa and in her community. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
Ruth for her many years of dedicated and de-voted volunteer service to the Office of the State Long-term Care Ombudsman program. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ruth and wish her and her family nothing but the best moving for-ward. RECOGNIZING KATHY BAKER ON 
HER PASSING 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize Katheryn Baker on her sud-den and tragic passing on September 22, 2015 at the age of 49. 
Kathy started her career in 1984 at the Pa-
cific Northwest National Laboratory in Wash-ington. She later joined the Science Applica-tions International Corporation as business manager for energy and the environment. 
In 2001, Kathy commenced a career work-
ing at Lawrence Livermore National Labora-tory (LLNL). Working tirelessly with passion and drive, she quickly worked her way up the ranks, serving as business manager for a number of departments before being named Chief Financial Officer in 2012. 
She was described by those who knew and 
worked with her as a very special person and a great friend. Her loss is grieved by her col-leagues at LLNL, including principally by her husband, Jeff Baker, also an employee at the lab. 
Kathy, a Washington State University grad-
uate, met her husband, Jeff, when they were both attending the university. He sat behind her in calculus class, where their friendship quickly turned into a lifetime commitment to-wards one another. 
In the words of her husband, Kathy was the 
most wonderful, caring person anyone had ever met. In the words of her colleagues, she was seen as a member of their family. 
I want to acknowledge Kathy for her accom-
plishments, and her commitment to country and science. I also extend my condolences to her family, friends, and the entire lab commu-nity. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,084,928,227.59. We’ve 
added $7,524,207,879,314.51 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. JOSE FLORES 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Jose Flores, a civics teacher at Brawley Union High School in Brawley, CA, for guiding his students to become civic-mind-ed citizens. I would like to congratulate him on receiving the 2015 American Civic Education 
Teacher Award for motivating students to learn about the Constitution, Congress and public policy. 
For 23 years, Mr. Flores has been teaching 
students about their community by making them think critically about water, air, and soil quality issues. Jose Flores pushes his stu-dents to be active and engaged members of their communities. Mr. Flores embodies the dedication that Imperial Valley teachers pos-sess to educate their students. 
I would like to recognize Jose Flores for his 
outstanding work collaborating and forming partnerships with the local government for his students. On behalf of California’s 51st Con-gressional District, I would like to thank Mr. Flores for his commitment to improving his students and the community. 
f 
HONORING JOANNE ELLIS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Joanne Ellis, a com-munity leader, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Joanne Ellis was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Joanne Ellis is the Executive Di-
rector of the Yuba Sutter Gleaners Food Bank and Thrift Store. The Yuba Sutter Gleaners Food Bank is the only all-volunteer Food Bank in California. In addition to coordinating food distributions at 22 sites, scheduling volunteers and arranging for deliveries, Joanne manages the Emergency Drought Box program author-ized by Governor Jerry Brown to distribute among individuals most affected by the drought such as agricultural workers. 
Whereas, Joanne took the initiative to imple-
ment a successful pilot program called ‘Food for Thought’ at Park Avenue School in Yuba City. The program aims to minimize child hun-ger over the weekends when children and families do not have access to the National School Lunch program. It offers students the opportunity to take fresh local fruits and vege-tables and whole grain breads home to pre-pare and eat over the weekend. With Park Av-enue Elementary School containing the high-est poverty levels in the district, the program has been very well-received. 
Whereas, Joanne is a member of the Lions 
Club and Yuba-Sutter United Way. Joanne is dedicated to helping the neediest in her com-munity through broad collaborative efforts with supporting agencies who conduct cooking demonstrations and taste testing for her food bank families on a regular basis. Joanne’s work is truly a labor of love. 
Resolved , that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Joanne Ellis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.049 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1355 September 24, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OPENING 
OF CALIFORNIA NORTHSTATE UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF MEDI-CINE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the opening of the California Northstate University College of Medicine (CNUCOM). CNUCOM was created by a group of doctors, academics and medical pro-
fessionals in order to train a new generation of doctors. CNUCOM welcomed their first full class of 60 medical students on September 8, 2015 and this weekend the school is cele-brating their opening. 
CNUCOM is meeting a great need of both 
the Sacramento region and the State of Cali-fornia by increasing the number of medical students trained in the state. By training at least sixty new medical students each year, CNUCOM is helping address the drastic short-age of physicians that our nation is facing. Ac-cording to the Association of American Med-ical Colleges, our nation faces a shortfall of over 130,000 physicians by 2025. Almost half of Californians live in an area where primary care doctors are in short supply and far too many California counties have less than the recommended ratio of 60 to 80 primary care physicians per 100,000 residents. 
CNUCOM will be training the next genera-
tion of medical students by utilizing an inte-grated approach that focuses on basic science and an understanding of how the human body’s systems work, what goes wrong and what patients need to do to stay healthy. Their rigorous curriculum will include two years of classroom study, which will then be followed by clinical rotations at local hospitals, doctors’ offices and clinics. It is clear that CNUCOM is providing a cost effective, quality education while also building community partnerships to address clinical training needs and increasing access to high quality medical care in the Sac-ramento region. 
Mr. Speaker, as the California Northstate 
University College of Medicine opens their doors and welcomes their first class, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their ex-cellent work in the Sacramento region. I am confident that the CNUCOM will be producing the next generation of doctors and acting as a model for a quality medical education for many years to come. 
f 
UNCLE SAM 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I am going to 
leave research to the researchers, and history to the historians and address myself to an-other, and even more basic aspect, of the issue before you. I am satisfied that when you review the historical data that is being pre-sented here today, you will agree that there is no room for doubt where Uncle Sam Wilson lived and where he died and where he lies buried—in an all but forgotten grave. Troy’s claim to Uncle Sam is beyond dispute. But there is another and, as I said, an even 
more fundamental aspect to this issue. It might be expressed in the unspoken question which, I am sure, has suggested itself to some, if not all, of the members of this com-mittee. You may well ask: With Congress la-boring to resolve the most complex issues, which reflect the crises which face our nation at home and abroad, why all this fuss about Uncle Sam? I should like to try to answer that question. 
There was a time when our country passed 
immeasurable advantages over the rising tide of world Communism. We had technology, we had the production know-how, we had the most advantageous tools of peace—yes, and the most advanced tools of war, including the atomic and hydrogen bombs. But our ascend-ancy in all these fields has, little by little, been erased or at best reduced. 
And, as we pause from time to time, to as-
sess the progress of the never-ending struggle for survival which we call the ‘‘Cold War’’, we would do well to ask ourselves, bluntly and re-alistically: What do we have today that Com-munism does not have? 
It may be difficult to find a satisfying answer 
to this question in the areas of purely material progress. Nor is it surprising that Communism, the expression of materialistic philosophy, should be strong in material advantages. But there is a heartening answer to our question when we go a step beyond the purely material aspects of the struggle, into the spiritual as-pects which, after all, in the long run, will re-solve and decide the issue. 
What do we have that Communism does 
not have? We have our American heritage— a heritage that is reflected in our history, in our tradition, in every detail of the great suc-cess story that is the story of America. When Mr. Khrushchev shakes his fist and points to his rockets and his space ships and his le-gions parading in Red Square, we can stand before the world and point to our American heritage—to our history and our institutions and our principles. And it seems to me, that the nations of the world and the people of the world, faced with a choice, will know which way to go. 
When Mr. Khrushchev shouts, ‘‘Look what 
we got,’’ we can reply, ‘‘Look what we ARE.’’ And since the Cold War is, in great measure, a struggle for men’s minds—a war of propa-ganda, if you will—one of the most important responsibilities we have is to project the Amer-ican image in every corner of the world. Gen-tleman, we have that image ready-made. It’s Uncle Sam—that kindly, serious, honest old gentleman in his striped suit and tall hat. In the minds of millions here and abroad, he stands for all the virtues and qualities that are wrapped up in the American dream—honor, initiative, industry, opportunity, freedom, re-spect for the rights of others, and, above all, regard for the dignity of the individual. It’s all there in that picture. And it’s worth more in the world struggle than all Mr. Khrushchev’s space ships and rockets and nuclear bombs. 
But here is the point we must not overlook. 
What makes the image of Uncle Sam impor-tant and vital and compelling, is that Uncle Sam is real. And the world needs to know he is real. The world must be told that he is not a fictitious, shoddy trademark after the manner of an American advertising campaign. He is no cartoonist’s whimsy. He is no Madison Av-enue gimmick. Uncle Sam really lived. And from what we 
know of him, he embodied many, if not all of the qualities and virtues, that make us proud of our American heritage. Not only is Uncle Sam a real, flesh-and-blood American, he is particularly representative of the things that have made America great—initiative, industry, business acumen, Yankee resourcefulness. Going even a step further, when you consider how the term ‘‘Uncle Sam’’ was coined, you find an eloquent representation of the partner-ship between private enterprise and military effort in one of the most critical moments of our history—the same sort of partnership that made America mighty and respected—yes, and in the councils of the ungodly, feared. 
We, in America today, know something 
about how advertising and propaganda works. We know how difficult it is to sell an idea; any intangible idea or concept, until we clothe it in some image people can see and touch. Well, the people of the world know Uncle Sam. And the better they know him, the more they will respect and love him. And in accepting him, they will be embracing all the principles that go to make up the good life. 
Our own people too, need to know Uncle 
Sam better. Every nation needs its heroes, needs the inspiration and pride that come from a healthy respect for its historical figures. From Uncle Sam, we all can get a deeper ap-preciation of the American way. 
I have just one more point to make and it 
goes to the heart of all that is being said here today. Never—I say it again, gentlemen— never forget that Uncle Sam is real. Let us not go off waving the picture and leaving the sub-stance behind. Let us never forget that Uncle Sam had a last name too—and that name was Wilson. Let us never forget that Uncle Sam lived among us and worked among us and, when his time came, died among us. 
And need I suggest, gentlemen, that his 
resting place should command the attention and respect of the nation he has come to symbolize. Too long has Uncle Sam Wilson slept, almost unknown and unnoticed, on that grassy hillside overlooking the Hudson River. 
Of course we in Troy—whose forebears 
knew and worked with Samuel Wilson—we in Troy are proud of Uncle Sam. We have marked his grave modestly and have done what we could to make him better known. We feel that, in this effort, we have been doing what the American people would want to do, would insist upon doing, if they knew the story as we know it. 
And now we come, gentlemen, to the halls 
of Congress to ask you as the representatives of the American people to discharge a debt that is long overdue. 
Across the nation, we have federal installa-
tions of all kinds—among them, navy yards and arsenals and forts and missile bases and atomic testing sites—so many of them grim monuments to the unhappy aspects of our na-tional existence. We have too few monuments to the more inspiring side. 
We ask you to add another to the roll. We 
ask that you create, if you will, a Shrine of Americanism at the grave of the man who has become—after the Stars and Stripes—Amer-ica’s greatest symbol. The military installations are necessary indeed, if only to help us stay alive. But the final, inevitable victory in the 
great world struggle will be won by the ideals and principles—ideals and principles that are loftier than the highest space shot and more powerful than the most destructive bomb. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.055 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1356 September 24, 2015 
I feel sure, gentlemen, that we can say with-
out fear of challenge, that America will always be the leader of all nations in armed might, in-deed in any field of material or productive in-genuity. Communism, the greatest threat to mankind, leaves no room for sentiment of nos-talgia. Sentiment and nostalgia breed individ-ualism. Individualism is a quality of Freedom. Here is where we need our Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam is the breathtaking feeling of pride that goes with the beat of the military band and the marching men. Uncle Sam is the quiver in the lip as the picture of Surabachi flashes before our mind. Uncle Sam is the invisible resident of the tombs of the known and unknown dead in our wars. 
Gentlemen, I can assure you, we have no 
selfish interest in our quest for recognition of this great America. We ask only, that you ac-cept from us, this treasure that lies buried in a modest grave in Troy, New York. Recognize it, as it so richly deserves, and give it to all our people. 
That is the message Uncle Sam has for us 
today. That is the message that will be re-flected at the shrine for Americanism over his grave in Troy, New York. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 160TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF MILLER BREWING COMPANY 
HON. REID J. RIBBLE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize MillerCoors, which is celebrating the 160th anniversary of Miller Brewing Company throughout the month of September at its Mil-waukee Brewery in Wisconsin. 
Miller Brewing has been an important part of 
the Milwaukee community for 160 years. In honor of its 160th anniversary, the brewery is inviting members of the community to cele-brate Miller memories and has been hosting special events throughout the month. After settling in Milwaukee with a special 
brewer’s yeast and an ambition to brew ‘‘confoundedly good beers,’’ Frederick J. Miller founded the Miller Brewing Company in 1855. Miller Brewing continues that legacy today through MillerCoors, a family of breweries that includes many of the world’s most talented brewmasters who brew beers with high-quality and often local ingredients while holding them-selves to the industry’s highest standards. 
Today, MillerCoors and Miller Brewing are 
vital to Wisconsin’s economy and to the U.S. economy as a whole, supporting more than 8,000 jobs nationwide. Frederick Miller knew firsthand the value of civic leadership and sus-tainable business practices, and these tradi-tions continue today. Miller Brewing and MillerCoors remain deeply rooted in the com-munities in which they brew and sell beer by supporting local charities, remaining com-mitted to responsible consumption, and work-ing to reduce water and energy usage and waste in the brewing process. 
I am proud of MillerCoors for their contribu-
tions to the economy in Wisconsin and throughout the U.S. Their 160th anniversary is worthy of our special recognition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 110TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE WEST ORANGE TIMES & OBSERVER 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to recognize the West Orange Times & Observer as they celebrate 110 years of publication in Orange County, Florida. 
From its roots, the West Orange Times has 
been committed to informing, educating, and entertaining their readers. Based in Winter Garden, the paper has grown and prospered with the city region into a bustling center of news, community, and growth. I met George and Anne Bailey back in 
1980, when I was first elected to the Florida House of Representatives. We didn’t always see exactly alike, but we became very good friends for many years. Throughout my service in both Tallahassee and Washington, the West Orange Times has remained my hometown paper, and is still delivered to my home every week. 
Newspapers bring a community together as 
a method for informing the public, sharing the highs and lows, and advertising events that knit us together. I am grateful for the leader-ship and involvement of the West Orange Times & Observer, their long history in our area, and their dedication to draw our commu-nity together. West Orange is stronger be-cause of them. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TODD ISLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Todd Isley of Carlisle, Iowa for winning top honors at this year’s National Balloon Classic in Indianola. 
Todd got his start with hot air ballooning 
when he was only seven years old. He began by crewing and later earned his pilot’s license in 2004. Since that time, he has flown in con-tests across the United States and around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Todd and recognize his achievement today. I am proud to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating Todd for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24SE8.056 E24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1006 Thursday, September 24, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in a Joint Meeting to receive His Holiness Pope 
Francis of the Holy See. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6909–S6949 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and four resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2071–2080, and S. Res. 267–270.
                                                       Page S6938 
Measures Reported: 
S. 2078, to reauthorize the United States Com-
mission on International Religious Freedom. 
                                                                                            Page S6938 
Measures Passed: 
STEM Education Act: Senate passed H.R. 1020, 
to define STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6948–49 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 2694, to 
make a conforming amendment.                        Page S6948 
National Adult Education and Family Literacy 
Week: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged 
from further consideration of S. Res. 258, desig-nating the week of September 20 through 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S6949 
National Estuaries Week: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 269, designating the week of September 19 through September 26, 2015, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’.
                                                                            Page S6949 
Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 270, designating September 2015 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6949 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act: Senate resumed consider-
ation of H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Adminis-
tration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6910–31 
Rejected: 
McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Appropriations, with instruc-tions, McConnell Amendment No. 2674, to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the motion.) 
                                                                                            Page S6910 
McConnell Amendment No. 2672 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2669), to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the amendment.)
                                                        Page S6910 
McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2669, 
making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (Senate tabled the amendment.)
                                                                Page S6910 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2680, 
making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                       Pages S6916–17 
McConnell Amendment No. 2681 (to Amend-
ment No. 2680), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6917 
McConnell Amendment No. 2682 (to Amend-
ment No. 2681), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6917 
McConnell Amendment No. 2683 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2680), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6917 
McConnell Amendment No. 2684 (to Amend-
ment No. 2683), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6017 
McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Appropriations, with instruc-tions, McConnell Amendment No. 2685, to change the enactment date.
                                                  Page S6917 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE5.REC D24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1007 September 24, 2015 
McConnell Amendment No. 2686 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2685), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S6917 
McConnell Amendment No. 2687 (to Amend-
ment No. 2686), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6917 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 270), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2669 (listed above).
    Pages S6910–16 
McConnell Amendment No. 2675 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2674), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2674 (listed above) was tabled.
                                       Page S6910 
McConnell Amendment No. 2676 (to Amend-
ment No. 2675), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2675 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2674) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S6910 
McConnell Amendment No. 2673 (to Amend-
ment No. 2672), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2672 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2669) (listed above) was tabled.
                                       Page S6910 
McConnell Amendment No. 2670 (to Amend-
ment No. 2669), to change the enactment date, fell when McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2669 (listed above) was tabled.
                          Page S6910 
McConnell Amendment No. 2671 (to Amend-
ment No. 2670), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2670 (to Amendment No. 2669) fell.
                                                            Page S6910 
House Messages: 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act— 
Cloture: Senate began consideration of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the amend-ment of the Senate to H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed there-to:
                                                                                      Page S6931 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689, making continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016.
              Page S6931 
McConnell Amendment No. 2690 (to Amend-
ment No. 2689), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                    Pages S6931–32 McConnell motion to refer the House message on 
the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2691, to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S6932 
McConnell Amendment No. 2692 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2691), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S6932 
McConnell Amendment No. 2693 (to Amend-
ment No. 2692), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6932 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2689 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Monday, September 28, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S6932 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6935 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6935–38 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6938–40 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6941–42 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6934–35 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6942–48 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6948 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—270)                                                                 Page S6916 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 1 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:27 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, September 25, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6949.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘United States Commission on International Religious Free-dom Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
AGENCY REGULATORY GUIDANCE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: On Wednesday, September 23, 2015, Sub-
committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Man-agement concluded a hearing to examine the use of agency regulatory guidance, including how agencies could benefit from stronger internal control prac-tices, after receiving testimony from Michelle A. Sager, Director, Strategic Issues, Government Ac-countability Office; Mary Beth Maxwell, Principal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE5.REC D24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1008 September 24, 2015 
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Labor, Office of the 
Assistant Secretary for Policy; and Amy McIntosh, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Education Delegated the Duties of the Assistant Secretary, Of-fice of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Develop-ment. NSA OPERATIONS AND CHALLENGES 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine National Security Agency oper-ations and challenges, after receiving testimony from Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agency, and Chief, Central Security Service. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3594–3609; and 7 resolutions, H. Res. 434–440 were introduced.
                 Pages H6226–27 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6228–29 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as fol-lows: 
H.R. 1613, to reduce the operation and mainte-
nance costs associated with the Federal fleet by en-couraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–266).
               Page H6226 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6191 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:33 a.m. for the 
purpose of receiving Pope Francis of the Holy See. The House reconvened at 1:02 p.m., and agreed that the proceedings had during the Joint Meeting be printed in the Record.
                                            Page H6191 
Joint Meeting To Receive Pope Francis of the Holy See: The House and Senate met in a joint ses-
sion to receive. He was escorted into the Chamber by a committee comprised of Representatives McCar-thy, Scalise, McMorris Rodgers, Walden, Messer, Foxx, Jenkins (KS), Pelosi, Hoyer, Clyburn, Becerra, Crowley, DeLauro, and Ben Ray Lujan (NM); and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Hatch, Thune, Bar-rasso, Blunt, Wicker, Collins, Murkowski, Corker, Ayotte, Reid, Durbin, Schumer, Murray, Leahy, Tester, Stabenow, Klobuchar, Cardin, Menendez, and Mikulski.
                                                               Pages H6191–94 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Providing for the concurrence of the House in 
the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment: H. Res. 434, providing for the concur-
rence of the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment;
                Pages H6195–98 Designating the Federal building located at 617 
Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Of-fice, and United States Court House’’: S. 1707, to 
designate the Federal building located at 617 Wal-nut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’;
                       Pages H6197–98 
Designating the United States courthouse located 
at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse: S. 261, to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Hollo-way, Jr. United States Courthouse;
                  Page H6198 
Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization 
Act: H.R. 3116, to extend by 15 years the authority 
of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quar-terly financial report program;
                   Pages H6198–99 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’: S. 994, 
to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                             Pages H6199–H6200 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in King-ston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’: H.R. 1442, to des-
ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’;
                                                             Pages H6200–01 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE5.REC D24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1009 September 24, 2015 
Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’: H.R. 322, to des-
ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chester-field, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 405 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 507; 
                                                                      Pages H6201–02, H6207 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’: H.R. 323, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’;
                                         Pages H6202–03 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’: H.R. 324, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’;
                Pages H6203–04 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boule-vard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’: H.R. 558, to des-
ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’;
                                    Pages H6204–05 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’: H.R. 1884, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Build-ing’’; and
                                                                        Page H6205 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building: H.R. 3059, to designate the facil-
ity of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building.
   Page H6205 RAPID Act: The House began consideration of 
H.R. 348, to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determina-tions. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, September 25th.
                                                         Page H6207 
H. Res. 420, amended, the rule providing for con-
sideration of the bills (H.R. 348) and (H.R. 758) was agreed to on September 17th. 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H6194. 
Senate Referrals: S. 986 was held at the desk. S. 
1170 was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. S. 1632 was referred to the Committee on For-eign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
                                                                  Page H6225 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H6207. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 8:30 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:24 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 25, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Century’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on VIN Database and Auto Whistleblower Bills’’, 9:45 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24SE5.REC D24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1010 September 24, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:30 a.m., Friday, September 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will be in a period of morn-
ing business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, September 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
348—RAPID Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1345 
Bost, Mike, Ill., E1353 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1344 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1353 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1354 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1339 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1341 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E1352 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1351 Fortenberry, Jeff, Nebr., E1351 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1342, E1344, E1344, E1347, 
E1348, E1350, E1350, E1351, E1353, E1354 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1344, E1345 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1340 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1346, E1349 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1347, E1348 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1347, E1351 Kato, John, N.Y., E1342 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1343 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1339 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1353 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1347 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1339 
Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1355 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1340 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1343, E1345, E1352 
Nunes, Devin, Calif., E1350 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1342, E1350, E1352, E1352 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E1348 Ribble, Reid J. E1356 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1339, E1340, E1341, E1342, E1342 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1355 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1340, E1343 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1354 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1353 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1348, E1354 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1356 Young, David, Iowa, E1341, E1343, E1345, E1346, E1348, 
E1350, E1352, E1353, E1354, E1356 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24SE5.REC D24SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST