Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2881 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2015 No. 73 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
OLD). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 13, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R OBERT J. 
DOLDto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
POLICE MEMORIAL WEEK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, po-
lice officers are the barrier between good and evil. They do society’s dirty work. They are the fence between the law and the lawless. These men and women in uniform are our Nation’s peace officers. Every day, peace offi-cers rush into chaos and toward crime that everyone else is running away from. And every day, these officers risk their lives for the rest of us. 
When New York Police Officer Brian 
Moore set out for patrol on Saturday, May 2, he did not know that would be 
his last day on patrol. Officer Moore and fellow Officer Erik Jansen were driving in Queens, New York, that evening when they saw someone who was obviously suspicious, so they did what they should do. They went up to that individual to check out what was going on. 
Officer Moore drove up behind the 
suspicious individual and asked him this question: ‘‘Do you have something in your waist?’’ Allegedly, the callous criminal, Mr. Speaker, coldly replied: ‘‘Yeah, I’ve got something in my pock-et,’’ and he pulled out a gun and fired three shots into Officer Moore’s patrol car, killing Officer Moore. The soulless criminal then fled in the darkness of the night. 
Officer Moore was rushed to the hos-
pital, where he spent 2 days before he died. He was 25 years of age when he was killed. He was young, bright, and committed to the badge that he wore over his heart. 
In his short career, Officer Moore re-
ceived two exceptional police service 
commendations. Police Commissioner Bill Bratton of the New York Police Department noted, ‘‘They don’t give those medals out easily. He worked very hard for those.’’ Officer Moore earned those two medals in less than 5 years. He was an exceptional police of-ficer, even at a very young age. 
Being a peace officer wasn’t a job for 
Officer Moore; it was a cause. It was in his blood. He was the son, nephew, and cousin of New York police officers, and the job had deep roots in the Moore family. Officer Moore lived with his fa-ther, a retired police officer. He was meant for the uniform, and he was killed because of the uniform. It is an absolute tragedy that his young life was stolen from not only his family, but the police department and the com-munity that he honorably served and protected. 
Last Monday, as Officer Moore’s body 
was transferred from a Queens hos-pital, the ambulance drove by a thin 
blue line of peace officers who stood in silent salute, paying their respects to Officer Moore. 
Peace officers, Mr. Speaker, are the 
first to respond to the call for help when someone is in trouble. That is who they call. The police are the first and last line of defense between crimi-nals and citizens. And it is somewhat ironic, Mr. Speaker, that our society counts on police officers to protect their communities, to protect their property, and restore order, yet they are targeted and criticized when they try to do their job to protect the rest of us. 
We thank the peace officers who, in 
spite of this, continue to protect and serve neighborhoods. As long as crimi-nals are on our streets and in our neighborhoods refusing to follow soci-ety’s law, peace officers are absolutely necessary. 
As a country, we should mourn the 
loss of all those in law enforcement who devote their life’s work to restor-ing order in our community. Since Of-ficer Moore’s murder on May 2, two other peace officers were murdered in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, this week is National 
Police Week. This Friday, right here on the west side of the Capitol, the fami-lies of 126 peace officers killed in the line of duty last year, as well as the families of those from previous years, will gather. They will be surrounded by thousands of peace officers from all over the country and by citizens show-ing their respect during National Po-lice Week. 
Of the 126 killed last year, which is a 
24 percent increase from the previous year, 11 of those who were killed were from Texas. And here is the rollcall of the fallen: 
Mark Uland Kelley of the Trinity 
University Police Department. 
Detective Charles Dinwiddie of the 
Killeen Police Department. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.000 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2882 May 13, 2015 
Sergeant Paul A. Buckles of the Pot-
ter County Sheriff’s Office. 
Chief of Police Lee Dixon of the Lit-
tle River-Academy Police Department. 
Chief of Police Michael Pimentel of 
the Elmendorf Police Department. 
Border Patrol Agent Tyler R. 
Robledo. 
Senior Deputy Jessica Laura Hollis 
of the Travis County Sheriff’s Office. 
Sergeant Michael Lee Naylor of the 
Midland County Sheriff’s Office. 
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Valdez, III, of 
the Harris County Sheriff’s Office. 
Constable Robert Parker White of 
the El Paso County Constable’s Office. 
Sergeant Alejandro ‘‘Alex’’ Martinez 
of the Willacy County Sheriff’s Office. 
Mr. Speaker, all of these officers died 
because they were wearing the badge. As a former prosecutor and a former judge, I have known a lot of police offi-cers. I have known some who have been killed in the line of duty. They, like Officer Moore, represent the best of America. 
This week, other police officers 
throughout the country will be wearing the black cloth of sacrifice over their badge or their star, showing respect for those who have fallen in the line of duty in this country. 
So we thank the families of the fall-
en. We thank the fallen for what they have done. We thank all of those who still protect and serve America. They are the best we have. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as 
the clock ticks down, May 31—18 cal-endar days and 6 legislative days away—is the expiration of the latest of now 24 short-term extensions that are testimony to Congress’ inability to face up to America’s transportation challenges. 
As I predicted last summer, States 
around the country are now cutting back on their summer construction projects because Congress has not met its responsibility for the transpor-tation partnership. 
Why is it that five States have been 
able to raise the gas tax this year, 19 States have raised transportation reve-nues in the previous 2 years, and we in Congress are confused and in disarray? We have to think of elaborate mecha-nisms to enact short-term patches and not give America the certainty of a big, bold 6-year transportation reau-thorization the country needs. 
Maybe it is because we never listened 
to the strong voices with real experi-ence about those needs. It is past time to have that broad perspective. 
Maybe if we had 2 days of honest-to- 
goodness hearings like legislative bod-ies do in the States, like we used to do in Congress, it wouldn’t be so hard. 
What if we invited Richard Trumka, 
the president of the AFL–CIO, and Tom Donohue, the president of the U.S. 
Chamber, who don’t usually agree on much of anything, but do on this? Or, former Kansas Governor Bill Graves, who is not just president of the Amer-ican Trucking Associations but was a Republican Governor who raised the gas tax not once, but twice. 
What if we invited former Mayor 
Bloomberg, Governor Schwarzenegger, and former Governor Ed Rendell? What if we brought in the head of American Road & Transportation Builders Asso-ciation, Dr. Pete Ruane? The electrical contractors are in town this week. They could tell us. I have got a great constituent, Ted Aadland, who used to be chair of AGC. 
There are countless people, govern-
ment leaders, and legislative leaders who have stepped up and met their re-sponsibility, all expecting that Con-gress would do its part. 
These experts, leaders, and politi-
cians know what the problem is. They fashion solutions. And they are willing to give the politicians in Congress cover to do something that appears hard only in the abstract. 
There is broad consensus for the 
same solution that was advocated by Ronald Reagan, who in 1982 raised the gas tax. Or, Dwight Eisenhower, who helped establish the gas tax for the modern transportation system. It is hard only because we don’t do our job. 
The leaders who say the gas tax is off 
the table never explained why it is off the table and, more important, have not allowed the experts and advocates from around the country to come and make the case. 
Republicans took control 55 months 
ago, and we have not had a single hear-ing on transportation finance before the Ways and Means Committee. Not one hearing. Maybe if the Ways and Means Committee would do its job, not with a carefully scripted, selected cou-ple of witnesses that reaffirm some-body’s biases, but the people who actu-ally head the organizations that do this work, that understand the need, that have helped States around the country meet their responsibilities, maybe we could act. I suspect after 2 full days of hearings, the American public and the rest of Congress would get the message. 
It doesn’t have to be this hard. Show 
some courage, show some vision, show some action. Maybe then we won’t have a 25th short-term extension. What country became great building its in-frastructure 9 months at a time? Maybe we could finally enact a 6-year robust reauthorization that would solve this problem for the current ad-ministration and the next and put hun-dreds of thousands of people to work at family wage jobs. 
Let’s end this hopeless charade that 
somehow it is too hard for Congress to do what happens in New Hampshire, South Dakota, Georgia, Wyoming, Utah, and Iowa. Let’s get a grip, peo-ple, and do our job and listen to the ex-perts. No more evasion, gimmicks, and 
short-term extensions. Raise the gas tax, put those hundreds of thousands of people to work rebuilding and renewing America. Make our families safer, healthier, and more economically se-cure. 
f 
STANDING FOR LIFE—WE MUST 
NOT REMAIN SILENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on behalf of those who cannot speak for themselves. 
As I consider the current state of our 
Nation’s debate about abortion, I am a bit puzzled when I hear the word ‘‘health care’’ in discussing such a topic. 
Unlike procedures for common ail-
ments that would be typically associ-ated with the term ‘‘health care,’’ abortion has as its very object the tak-ing of a human life. The term ‘‘abor-tion’’ forces the question: What—or, better said, who—is being terminated? Without a doubt, it is clear that abor-tion ends the life of these little human beings. 
Many will want to discuss health 
care today, but I ask: Who is respon-sible for the health care of the baby? Who among us is assigned to protect this most precious life? 
Each baby bears the unique imprint 
of our Creator, with goodness, truth, and beauty to offer the world. Yet these children will never be able to grow, play, dream, and reach their full God-given potential. 
My wife, a nurse practitioner, and I 
faced a very unexpected pregnancy in our late thirties. After the shock wore off, we embraced the idea of a new lit-tle girl who would be part of our fam-ily. In fact, I have decided to bring a picture of her today. 
I have a great screen shot of the 
ultrasound 3 months into the preg-nancy. Interestingly enough, we never referred to her as fetus number three. We called her Anna Claire. Just like any of you, parent or grandparent, we all take great pride in displaying new life. 
Please allow me to make this clear. I 
don’t speak ill of or despise anyone who has made a fateful but very dif-ficult decision. As a former minister, I have seen the anguish and the hurt both before and after what can be an excruciating process. 
Yet today, we are faced with an his-
toric decision that has nothing to do with trade or with budgets but, rather, has everything to do with life. In this moment, we have the opportunity to address something that many countries have already outlawed. 
Though many of us would prefer leg-
islation that would go even further, this bill would impose a simple restric-tion that follows naturally and univer-sally shared rules of humanity and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.017 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2883 May 13, 2015 
compassion. To that end, H.R. 36 pro-
tects the unborn child from being aborted after 20 weeks of gestation. 
Medical science tells us that the baby 
fights for survival in a second or third trimester abortion. He or she recoils in pain at the poison intended to stop their heart and the clamps used to dis-member their tiny little body. We can-not deny this evidence. We must not look the other way. 
While we show compassion to moth-
ers who are facing difficult decisions, we must also protect the babies who are surely counted among the ‘‘least of these.’’ Who will be their voice? God forbid if we don’t speak out. 
Martin Luther King, Jr., said: ‘‘Our lives begin to end the day we 
become silent about things that mat-ter.’’ 
b1015 
When this final page of human story 
is turned, what will we have done to embrace justice, to love mercy, and be a voice for those who have none? 
The American people have grown 
weary of the rhetoric in D.C. Attention and being aware is good, but there comes a time when we have to move from the awareness stage to the action steps. Today is that time. 
I urge my friends on both sides of 
this Chamber to break the silence, to stand up for life, and support H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act. 
f 
BUDGET CUTS FOR THE SUPPLE-
MENTAL NUTRITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, a few 
weeks ago, MomsRising, a national grassroots organization of moms, deliv-ered a petition signed by more than 25,000 moms from all across the coun-try urging this Congress not to cut SNAP in the fiscal year 2016 budget. 
Every Member of this House received 
the petition signed by moms in their districts. Today, that petition has grown to nearly 50,000 signatures, and it keeps on growing. This is just the latest petition from MomsRising urg-ing Congress to prioritize children in the budget and protect SNAP from cuts and other structural changes. 
I want to share one of the stories 
from a mom. Monique from Ohio writes: 
I was raised to always work and so was my 
husband. We have tried to instill this in our daughter, even going so far as to work oppo-site shifts and have family babysit if there was an overlap. When my husband was laid off 2 years ago and then couldn’t find work, I tried my best to keep us floating on just my income, walking to work because I didn’t have the bus fare, often having $20 or less after paying the bills to feed my family for a week. 
I resisted getting on welfare, having been 
raised never to take a handout. My pastor was the one who pointed out that I had al-
ready paid for that right through my taxes over several decades. 
Since signing up for SNAP benefits, I can 
feed my family filling, nutritious meals again. Of course, my husband is still looking for work, and that will pick up the slack again if he gets work, and once he finds it, we will happily forego the benefits again. Until then, all I can say is thank God and the government for having a safety net in place. 
Unfortunately, Monique’s story is 
not unique, but it shows that, without SNAP, her family would have been much worse off during these tough times. 
One in five children in the United 
States experiences hunger. Without the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, that number would sadly be much higher. Already, nearly half of all SNAP participants are chil-dren under the age of 18—nearly half, Mr. Speaker. 
This is despite the fact that SNAP 
households with children have high work rates. Families with children who are working continue to earn so little that they still qualify for SNAP, and they will struggle to put food on the table. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that hunger 
can lead to a myriad of negative out-comes for children. From health prob-lems and compromised immune sys-tems, to poor nutrition, to an inability to concentrate and succeed in school, childhood hunger means kids suffer. 
Despite these sobering statistics, the 
Republican budget resolutions passed by the House and Senate made draco-nian cuts to SNAP and other critical programs to help poor children and their families. 
The budget conference report only 
makes these cuts worse. It builds upon the $125 billion cut to SNAP in the House budget. To achieve a cut of that magnitude by block granting the pro-gram and capping its allotment means that States would be forced to cut ben-efits or cut eligible individuals and families off the program. There are simply no good choices. In short, it would make hunger worse in America, much worse. 
Mr. Speaker, SNAP is one of the only 
remaining basic protections for the very poor. For many of the poorest Americans, SNAP is the only form of income assistance they receive. SNAP provides food benefits to low-income Americans at a very basic level. SNAP benefits are already too low. They av-erage less than $1.40 per person, per meal. We should not be balancing the Federal budget on the backs of the poor and working families. We should not be making childhood hunger worse in America. 
I commend MomsRising for their 
leadership and for taking action to pro-tect SNAP and ensure that all children have access to healthy, nutritious foods. 
Later today, MomsRising will start a 
Twitterstorm under the #missionpossible to highlight how building a strong economy for women, 
families, and the Nation is mission pos-sible with policies to protect SNAP, promote healthy nutrition, guarantee paid sick days, require equal pay for equal work, and make child care more affordable. These are economic secu-rity priorities that boost our families and our economy. 
As the old adage goes, ‘‘Mother 
knows best.’’ We should listen to our moms, especially as we gather only a few days after Mother’s Day. We should be strengthening families’ economic se-curity, and we should be working to end hunger now, not making it worse. 
f 
PROTECTING THE UNBORN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, for the sake of all those who found-ed this Nation and dreamed of what America could someday be and for the sake of all those since then who have died in darkness so America could walk in the light of freedom, it is so very im-portant for those of us who are privi-leged to be Members of this Congress to pause from time to time and remind ourselves of why we are really all here. 
Thomas Jefferson, whose words 
marked the beginning of this Nation said: 
The care of human life and its happiness 
and not its destruction is the chief and only object of good government. 
The phrase in the Fifth Amendment 
capsulizes our entire Constitution. It says: 
No person shall be . . . deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law. 
The 14th Amendment says: 
No State shall . . . deny to any person 
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. 
Mr. Speaker, protecting the lives of 
all Americans and their constitutional rights, especially those who cannot protect themselves, is why we are all here; yet today, Mr. Speaker, a great shadow looms over America because more than 18,000 very late-term abor-tions are occurring in America every year, placing the mothers at exponen-tially greater risk and subjecting their pain-capable unborn babies to torture and death without anesthesia or Fed-eral protection of any kind in the land of the free and the home of the brave, and it is the greatest human rights atrocity in the United States today. 
Almost every other civilized nation 
on this Earth, Mr. Speaker, protects pain-capable unborn babies at this age, and every credible poll of the American people shows that they are overwhelm-ingly in favor of protecting them; yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from unnecessary cru-elty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Hu-mane Slaughter Act. 
Mr. Speaker, it seems we are never 
quite so eloquent as when we decry the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.003 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2884 May 13, 2015 
crimes of past generations; yet we 
often become staggeringly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst of atrocities in our own time. It is a heartbreaking thought. 
I would submit to you, Mr. Speaker, 
that the winds of change are indeed now beginning to blow and that the tide of blindness and blood is finally turning in America because today— today—we are poised to pass the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act in this Chamber. 
Mr. Speaker, no matter how it is 
shouted down or what distortions, de-ceptive what-ifs, distractions, diver-sions, gotchas, twisting of words, changing the subject, or blatant false-hoods the abortion industry hurls at this bill and its supporters, this bill is a deeply sincere effort, beginning at their sixth month of pregnancy, to pro-tect both mothers and their little, pain-capable unborn babies from the atrocity of late-term abortion on de-mand. Ultimately, it is one all humane Americans can support if they truly understand it for themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a vote all of us 
will remember the rest of our lives, and it will be considered in the annals of history and, I believe, in the councils of eternity itself. It shouldn’t be such a hard vote. 
Protecting little, pain-capable un-
born children and their mothers is not a Republican issue or a Democrat issue; it is a test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. 
It is time to open our eyes and allow 
our consciences to catch up with our technology. It is time for the Members of the United States Congress to open our eyes and our souls, to remember that protecting those who cannot pro-tect themselves is why we are all here. 
It is time for all Americans, Mr. 
Speaker, to open our eyes and our hearts to the humanity of these little, pain-capable unborn children of God and the inhumanity of what is being done to them. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, the 
President came to Oregon last week, and he has taken to insults and misstatements of fact in order to get his trade promotion authority bill done, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
He said, ‘‘Number four, critics warn 
that parts of this deal would under-mine American regulation, food safety, worker safety, even financial regula-tions. They are making this stuff up’’— great applause from his audience. ‘‘This is not true. No trade agreement is going to force us to change our laws.’’ 
Well, the President has sort of a 
technical point there. He is a lawyer. They can’t force us to change our laws. They can just make us pay to have them, and it has happened. Mexican fishermen were paid by the 
U.S. Government to not kill dolphins because we had adopted a dolphin-safe label for tuna. We had to pay damages to Mexico because of their foregone profit because we wouldn’t let them kill the dolphins. 
Mexican trucks wanted to come into 
the U.S. Well, they don’t meet our standards—kind of a problem, Mexican trucks rumbling around the U.S. with drivers that don’t meet our standards, but they won a judgment under these same provisions. 
Nope, he is right. They couldn’t 
make us change the laws. They just imposed a whole range of punitive tar-iffs, politically targeted against people like me who had imposed the Mexican trucks, then-Speaker P
ELOSI , and oth-
ers; and the U.S. relented. 
Now, they didn’t make us change our 
laws. We volunteered to do it after they imposed massive and unfair tariffs on Mexican goods. 
But it works both ways. It has been 
great for America. There is a U.S. min-ing company that just won a judgment against Nova Scotia. They wanted to put a huge pit mine on the Bay of Fundy, destroy the fisheries’ resource for their pit mine. They were denied. They won a judgment against the gov-ernment of Nova Scotia and Canada. 
Now, Nova Scotia and Canada don’t 
have to change their laws. They can pay this country $300 million of dam-ages because they can’t destroy the fishery with their pit mine. 
Now, the President is a smart guy, 
went to Harvard, but I consulted a lit-tle bit higher and smarter authority. Last night, I was at a dinner with Jo-seph Stiglitz, Nobel Prize winning economist. He was on the Obama eco-nomic team when NAFTA was adopted. 
He said we made a huge mistake. We 
did not understand that this ISDS was creating a regulatory taking in a spe-cial court available only to corpora-tions. We didn’t know that, and it opened the door on chapter 11 in NAFTA. He says Obama is opening the door all the way and putting full force behind those provisions in this legisla-tion. 
Bottom line, what he said? People 
will die. People will die because of this provision in the TPP. It is a huge win for the pharmaceutical industry. They get to wipe out the formularies in those countries, both developing and developed countries who are part of the TPP, which lowers drug prices. They will not be allowed under this agree-ment, and they can go to a secret tri-bunal to get damages if those countries won’t revoke them. 
It will wipe out access to generics in 
developing countries who are part of this agreement. That means AIDS drugs and other things that they can’t afford, no longer generic—people will die. 
b1030 
Now, these are people overseas. 
Maybe we shouldn’t care so much. I do. But others might not; it is all about 
profits. 
But ultimately, it is going to come 
home because a U.S.-based pharma-ceutical company can open a sub-sidiary in any one of those countries, and it can go to a secret trade tribunal and it can challenge our reduced drug prices for veterans, which the pharma-ceutical industry would really love to undo. That is billions of dollars of prof-its foregone every year because our veterans get the lowest price for drugs. Under this trade agreement, ulti-mately, that will be challenged, and in all probability, we will lose. 
Now, the President is right: we won’t 
have to repeal the law that gets the lowest-priced drugs for our veterans. We will just have to pay the pharma-ceutical industry billions of dollars a year to continue to give our vets the drugs at a lower price so we can pro-vide more care for more veterans. 
This trade agreement, unfortunately, 
is what those of us who are critics say it is. It is built upon the faulty founda-tion of past trade agreements, includ-ing Korea. 
The special trade representative to 
the President—also dissembling a little bit—comes to caucuses: ‘‘It is unbeliev-able. We have got 20,000 more cars into Korea last year. This thing is a suc-cess.’’ 
I said, ‘‘Oh, Mr. Ambassador, how 
many more Korean cars came in last year as a result of the agreement?’’ 
‘‘Oh, I don’t have that number.’’ Well, of course he didn’t have the 
number. Well, he knows the number. It is 461,000. 
So we got 20,000 cars into Korea; they 
got 461,000 more into the U.S. That means a net loss of 441,000 cars. That is a heck of a lot of jobs lost in the auto industry. 
This was a great day yesterday when 
the Senate slowed them down a little bit, and as the American people learn more, we will stop them. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, this week 
we celebrate National Police Week, when we recognize the service and sac-rifice of the brave men and women who have lost their lives in the line of duty while serving to protect us. 
National Police Week began in 1962, 
when President John F. Kennedy signed a proclamation designating May 15 as Peace Officers Memorial Day and the week in which that falls as Police Week. 
The memorial service began in 1982 
as a gathering in Senate Park of ap-proximately 120 survivors and sup-porters of law enforcement. Decades later, National Police Week has grown 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2885 May 13, 2015 
to a series of events which attracts 
thousands of survivors and law enforce-ment officers to our Nation’s Capital each year. National Police Week draws in between 25,000 and 40,000 partici-pants. 
The National Peace Officers’ Memo-
rial Service, which is sponsored by the Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police, is one in a series of events which includes the candlelight vigil, which is sponsored by the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, and seminars sponsored by Con-cerns of Police Survivors. 
The attendees come from depart-
ments throughout the United States as well as from agencies throughout the world. This provides a unique oppor-tunity to meet others who share a com-mon brotherhood. 
Our police force all around America 
plays an essential role in our commu-nities, putting their lives on the line every day to protect us. 
Just last week, in my home State of 
New York, a member of the NYPD, 25- year-old Brian Moore from Long Is-land, was killed in the line of duty. I would like to take this opportunity to speak for so many fellow Long Island-ers who want his family to know that Brian remains in our thoughts and our prayers during this very difficult time. 
Marc Mogil, a Floridian and former 
New Yorker, recently wrote to me very passionately, defending the law en-forcement community, stating in part: ‘‘Police officers merit our unwavering appreciation and support as loyal Americans and our awareness of the traditional and touching parting words almost always used amongst them: ‘stay safe.’’’ 
It is my strongly held belief that no 
child should grow up fearing or lacking respect for law enforcement. And for those who consider themselves to be protesters, who resort to violence and stealing and burning down a church- run senior center, you lose any shot of moral high ground when you resort to those tactics. It is so unfortunate that today, in our society, we have this antipolice culture, with people acting with unjustified acts of violence against our police force. 
Our police serve and protect us to 
keep our communities and citizens safe. This week, we honor them for their acts of selfless courage and lead-ership in our community. 
f 
INVESTING IN AMERICA’S 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, last night, 
America witnessed a tragic accident that occurred when the Amtrak train going from Washington, D.C., to New York derailed outside of Philadelphia. We mourn the loss of lives and those that were injured, and our thoughts and prayers go to the families who were involved in that tragic accident last night. And while we do not know 
the cause of that accident, we do know that America desperately needs to in-vest in its infrastructure. 
Yes, this week is National Infrastruc-
ture Week, and we have 6 legislative days left to fund America’s national transportation system—6 days. For 2 years, we have been kicking this can down the road, and I suspect we will find some temporary means of funding before the end of this month. However, America needs a long-term means of investing in its infrastructure, a long- term means that will allow for 5 years of planning for investments in our roads, our bridges, in our transit sys-tems, in our railway systems, and in our water infrastructure. 
We are experiencing a terrible 
drought out in California, and it is long overdue that we invest in California and in America’s water systems. 
So as we acknowledge this week 
being National Infrastructure Week, it is important that we remember that it is long overdue that Congress come to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to pro-vide long-term funding that will allow long-term planning to provide the same kinds of investments that our parents and our grandparents made in this country years ago that we are living off of today. 
THE HMONG VETERANS ’ SERVICE RECOGNITION  
ACT 
Mr. COSTA. In addition, Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to honor the service of Hmong and Lao Americans who fought for the United States during the Vietnam war. 
The Central Intelligence Agency in 
the 1960s covertly trained Hmong men and women in Laos, and the Hmong special guerilla unit was formed, other-wise known as the SGU. They directed them in the compact to support U.S. forces. 
These indigenous forces conducted di-
rect missions against communists, fighting side-by-side American soldiers and saving countless American lives. That is why President Ford, in 1975, signed an executive order granting these Hmong soldiers and their fami-lies the ability to gain access as per-manent residents for their service to our country if they could make it to America, and many of them did. 
More than 100,000 Hmong soldiers 
made the ultimate sacrifice. Today, ap-proximately 6,000 of those veterans are still with us. 
To honor and to recognize the service 
of these brave veterans, the gentleman from California, Congressman P
AUL 
COOK, and I will be reintroducing a bi-
partisan piece of legislation, the Hmong Veterans’ Service Recognition Act. This legislation would allow the burial of these Hmong veterans who live here today and their families in national cemeteries, like the San Joa-quin Valley National Cemetery in Merced County. 
This recognition is long overdue. We 
granted it to Filipino soldiers who fought side-by-side with American sol-diers in World War II. I hope my colleagues will support 
this legislation to ensure that those Hmong veterans and their families re-ceive the proper recognition by pro-viding them the burial rights that they have earned. Again, it is long overdue. There are less than 6,000 of them that are still alive today in America. I think it is appropriate that we finally honor them. 
f 
IN DEFENSE OF LIFE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak about an issue that I care deeply about: pro-tecting unborn babies. 
Later today, this body will vote on 
H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation should not be controversial. It simply protects unborn babies that a preponderance of scientific evidence has proven can feel pain. We are talking about the sixth month of pregnancy. 
This bill is an important step in pro-
tecting the unborn. I am a proud co-sponsor. I look forward to casting my vote in favor of the legislation later today. 
Recently, a group of students at West 
Virginia University made news for cou-rageously speaking out in defense of life at an abortion clinic near Morgan-town. I know firsthand that it is not al-ways politically correct to stand for your values, but we should never back down from protecting the unborn. 
I applaud these brave WVU students 
for their actions. Their willingness to stand for life reminds me of my days at Dartmouth College, when I served as the president of the Dartmouth Coali-tion for Life. I remember standing in the cafeteria and handing out edu-cational materials about protecting the unborn and the development of life. While I may not have won any popu-larity contest by standing up for my beliefs that life is precious and abor-tion is wrong, I sure got my fellow stu-dents thinking about the pro-life issue. 
My pro-life commitment was ce-
mented even further when I became a father. I have three children. And actu-ally today, my youngest daughter turns 7 months old. 
I am pleased to represent the State of 
West Virginia, where the pro-life move-ment is thriving, and the rights of the unborn are being restored. In fact, just this past February, our West Virginia State Legislature passed our own Pain- Capable Unborn Protection Act by wide bipartisan margins. 
In the State Senate of West Virginia, 
the exact same bill banning abortion after 20 weeks passed the State Senate of West Virginia by a vote of 29–5, with 11 of 16 Democrat State senators in my State—that is 68 percent of the Demo-crats—voting for the bill. In the West Virginia State House of Delegates, the vote was 88–12; again, with two-thirds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.007 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2886 May 13, 2015 
of State house members that are 
Democrats voting for the bill. This is a bipartisan issue. 
I am hopeful today that a strong bi-
partisan majority in this Chamber will follow the example of my home State of West Virginia and pass the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act so these protections are extended to un-born babies in every State in the United States. 
I am honored to also be the lead co-
sponsor of the Life at Conception Act, which simply clarifies that human life begins at conception. 
There is no question that we, in the 
pro-life community, have our work cut out for us. President Obama and most Democrats in Congress refuse to pro-tect life at any stage. 
One of the best examples of how out 
of touch the other side on this abortion issue came just a few weeks ago across the aisle in the Senate, where Demo-crats were willing to block a bill aimed at protecting victims of human traf-ficking simply because it included a provision that prohibited taxpayer funding of abortion. They are the ex-tremists on this issue. 
Look at President Obama, himself. In 
2008, when he was running for President and he was in a debate against J
OHN 
MCCAIN in the Saddleback Church 
forum moderated by Rick Warren, the moderator asked President Obama when life began, and the President’s re-sponse was: ‘‘Whether you’re looking at it from a theological perspective or a scientific perspective, answering that question with specificity, you know, is above my pay grade.’’ 
The President of the United States 
said it is above his pay grade to say when human life begins. That is a shame. 
When I ran for Congress, I made the 
commitment to the people of the Sec-ond District of West Virginia that I would do everything in my power to de-fend the unborn. I continue to be guid-ed by my faith, my values, my edu-cation, and my constituents on this issue. I look forward to working with my colleagues to defend the innocent and give a voice to the voiceless un-born babies. 
f 
b1045 
THE DELAWARE RIVER BASIN 
CONSERVATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to pass the bipartisan Delaware River Basin Conservation Act. Next to me is a beautiful photograph of the University of Delaware crew team rowing along the Christina River, a tributary within the Delaware River Basin. This site is just outside the city of Wilmington, Delaware’s largest city, just south of the thriving riverfront development and the Amtrak station. It was taken by one of my constituents, Mark At-
kins. Along with Mark, more than 200 Delawareans over the past 3 weeks sent my offices photographs that dem-onstrate the importance of the Dela-ware River Basin to each of them. 
We received lots of beautiful photo-
graphs all along the river and bay, from upstate New York along the Pennsylvania and New Jersey side down to the bottom of the basin in the Delaware on both sides of the Delaware River and Bay. 
These photographs tell the story of 
the basin as a home to wildlife—thriv-ing wildlife—in a very well populated area, as a spot for recreation like these rowers here in the photograph, and as a place to enjoy natural beauty. It is truly a beautiful part of our great country. This photo contest we have used to draw support, interest, and at-tention to our effort. I even did a little dance step which was caught on YouTube by my staff to promote this initiative. 
The Delaware River Basin covers 
over 12,500 square miles from Delaware to upstate New York. It is home to more than 8 million people, and the basin provides drinking water to over 15 million people inside and outside the basin. This watershed is not only cul-turally and ecologically important, but it drives the economy of this important region in our country. 
Mr. Speaker, the Delaware River 
Basin Conservation Act would encour-age restoration and protection of the basin through competitive grants and public-private partnerships. We expect lots of partnerships among local gov-ernments up and down all those States and nongovernmental agencies like Ducks Unlimited, the Delaware Nature Society, and many others. 
This legislation has cosponsors from 
both sides of the aisle and every State in the basin—eight Democrats and nine Republicans. When you consider the difficulties we have had in this Con-gress getting bipartisan support of any bill, that speaks to the importance of the basin and to this bill. I want to thank each of those cosponsors for their support. I look forward to work-ing with them. 
So today, Mr. Speaker, I am asking 
Congress to pass this legislation and protect and preserve the Delaware River Basin so Americans from New York State to the great State of Dela-ware can continue enjoying it for many generations to come. 
f 
ENCOURAGING FINANCIAL RE-
SPONSIBILITY AT WEST IREDELL HIGH SCHOOL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, each year, 
more than 600,000 students across all 50 States play the SIFMA Foundation’s celebrated Stock Market Game, an on-line simulation of the global capital markets. The program introduces stu-
dents to economics, investing, and per-sonal finance in order to prepare them for financially independent futures. 
Last week, I had the privilege of vis-
iting West Iredell High School in Statesville, North Carolina, where stu-dents in Ms. Brooke Campbell’s per-sonal finance class were wrapping up participation in the 12th annual Cap-itol Hill Challenge. 
The Capitol Hill Challenge matches 
Members of Congress with students, teachers, and schools competing in the Stock Market Game. The 10 teams with the highest-ranked portfolios at the end of the competition win a trip to Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Speaker, for 14 weeks, nine teams 
from West Iredell managed a hypo-thetical $100,000 online portfolio and in-vested in real stocks, bonds, and mu-tual funds. Unfortunately, no one from the school finished in the top 10, but when the final results were tabulated at the end of the competition, five of the teams increased the value of their online portfolio. For high school stu-dents with little to no experience in-vesting, that is a significant accom-plishment. 
Four of the teams at West Iredell fin-
ished with less money than when they started. However, they lost less than $3,400 combined. As I said to the stu-dents, even great investors like Warren Buffett aren’t bulletproof when it comes to the stock market. They may call him the Oracle of Omaha, but even Warren Buffett gets it wrong some-times. These students made an admi-rable effort and learned important les-sons about the volatility of investing. 
During the visit, Mr. Speaker, I also 
participated in a simulation with stu-dents about the realities of money. Ev-eryone was assigned a job and a salary with which to develop a budget and make purchases. This former educator was a teacher making $60,000 a year, a scenario that definitely hit close to home. 
As part of the simulation, students 
had to purchase a new door for their house. If they paid cash for the door, they discovered it would cost only $300. However, if they bought the door on credit with the terms and conditions offered, they would pay nearly $800 for the same door. Students learned impor-tant lessons about how interest is a 
double-edged sword. When you invest your money, it gains interest. When you buy on credit, you pay interest. 
West Iredell High School and Ms. 
Campbell are doing these students a great service by teaching them the im-portance of financial literacy and en-suring they have a strong financial education. It is my belief the lessons they are learning in the classroom will lead to careful and thoughtful decision-making in the real world. 
f 
THE APPROACHING MEDICAID 
CLIFF IN PUERTO RICO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.008 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2887 May 13, 2015 
Puerto Rico (Mr. P IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, earlier 
this week, I sent a letter to President Obama regarding an approaching prob-lem that is unique to Puerto Rico and the other U.S. territories and that can be called the Medicaid funding cliff. This morning, I rise to advise my col-leagues about this cliff, which each ter-ritory will reach by 2019 and which Puerto Rico could reach by 2018 or even 2017. 
My goal is to ensure that Federal of-
ficials have advance notice of the prob-lem so we can begin working together now on a fair, thoughtful, and bipar-tisan plan to address this problem be-fore it arrives. Timely action is crit-ical. Inaction would be unacceptable from a moral and public policy perspec-tive. 
Let me outline the problem. The ter-
ritories are treated unequally under Medicaid, which is funded in part by the Federal Government and in part by each State or territory government. In the States and D.C., Medicaid is an in-dividual entitlement, meaning there is no limit on the amount of funding the Federal Government will provide so long as the State in question provides its share of matching funds. The Fed-eral contribution, known as FMAP, can range from 50 percent in the case of the wealthiest States to 83 percent in the poorest States. 
By contrast, Mr. Speaker, there is an 
annual ceiling on Federal funding for the Medicaid program in each terri-tory. When I took office in 2009, Puerto Rico—home to 3.5 million American citizens—was subject to a ceiling of $280 million a year and had the min-imum statutory FMAP of 50 percent. Indeed, because of the annual ceiling, our true FMAP was less than 20 per-cent a year. Puerto Rico was spending more than $1.4 billion in territory funds each year to provide healthcare services to about 1.2 million low-in-come beneficiaries and receiving only $280 million from the Federal Govern-ment. 
To place this in context, consider 
Mississippi, which has a 73 percent FMAP. In 2014, Mississippi—home to fewer people than Puerto Rico—paid $1.3 billion in State funds and received $3.6 billion in Federal funds. Or take Oregon with a 63 percent FMAP which paid $1.8 billion in State funds and re-ceived $5 billion in Federal funds. Again, Puerto Rico was receiving just $280 million a year. 
The Affordable Care Act provided a 
total of $7.3 billion in additional Med-icaid funding for the five territories, with Puerto Rico receiving $6.3 billion of that amount. Each territory’s FMAP was also increased from 50 percent to 55 percent. The result is that, instead of receiving about $300 million a year from the Federal Government, Puerto Rico now draws down about $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion annually. 
That is a major increase, and I can 
not adequately express how hard we had to fight for it. But let me be clear. 
Our funding is nowhere close to State- like treatment and remains deeply in-equitable. 
Moreover, Mr. Speaker, this addi-
tional Medicaid funding for the terri-tories expires at the end of fiscal year 2019—the only coverage provision in the law that sunsets in this manner. The Puerto Rico Government has less than $3.6 billion of its $6.3 billion in funding remaining. This is the cliff. It is coming, one way or another; it is just a question of whether it will arrive in 2017, 2018, or 2019. If this pool of funding is not replenished, Puerto Rico will go back to receiving less than $400 million a year. 
In the coming months, I will con-
tinue to brief Federal officials on this subject. I will explain how inaction will deepen the current health, migration, and fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico, and why action is not only in Puerto Rico’s interest, but also in the national inter-est. In short, I will fight as hard to con-tinue this essential funding as I fought to obtain it in the first place. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PETER SHIP-
MAN, CRAFTSMAN FOR THE CAP-ITOL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
F
OXX). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. D OLD) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Peter Ship-man and his many accomplishments for this great institution and his com-munity. He is one of the many unsung champions of this body who kept the House running over the course of his career. 
Peter began his career for the United 
States House of Representatives on No-vember 1, 1979, shortly after graduating from VCU with a degree in arts, spe-cializing in furniture making and de-sign. 
Peter soon established himself as a 
highly regarded craftsman among a shop of senior cabinetmakers. As his passion and talent for his craft became apparent, he soon earned the role of producing more high-profile projects. 
Peter’s drive for perfection, cre-
ativity, and attention to unique details were second to none. Many of his co-workers still are using his techniques today. From the time he became shop foreman until his retirement, Peter had a hand in the design of most of the pieces of newly constructed furniture built by the craftsmen in the Cabinet Shop. His hard work and dedication to his craft and to this House earned him the much sought-after job of shop fore-man in 2001 and, indeed, manager of the shop in 2007. 
Upon his retirement in 2012, Peter 
was asked about his proudest accom-plishments during his service here in the United States House of Representa-tives. Peter said he was ‘‘proudest of the individuals who have made up the Cabinet Shop, Finishing Shop, Drap-ery, Upholstery and Carpet Shops, and 
my association with all past and present individuals who have been part of these groups. Sincerely this is my proudest achievement.’’ 
A small sample of the projects that 
Peter was involved with includes the construction of the Speaker’s Chair, Madam Speaker. He also designed and managed the construction of the podi-ums that we are using here on the House floor, the sideboard for Speaker Gingrich, the hand-painted humming-bird desk for Speaker Foley, and the display cabinets for Leader Bob Michel. 
Examples of Peter’s superior talents, 
along with his loyalty to this House, will live on for many years in the Cap-itol and in the House Office Buildings. His artistic approach to furniture de-sign added a special touch that few craftsmen possess. He was truly dedi-cated to his art and the talented indi-viduals whom he mentored along the way. 
Madam Speaker, he will surely be 
missed by his peers who knew and loved him as well as by the entire House community. Peter is survived by his wife, Jennifer; their son, Walker; stepson, Derek; brother, Tourne; and sisters, Carie, Airlie, and Mellick. Our thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily and his colleagues who continue his tradition of beautiful craftsmanship today. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 59 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
AULSEN ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Larry Kendrick, Archer’s 
Chapel United Methodist Church, 
Brownsville, Tennessee, offered the fol-lowing prayer: 
Father God, we place before Your 
throne of grace this day the United States of America and its government. 
Father, in Your Word, we are told 
that You reprove leaders for our sakes so that we may live a quiet and a peaceable life in godliness and honesty. 
O God, as You anointed leaders and 
called prophets of old, lead us to recog-nize our true representatives and au-thentic leaders, men and women who love Your people, who walk with and among them, who feel their pain and share their joys, who dream their dreams and strive to help them achieve their common goal. 
In Your spirit, empower us to serve 
Your people, to bring praise and glory to Your name. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.010 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2888 May 13, 2015 
We believe today that the hearts of 
these leaders are in Your hands, and their decisions will be divinely directed of the Lord. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. PITTENGER led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND LARRY 
KENDRICK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. F
INCHER ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the pastor who gave our opening prayer this morning, Brother Larry Kendrick, who preaches at my home church, Archer’s Chapel United Methodist Church in Frog Jump, Tennessee. 
I just want to tell him how much we 
appreciate his service to the kingdom. His wife and daughter, Karen and Vicki, are here with him also—and their service to God’s kingdom—and we wish them the best. 
God always be with you. Thank you 
for coming today and opening us up with prayer. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of 
the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AN UNSUNG HERO 
(Mr. BOST asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, sometimes, a 
tragedy has to happen for us to recog-nize unsung heroes. 
On Monday, I received word that 
Lowell Ensel had passed away. Lowell was an intern here in our D.C. office for the past 3 months. His passing was sud-den; it was unexpected, and it was painful to our entire office family. 
He was just 20 years old; but, while 
Lowell’s years have been short, his reach was very long. That was reflected when over 200 students attended a vigil earlier this week at the University of Maryland. 
Lowell’s love of life had a big impact 
on our office as well. He handled every project we gave him with a positive at-titude and a smile on his face. 
I offer my thoughts and prayers to 
Lowell’s parents, Ellen and Fendwick, as well as his extended family and countless friends during this time of suffering, as difficult as it is. 
To my colleagues, I know that each 
one of you have special people like Lowell in your office. These are young people who work long hours for little or no pay because they want to make a difference in this country. 
In honor of Lowell, please take a mo-
ment and thank these unsung heroes that work in our offices every day. 
f 
FUNDING THE VA IS A SACRED 
RESPONSIBILITY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, recently, 
I met with two veterans and their fam-ilies who traveled to Buffalo for med-ical treatment. Initially, I thought they were receiving care at our highly- regarded VA hospital, but in fact, they were brought to Buffalo by Operation Backbone, an organization that works with private doctors to provide spe-cialty care that is not available within the VA system. 
The families expressed frustration 
that they could not obtain through the VA the highly specialized and efficient care they were receiving in Buffalo. It was not until Operation Backbone ar-ranged their treatments and the Buf-falo Sabres hockey team facilitated re-covery that these men received the care they needed. 
I commend Operation Backbone and 
the Buffalo Sabres for their commit-ment to our veterans, but their work is necessary only because Congress is fail-ing in its responsibility to these men and women. When we ask our service-members to put their bodies on the line, we incur a moral obligation to get them the best possible care when in-jury occurs. Last year, Congress provided funding 
for the VA to hire more physician spe-cialists. It was a good first step, but making sure the VA has the resources to care for our veterans is a sacred re-sponsibility that will require our at-tention this year and for many years to come. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA HEROES ON THE 
HONOR FLIGHT TO WASHINGTON 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, this morning, I was especially grateful to meet the Honor Flight members from South Carolina during their trip to Washington. These World War II and Korean war veterans are he-roes for their honorable service in de-fense of American families. 
I appreciate the Honor Flight net-
work, coordinated by Bill Dukes, for enabling these veterans the oppor-tunity to visit the memorials built to honor their service and sacrifices. 
I was privileged to visit with Medal 
of Honor recipient Corporal Kyle Car-penter, a constituent and resident of Lexington, whose service and heroic actions in the United States Marine Corps during Operation Enduring Free-dom saved the lives of countless Amer-icans. 
I have no doubt that, because of Cor-
poral Carpenter’s service, American families are more secure. Thank you, Kyle. And I thank all of the Honor Flight veterans who are visiting today, and thank all the veterans and mili-tary families in South Carolina and across our Nation for your dedication to America. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President by his actions should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Our sympathy to the family of Low-
ell Ensel. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAY 2015 AS 
STROKE AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight my introduction of H. Res. 256, a resolution to recognize May 2015 as Stroke Awareness Month. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly stand here 
today because of our Nation’s commit-ment to greater awareness about stroke and funding to find treatments for stroke survivors. 
Stroke is the fifth leading cause of 
death in the United States, killing nearly 130,000 Americans per year. On average, someone in the United States has a stroke every 40 seconds, while one American dies of stroke every 4 minutes. 
In light of these sobering statistics, I 
am reintroducing my resolution recog-nizing May as Stroke Awareness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.011 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2889 May 13, 2015 
Month. This resolution strives to en-
hance public awareness, urges contin-ued coordination and cooperation be-tween researchers and families, and ad-vocates for improved treatment for in-dividuals who suffer stroke. 
Mr. Speaker, together, we can com-
bat this devastating illness and work together toward long-term solutions to prevent and treat and improve the lives of those suffering from strokes. 
I am a stroke survivor, and I ask my 
colleagues to join me in recognizing May as Stroke Awareness Month. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE PAIN-CAPA-
BLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which would re-strict the practice of abortion after the sixth month of an unborn child’s life. 
Today marks the second anniversary 
of the conviction of Dr. Kermit Gosnell of Pennsylvania, who ran a late-term abortion mill in Philadelphia. Despite media silence about the case, we were able to learn that Dr. Gosnell regularly delivered third-trimester babies and then snipped their spinal cords, their necks, with scissors. 
He used unclean instruments, spread-
ing infections among the women he treated, hospitalizing many of them, if he even allowed an ambulance to be called. Most of his victims were poor. One mother, a Ms. Mongar, died in the process. 
It seems that some Members of this 
body want to regulate things like lightbulbs and rainwater and farm dust, but leave women helpless before the Dr. Gosnells of the world, late-term abortionists driven by profit, undeterred by the painful death of countless innocent lives. 
We must protect these women and 
children by passing the bill. 
f 
WE ARE STARVING OUR NATION’S 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the ma-
jority has found a new way to keep from funding a long-term surface transportation bill within 6 days: keep passing short-term patches. As a re-sult, we are starving the Nation’s in-frastructure. 
Twenty-three States are so desperate 
that they have either raised their State gas taxes or are in the process; still, the states are screaming for Con-gress to have the guts to do the same. State gas taxes were meant to partner with the Federal tax. States can’t do it alone. The States have shown that the public understands the gas tax is a user fee. The roads, bridges, and transit Amer-
ica most needs can’t even be started with short-term patch funding. The people are leading us to their roads and bridges. 
It is time we followed, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
HONORING CHARLOTTE-MECKLEN-
BURG POLICE OFFICERS HARLAN PROCTOR, ASHLEY BROWN, AND SCOTT EVETT 
(Mr. PITTENGER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Charlotte-Mecklen-burg Police Officers Harlan Proctor, Ashley Brown, and Scott Evett, three officers who serve and protect our com-munity. 
In the aftermath of a recent tragic 
domestic violence homicide and arson, Officer Proctor was assigned to drive the victim’s children to the police sta-tion and listened attentively as the children discussed losing everything, including an 8-year-old’s favorite dress. 
Officers Proctor, Brown, and Evett 
thoughtfully contacted Target to track down that favorite dress and, with do-nations from these officers and Target, were able to provide clothes, toys, and gift cards to help the family recover in this distressing time. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues 
to join me in thanking Officers Proc-tor, Evett, and Brown for their humble act of service and to thank all of the brave and dedicated police officers across the United States who put their lives on the line to protect each and every one of us every day and still make time to perform thoughtful acts of kindness in our communities. 
May God bless them. 
f 
b1215 
HIGHWAY AND TRANSIT TRUST 
FUND 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, before I 
begin, I want to offer my condolences to everyone who was affected by the derailment of Amtrak train 188 yester-day. The victims and their loved ones are in our thoughts and prayers today. 
This week, Mr. Speaker, is National 
Infrastructure Week. I rise today to underscore the importance of a long- term reauthorization for the highway and transit trust fund so we can ad-dress the urgent responsibility to re-pair and rebuild our roads, bridges, ports, and transit systems. 
There are just 6 legislative days re-
maining until the expiration of the highway trust fund. We are putting at risk 6,000 infrastructure projects and more than 600,000 jobs. 
The American Association of State 
Highway and Transportation Officials estimates that my home State of Rhode Island could lose $200 million in 
Federal funding, $3 million in Federal transit funding, and 1,689 jobs, and 40 infrastructure projects are at risk. 
Some on the other side of the aisle 
have suggested that we should pass an-other short-term patch rather than a long-term solution to the highway trust fund. If we are serious about re-building our economy, we need to be able to move goods, services, and infor-mation to compete in the 21st century. 
It is critical that we pass a long-term 
reauthorization of the highway trust fund that provides the resources we need to rebuild our crumbling bridges, roads, and schools and helps create good-paying jobs for hard-working Americans. Our constituents deserve nothing less, and our economic recov-ery requires this. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE TREAT AND 
REDUCE OBESITY ACT 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, with 
one in four seniors in America afflicted with obesity at a price of $50 billion a year to Medicare, it is apparent that any attempts to put Medicare on a sound financial path must deal with this disease. That is why I am intro-ducing the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act. The bill removes the exclusion for Medicare part D for covering drugs that treat and reduce obesity and makes more treatment options avail-able for our seniors. 
When Medicare part D was created in 
2006, there were no widely accepted FDA-approved obesity drugs on the market, so they were declared exempt from coverage. However, with signifi-cant medical advances, a number of FDA-approved weight loss drugs are now available, and our Medicare rules should reflect that. 
Mr. Speaker, obesity is responsible 
for nearly 20 percent of the increase in our health care spending over the last two decades, and it is time we take ac-tion to target, treat, and reduce obe-sity. 
f 
HONORING PRINCIPAL MICHAEL P. 
O’MALLEY 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor the achievements of an extraordinary educator from my dis-trict. Michael O’Malley will retire next month after 40 years of service, 30 of which he spent as a social studies teacher and soccer coach before becom-ing principal at Newfound Regional High School in Bristol, New Hamp-shire. 
Under his leadership, the school has 
been named the New Hampshire Sec-ondary School of Excellence in 2010, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.013 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2890 May 13, 2015 
and the State Association of Secondary 
School Principals twice honored Mr. O’Malley as an ‘‘outstanding role model.’’ Even Education Week took no-tice, recognizing the school for its ac-complishments under Mr. O’Malley’s guidance. 
Mr. O’Malley has made a difference 
beyond Newfound High School as well, through his work with the New Eng-land Association of Schools and Col-leges and the Center for Secondary School Redesign. 
Every student deserves a principal 
like Mr. O’Malley, one who is pas-sionate about learning and committed to building relationships with students, while maintaining a focus on edu-cational innovation at the same time. 
As we continue our efforts to in-
crease access to high-quality edu-cation, let’s look to educators like Mr. O’Malley as examples of what dedi-cated schoolteachers can accomplish. 
f 
REFUNDABLE CHILD TAX CREDIT 
ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION RE-FORM ACT 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, it is no secret that a majority of Americans oppose Obama’s amnesty, and I have been fighting against it from day one. As part of my ongoing effort to combat Obama’s amnesty, I am reintroducing my bill to stop illegals from claiming the refundable child tax credit. 
Right now, the IRS does not require 
Social Security numbers for this cred-it. The inspector general said that as a result, illegals can get thousands of dollars from the IRS. It is no surprise that it also encourages more illegals to come here. To stop this, my bill re-quires individuals to provide their So-cial Security number if they want to claim the tax credit. 
Last year, the House passed this 
measure, which was estimated to save taxpayers $24.5 billion. This is a com-monsense bill Americans want, need, and deserve. Let’s get it done. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
ACT 
(Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in opposition to the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Act. 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. An-
other painful piece of legislation in-flicted on the women of this country by people who don’t believe we are smart enough or moral enough to make our own life-changing decisions. 
You want to talk about pain? Let’s 
talk about the agony of a woman who is raped and again violated by unneces-sary government intrusion. Or what about the suffering of a woman and her 
family, knowing that her pregnancy will end in tragedy because her doctor would be sent to jail for saving her life? 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this 
week is National Police Week. 
Every day law enforcement officials 
put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe. Sadly, in my dis-trict, Tarpon Springs Police Officer Charles ‘‘Charlie K’’ Kondek was shot and killed right before Christmas as he patrolled the streets on the midnight shift, while the rest of us slept securely in our homes. 
Police officers don’t have a typical 
day. On average, an officer dies in the line of duty every 58 hours—150 deaths per year. 
This week and every day, we should 
be thankful for the good that police of-ficers do for our communities. Let’s never forget the sacrifices of Officer Kondek and others who have fallen in the line of duty, and let’s be thankful for those who keep our communities safe. God bless them. 
f 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
MOTHER’S DAY REPORT 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, another Mother’s Day has come and gone, and millions of Americans took time out to express their gratitude to their mothers for all the wonderful things they do. But some still have an outdated picture in their minds of their mothers spending all their time home baking cookies when, more typically, American mothers are at a job bringing home the bacon. 
According to a Mother’s Day report 
produced by the Joint Economic Com-mittee, the typical American family has changed dramatically over the last 50 years, and fewer than one in five families match the old stereotype of the father at the job and the mom at home. Today, fully 70 percent of moth-ers are in the labor force because they have to be in the labor force to provide for their families. 
Our lives have changed dramatically, 
but our public policies haven’t kept pace with these changes. For instance, the United States and Papua New Guinea are the only two countries in the world—the only two in the world— that do not provide paid leave for the birth of a child. 
So before another Mother’s Day rolls 
around, let’s give mothers something they really want: policies that allow them to hold well-paying jobs so that they can help provide for their fami-lies. HONORING OFFICER STEPHEN 
ARKELL 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Granite State hero and fallen police officer Stephen Arkell of Brentwood New Hampshire. 
This time last year, the State of New 
Hampshire lost a true Granite State hero. During this time of great sadness, we remember and celebrate the life of not only a tremendous police officer, but also a father, brother, master car-penter, coach, and friend. 
Arkell devoted his life to protecting 
our families and our communities, and ultimately died in the line of duty while responding to a domestic vio-lence dispute. 
As his family, friends, neighbors, and 
fellow police officers knew, Arkell was really one of a kind. The bravery and compassion he demonstrated during his 15 years of service are not—and will not—be forgotten. 
It takes a remarkable individual like 
Stephen Arkell to risk their life daily to keep us safe and protect us from harm. So let us take a moment today and pause, reflect, and celebrate the life and valor of Officer Arkell. He put his life on the line to protect the Gran-ite State, and we are forever grateful. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to really speak to the Amer-ican people. 
First, let me say that I join my col-
leagues in standing, again, on Wednes-day to ask to bring the girls back and to ask that the dastardly group of Boko Haram be brought to justice im-mediately and that they cease their vi-olence in Nigeria. 
I also stand today to ask the incred-
ible question: How can we put on the floor of the House H.R. 36, the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act, which is merely a disregard, disrespect for the Constitution and a woman’s right to choice. I look forward to a vig-orous debate, standing on the side of the Constitution. 
But as I look today, I also realize 
that more of Congress’ work is not done. While we are dealing with vio-lating women’s rights, we are not deal-ing with the highway trust fund bill. 
In my own county of Harris, there 
are 3,616 bridges, and 1,559 of them are deficient. Our citizens are driving over bridges that are destroying the econ-omy, destroying their cars, and stop-ping them from moving about the com-munity in the way that they should. Mothers and fathers and car-poolers and workers are trying to get to work. The total deficiency is 43 percent. 
When are we going to get a long-term 
infrastructure bill? When are we going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.014 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2891 May 13, 2015 
to stand up as Americans and not Re-
publicans and Democrats? Democrats want to stand up with Americans to pass a long-term infrastructure bill. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which is expected to be voted on later today. This legislation, which is based on substantial scientific evidence, establishes Federal legal pro-tection for unborn children at 20 weeks, with limited exceptions in the case of rape or incest. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe this to be one 
of the human rights issues of our day. It has been scientifically proven that the unborn feel pain at 20 weeks and are, in many cases, capable of living outside of the womb. I remain greatly concerned that the United States of America continues to be one of the few countries in the world that allows for abortions this far into pregnancy. 
This commonsense legislation, which 
is supported by 60 percent of all Ameri-cans, seeks to correct this injustice. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 36, and I urge my colleagues to join me and vote to protect the lives of the un-born. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-
day I held a press conference at a bridge in Perth Amboy, in my district, to highlight the dire need to renew the highway trust fund before it expires at the end of this month. This bridge, like thousands of other bridges and roads throughout the country, is in dire need of repair. 
And let me be as clear as I can be: 
unless Republicans in Congress join with Democrats in our commitment to invest in our Nation’s infrastructure, not only will our roads and bridges continue to deteriorate, jobs will be lost, and the economy will suffer. 
Ever since Republicans took control 
of the House in January 2011, they have shown neglect and indifference towards the Nation’s infrastructure needs. In fact, since Republicans assumed the majority in January 2011, the Repub-lican-led Ways and Means Committee has not held a single hearing on financ-ing options for the highway trust fund. All this, despite the U.S. being ranked 16th in quality of infrastructure, be-hind Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates, Japan, and others, according to the World Economic Forum; and the country received a D-plus from civil engineers for our infrastructure na-tionwide. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-
leagues in Congress to quickly extend the highway trust fund. We only have another 6 legislative days. Jobs, eco-nomic strength, and the safety and health of our transportation system are at stake. 
f 
b1230 
CALLING FOR A LONG-TERM 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING BILL TO FIX OUR NATION’S IN-FRASTRUCTURE 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-
brate national Infrastructure Week here in this country, I urge my col-leagues across the aisle to work with us to develop a sensible, long-term so-lution to fix this trust fund and put an end to our infrastructure crisis. 
We need reliable roads, highways, 
and bridges to keep our economy mov-ing, and for almost 60 years we have de-pended on the highway trust fund to make necessary repairs to our Nation’s deteriorating infrastructure. However, the gas tax hasn’t been raised in 20 years and no longer generates enough revenue to meet our needs. 
The highway trust fund faces a seri-
ous and immediate funding shortage. The deadline to fix this is just weeks away—just 6 legislative days. So unless we act now, construction projects across the country will come to a standstill, putting the jobs of 600,000 American workers on the line. Paving our highways and keeping our bridges safe and reliable is one of the most basic jobs of Congress. We have until May 31 to figure this out. Failing is not an option. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF NICK PELLAR, EAGLE SCOUT 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the accomplishments of Nick Pellar. Nick is an Eagle Scout in Troop 13 and is a senior at New Trier High School in north suburban Illinois. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, the Boy 
Scouts of America is the Nation’s larg-est and most prominent values-based youth development organization. The Boy Scouts provide a program for young people that builds character, trains them in the responsibilities of participating in citizenship, and devel-ops personal fitness. 
Nick embodies all of these ideals and 
more. Mr. Speaker, Nick recently earned his 140th merit badge. That means not only does Nick have every single badge available, he actually has earned seven more than you can get today. As Scouts go into the program today, there are only 133 available merit badges. As merit badges are added, some are taken off. He has actu-
ally earned 140 merit badges. 
Eagle Scouts, Mr. Speaker, are some 
of the top 4 percent of Scouts across the country. Nick’s accomplishments put him among the top handful of Eagle Scouts in the entire Nation. 
He is so incredibly accomplished for 
a young man of his age, and this achievement demonstrates his personal dedication and moral fortitude. Mr. Speaker, I have known Nick personally for many years, and I am incredibly proud of this awesome accomplish-ment. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincere congratulations to Nick and wish him the best as he starts college this fall at my alma mater, Denison University. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my unwavering sup-port for the Export-Import Bank of the United States and its chairman, Fred Hochberg. 
In fiscal year 2014 alone, the Ex-Im 
Bank supported approximately $107 million in Nebraska exports. As the bank looks to extend its charter through the end of 2022, Chairman Hochberg graciously accepted my invi-tation to come to Omaha, where he re-cently sat down with several of the Ne-braska firms which work hand-in-hand with the Ex-Im Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I also wish to express 
my support for the many Nebraska firms who work for the bank. Among these are Chief Industries of Kearney, Nebraska, which manufactures grain storage systems and employs 245 full- time workers. For the last 15 years, Chief Industries has worked with the bank to increase its export sales by 1,000 percent. That’s right, 1,000 per-cent. It is this kind of success story which makes clear the significant con-tribution which the Ex-Im Bank makes to our Nation’s economy. 
Among these contributions are the 
1.3 million American jobs the bank has helped create since 2009, while reducing the Federal deficit alone by $7 billion over the last 20 years. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, it has been over a year since the Chibok girls were stolen from their families by Boko Haram. Today I have asked my fellow Congresswomen to join me in wearing red on Wednesdays. Wear red in solidarity with the moth-ers and sisters who fear their stolen daughters and sisters have been sexu-ally assaulted and sold into slavery. 
Soldiers are beginning to capture 
abandoned Nigerian women and girls. So far, not one is a Chibok schoolgirl. So we will continue our advocacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.016 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2892 May 13, 2015 
This week, Madam Speaker, I have 
also asked the gentlemen of Congress to join us in wearing red on Wednes-days. Wear red in solidarity with the fathers and brothers who fear their daughters and sisters are being phys-ically abused and have been married off against their will. 
Until they have returned, we will 
continue to wear red on Wednesdays in solidarity with their families. We will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls, tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Madam Speaker, today 
I rise against H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which should be called the Painful and Op-pressive to Women Act. 
In January, women of the Republican 
Conference were so appalled by H.R. 36 they blocked it from coming to the floor. Four months later it is back. Shameful. 
Madam Speaker, the changes Repub-
licans have made to this legislation are mere smokescreens and have done nothing to alleviate the burdens placed on women who are already grappling with the hard decision of whether or not to terminate a pregnancy. 
H.R. 36 poses grave dangers to 
women. And the American people will not be fooled. Women’s health and per-sonal decisions should be between a woman, her family, and her doctor, not a male-dominated Congress. 
Most abortions take place before 21 
weeks, so many women who have abor-tions later in pregnancy do so because of medical complications and other barriers to access. 
H.R. 36 would harm women in need 
and increase obstacles to obtaining safe and legal abortions. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this legislation. It is really bad. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
WAGNER ) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 13, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 13, 2015 at 9:45 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1075. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 255 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 255 
Resolved, That at any time after the adop-
tion of this resolution the Speaker may, pur-suant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services. After general debate, the Committee of the Whole shall 
rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn chil-dren, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respec-tive designees; and (2) one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the pro-duction of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intel-ligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-
nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 4. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of May 14, 2015, or May 15, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-
ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, House 
Resolution 255 provides for general de-
bate for H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016; provides for a closed rule for consider-ation of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act; and pro-vides for a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act. 
The rule before us today provides for 
general debate for H.R. 1735, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, also known as the NDAA. The NDAA, which has passed Congress and has been enacted for over 50 years in a row, is a vital exercise each year in providing for the common defense, one of our most profound con-stitutional responsibilities. 
The NDAA includes over $600 billion 
in important national security funding, providing resources to each of our four military branches, our nuclear deter-rent, and related agencies. The legisla-tion fully funds the President’s request for funding for our warfighters over-seas and includes important steps to advance Department of Defense acqui-sition policies to ensure we are saving taxpayer dollars and stretching our precious defense dollars as far as pos-sible. 
H.R. 1735 also includes provisions im-
proving military readiness, strength-ening our cyber warfare defenses, and holding the line on keeping terrorists in cells at Guantanamo Bay, not in our States or back on the battlefield. 
This rule also provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act which addresses critical national security investigation concerns while making much-needed changes to pro-tect the privacy of Americans. 
H.R. 2048 prohibits explicitly the 
bulk collection of all records under sec-tion 215 of the PATRIOT Act, the FISA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.018 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2893 May 13, 2015 
pen register authority, and National 
Security Letter statutes. This provi-sion prevents government overreach by ending the indiscriminate collection of records that violates the privacy of all Americans. 
Madam Speaker, this bill also im-
proves transparency, making signifi-cant FISA interpretations available to the public and requiring the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence to disclose how they use these national security authorities. 
Finally, the USA FREEDOM Act en-
sures that national security is strengthened by closing loopholes that prevented tracking of foreign terror-ists, narrowly defining which records the Federal Government may obtain, and enhancing investigations of inter-national proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
b1245 
Madam Speaker, I share the concern 
that our colleagues across the aisle have about the return of the young women taken by Boko Haram and sa-lute their wearing red today and your wearing red today. However, Madam Speaker, I chose to wear pink today be-cause we are dealing with a very sen-sitive issue about unborn children. 
Today’s rule also provides for consid-
eration of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This is important legislation for the House to consider, particularly this week, 2 years after the conviction of Philadel-phia-based late-term abortionist Kermit Gosnell, who was found guilty of first degree murder in the case of three babies born alive in his clinic. 
He killed these children using a pro-
cedure he called ‘‘snipping,’’ which in-volved Gosnell inserting a pair of scis-sors into the baby’s neck and cutting its spinal cord, a procedure that was reportedly routine. 
A neonatologist testified to the 
grand jury that one of the babies, known as Baby Boy A, spent his few moments of life in excruciating pain. Late-term abortions are agonizingly painful, and they are happening all too often in our Nation. Americans have been asking how different those abor-tions are from Gosnell’s ‘‘snipping.’’ Thankfully, they know the answer to those questions and support protecting these nearly fully developed lives. 
A March 2013 poll conducted by The 
Polling Company found that 64 percent of the public supports a law prohibiting an abortion after 20 weeks when an un-born baby can feel pain. Supporters in-cluded 63 percent of women and 47 per-cent of those who identified themselves as pro-choice. 
That finding was not an outlier; it is 
representative of the public’s true be-liefs. According to a 2013 Gallup poll, 64 percent of Americans support prohib-iting second trimester abortions, and 80 percent support prohibiting third trimester abortions. 
Even The Huffington Post found in 
2013 that 59 percent of Americans sup-port limiting abortions after 20 weeks; 
and Cosmopolitan magazine, not known for its traditional values, had an article recently all about the im-pact of smoking by pregnant women on their ‘‘unborn babies.’’ They weren’t blobs of tissue or even fetuses, but ‘‘un-born children.’’ 
Those unborn children can feel pain, 
which is why they are provided anes-thesia when surgery is performed on them in the womb. They can even sur-vive outside the womb, with The New York Times reporting just last week on a study that The New England Journal of Medicine published that found that 25 percent of children born prematurely at the stage of pregnancy covered by this legislation survive. 
There are countless stories—no 
longer so uncommon we would call them miracles—of children surviving and thriving, such as Micah Pickering, who was born right at the stage when this legislation would protect other children in the womb and is now a ‘‘spunky almost 3-year-old,’’ according to his mother. 
The legislation we consider today, 
the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act, is carefully written to ad-vance the consensus of a majority of Americans that these late-term abor-tions should cease. 
In order to maintain that consensus, 
the bill includes provisions allowing abortions in cases of rape or where the life of the mother is in danger. It also provides strong protections for minors who have been sexually assaulted, stop-ping abortionists from ignoring child abuse that enters their facility. 
Most importantly, it protects the 
lives of well-developed, pain-capable children who could well survive outside the womb. America is one of only seven nations that allow elective abortions after 20 weeks, which includes such well-known human rights leaders as North Korea, China, and Vietnam. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would finally put an end to that. 
Madam Speaker, I commend this rule 
and the underlying bills to my col-leagues for their support, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, I appreciate my col-
league yielding me the time. 
I rise today frustrated and angry by 
the state of affairs in the United States. Last night, an Amtrak train derailed which was traveling over the busiest track in the Nation. That trag-edy killed at least six and injured more than 200 who were hospitalized, just days before the highway trust fund is about to expire. Republicans will spend billions of dollars in this bill on war, but let the roads and rails and bridges rot. 
Thirty-eight billion dollars was con-
cealed in a very clever way in the De-fense bill under the OCO account be-cause it does not affect the budget cap; but what are we going to do about the busiest corridor in the United States? 
Nothing—as a matter of fact, according to Politico, on this very day, the Re-publicans in the Appropriations Com-mittee, on a 21–29 vote, defeated an amendment offered by the ranking member, D
AVID PRICE, that would have 
significantly boosted funding for sev-eral transportation programs, includ-ing Amtrak, the very day after this. 
The Baltimore Sun tells us that the 
operations advisory commission for the Northeast corridor says that the esti-mation for loss of service on the cor-ridor for a single day would cost $100 million in travel delays and lost pro-ductivity. 
Six people have died; 200 were hos-
pitalized. Add the medical cost on all of that. It will only take a week or a little bit more to use up the entire ac-count for the amount of money the Ap-propriations Committee is willing to put into Amtrak. 
As we look at that, what we do here— 
saving money and cutting out and dropping everything—has to be the costs that are borne outside by people with their medical costs by the delay by being unable to get the goods and things to market. If I have ever seen a case of pennywise and dollar foolish, this one is it. 
Moreover than that, that isn’t even 
our discussion today. What I really want to talk about here is that the ma-jority’s priorities are so misplaced that they cannot even govern this body in an organized way. 
Today, under this single rule—one 
rule—we will consider a 20-week abor-tion ban, which is unconstitutional, and we know it, but they are going to do it anyway; we will consider bulk data collection under the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act; and then we will also do the general debate for the National Defense Authorization Act. We have an hour to do this rule to talk about those. These bills have no commonality at all, and there is no need at all to entwine them in a single rule. 
The rule is called a grab bag rule 
that governs the floor debate for two or more unrelated pieces of legislation. Debate in this Chamber suffers when many unrelated bills are crammed into a single rule. It is legislative mal-practice, Madam Speaker, practiced here all the time and getting worse term after term. 
Under this procedure, arguments for 
and against multiple measures are interspersed, which leads to disjointed, fragmented, and confusing debates. Furthermore, each bill does not get its due consideration, which harms not only the Rules Committee, but the House of Representatives, and, above all, the American people; but the most egregious use of our time is prioritizing attacking women’s health over every-thing else that is going on in the coun-try. 
This majority has introduced yet an-
other 20-week abortion ban that pro-hibits abortions after 20 weeks based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.021 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2894 May 13, 2015 
on a widely disputed scientific claim 
that a fetus can feel pain at that point in time in a pregnancy, but this is not the first time we have seen this bill. It is not even the first time we have seen it in this Congress, which is only 5 months old. 
Just weeks ago, on the 42nd anniver-
sary of the Supreme Court’s landmark ruling on Roe v. Wade, the majority prepared to bring this bill to the floor, but it was so odious, the provision in it so offensive, that even women in the majority’s own party balked and re-belled against their leadership. The up-roar was so loud that, in the middle of the night, the majority pulled the bill from the floor. 
The first version was bad enough. It 
included abortion exceptions for rape and incest only to reported cases of rape. Within 48 hours, a woman had to go to report that to law enforcement, or she could not be eligible for an abor-tion. The new bill is worse because it says that she has to have 48 hours of counseling, but she can’t get it at the hospital where the abortion would be done, so she has to go from pillar to post. 
The most odious thing that they 
have done is the unmitigated cruelty to the victims of incest. They put an age limit on it. Can you imagine that? It is unbelievable. 
I know that this bill will not go any-
where. I doubt the Senate will even take it up. It is simply something to appease people who believe anything that they hear about this, such as there is abortion on demand. There is not. 
Third trimester abortions are all 
medically necessary, as one of my col-leagues mentioned this morning. If you haven’t talked to any of those women, you don’t know what they have been through. In almost every one of those cases, they desperately want that baby, but sometimes, they have no brains. Sometimes, they are born with no or-gans. They are unable to survive. 
Many times, there is a case of a 
woman who can preserve her reproduc-tive system so that she can have more children. How incredibly cruel it is that we want to take that decision away from the woman and her doctor— whomever she wants to consult, but certainly scientific laws ought to apply—and put it in the hands of legis-lators. 
Maybe we should decide who should 
have gall bladder operations, or maybe we should decide whether broken legs should be treated; we are all-seeing here. What happened here today is dis-gustingly cruel, as I said before. 
The Supreme Court has long held 
that a woman has the unequivocal right to choose abortion care until the point of fetal viability, which is largely accepted by the scientific community to be 24 weeks. 
A 20-week abortion ban brazenly 
challenges the Supreme Court’s stand-ards and deliberately attempts to push the law earlier and earlier into a wom-an’s pregnancy because that is the 
number one issue, and we have been told that. 
When I started working on this issue 
four decades ago, I surely thought, by now, we would not decide whether or not a woman can make a decision about her own health. 
How awful it is that, just less than a 
week after Mother’s Day, when we all are reminded how brilliant and how wonderful they were, how farseeing, how great in their judgment, but we decide that every other woman in the country has not the ability to make de-cisions for herself. 
Enough of these insults, enough of 
practicing medicine without a license, let’s get to the business at hand and fix the rotting infrastructure in the United States of America and make it safe for our fellow citizens to get to work. 
The idea that all those people are 
wounded and hurt today and died be-cause we failed to keep up the tracks in the United States of America, which was known worldwide for its infra-structure and now spends barely a pit-tance on trying to maintain those old tracks—and the mayor of New York had just said he has bridges in New York that are over 100 years old. 
I have the same thing in my district. 
I have bridges over the Erie Canal. Fire trucks can’t even go over them and haven’t been able to for the last dec-ade. 
But, no, we are not going to talk 
about that. We are going to talk about making women do what we want them to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Probably throughout the day, we will 
be setting the record straight on things my colleague has said. Victims of rape can get counseling from a hospital that performs abortion; but most egre-giously, Madam Speaker, the argu-ments raised across the aisle about in-cest are astounding. 
Let me be clear. If a woman is sexu-
ally assaulted and that leads to a preg-nancy, there is a rape exception in this legislation that applies, regardless of the family status of her aggressor or the age of the victim. 
b1300 
As the legislation includes an excep-
tion for all women who are sexually as-saulted, those across the aisle who raise incest appear to believe we should provide special exemptions under Fed-eral law to individuals in consensual incestuous relationships. That boggles the mind. This objection is a shameful distraction from the important debate we are having about protecting well-de-veloped, unborn children from being ripped apart in the womb. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. I appreciate the 
work of my colleague from North Caro-lina. Madam Speaker, 2 years ago today, 
America was awakened to the horrors of the abortion industry as abortionist Kermit Gosnell was convicted of mur-dering three innocent, newborn infants in his filthy abortion complex, and one of his former employees reported near-ly 100 other living babies who were also murdered. 
Gosnell cut the spines of crying 5- 
month-old babies who survived his first attempts to kill them, and our human dignity makes it impossible to ignore that image. He further brutalized the mothers—killing two of them by drug overdose; with filthy, unsanitary in-struments; and by perforating their wombs and bowels. 
It is no less painful for babies to have 
their spines snipped before birth than by Gosnell after birth. By 5 months, if not before, babies can feel pain—in-tense pain. It is simply barbaric to allow Gosnell or anyone else to rip these babies apart, limb by limb, whether they are in or out of their mothers’ wombs. 
That is why we must take a stand 
today to protect the defenseless unborn and pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
for her work on this bill that shows she is strong and protective of women. 
Madam Speaker, I want to speak 
about where this bill started. 
The District of Columbia was the 
stalking horse for H.R. 7 until women’s groups and I protested vigorously. 
Sorry, colleagues. 
We may have chased the majority 
from the D.C. 20-week abortion bill only to see them now target all of the Nation’s women with an even worse bill. However, not even the Republican majority can overrule the Roe v. Wade holding that H.R. 36 is unconstitu-tional for lowering the Court’s as well as scientific findings on when a fetus becomes viable. 
H.R. 36 focuses on a previability 
fetus, but it excludes any protection for the health of the woman involved. Shamefully, even traumatized rape vic-tims are punished further by steps that require that they virtually prove they were raped before they can get an abor-tion. 
My colleagues, now is the time to op-
pose H.R. 36. The Supreme Court al-ready has. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank 
the gentlewoman. 
Madam Speaker, this is a very com-
monsense bill, H.R. 36, which is being presented by my colleague Mr. F
RANKS  
from Arizona. 
Why do we have to do this? I am 
going to tell you something. 
It is because scientific evidence now 
shows that unborn babies can feel pain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.023 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2895 May 13, 2015 
by 20 weeks postfertilization and, like-
ly, even earlier. It is because a late- term abortion is an excruciatingly painful and inhumane act against chil-dren who are waiting to be born and against their mothers. It is because women who terminate pregnancies at 20 weeks are 35 times more likely to die from abortion than they are in the first trimester, and they are 91 times more likely to die from abortion at 21 weeks or beyond. It is because, after 5 months into a pregnancy, the baby is undeni-ably a living, growing human, and the government’s first duty is to protect innocent life. It is because, overwhelm-ingly, most Americans—and I am talk-ing about men and women, young and old—support legislation to protect these innocent people. It is because the hideous case of Kermit Gosnell in Philadelphia is a brutal reminder of what can occur without this type of legislation in place. 
H.R. 36 would federally ban almost 
all abortions from being performed be-yond the 20th week of pregnancy with exceptions for instances of rape, incest, or when the life of the mother is at stake. 
I want to tell my colleagues to just 
think of how little effort it would be today to take their voting cards out, to put them in the machine, and to press on the green button. By doing that, they are saying ‘‘yes’’ to protecting the most vulnerable people in our society from going through unbelievable amounts of pain. 
Isn’t it amazing that, in America’s 
House, we have to pass legislation to protect the most innocent life? This is incredible that we have to even come forward and debate this. My goodness. This is just so intuitive of who we are, not as Republicans or Democrats, but as human beings. We have to protect the unborn because they cannot pro-tect themselves. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this today. Let’s make sure that our chil-dren are not subjected to this pain and that their mothers are not subjected to the same pain and to the resulting loss of life. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), co-chair of the Pro-Choice 
Caucus. 
Ms. D EGETTE. Madam Speaker, in 6 
days, the highway trust fund expires. So what is Congress spending its time doing today? Of course, it is debating a bill that will limit a woman’s access to a safe and legal medical procedure and that will place politicians in a place they should never be—between a woman and her doctor. Ask your moth-er, your sister, your daughter, your wife, or your neighbor, and she will tell you that women don’t need politicians’ interference when making their own healthcare decisions. Yet here we are again today, debating a bill that does just that. 
Everybody remembers that this bill 
was pulled from the floor in January because it was so extreme, but, today, the bill that is on the floor is even 
worse than the bill that they pulled in January. 
H.R. 36 is particularly harmful to vic-
tims of rape and incest. Women who have had unbelievable trauma would be effectively forced to get permission be-fore they could seek the medical treat-ment that they needed to regain some control over their bodies, their health, and their safety. They would have to jump through complex and punitive legal hoops before they could have the procedures that they need. Therefore, somebody who has been victimized once would end up being victimized again by our government. 
Let’s be clear. The new provisions in 
this law include a number of burden-some requirements on rape and incest victims: 
First, there is a waiting period of 48 
hours for an adult rape survivor; 
Second, there is a requirement that a 
minor who is a victim of rape or incest would give written proof after 20 weeks that she reported the crime to law en-forcement or to a government agency. A minor who is a victim of incest has to do this. There is language that specifies that the counseling or med-ical treatment described above may not be from a health center that pro-vides abortion services. So let’s say she goes to her doctor, and she gets coun-seling, but someone else in that med-ical practice provides abortion. She is out of luck. If she doesn’t thread that needle, too bad. She can’t get it. 
Perhaps the most outrageous thing 
about this bill, though, is the funda-mental disrespect that it shows to women. It assumes that women will just wake up in this country after 20 weeks of pregnancy, decide to have abortions, and then lie about being vic-tims of rape or incest. That view is just wrong, and it is offensive to women. 
By the way, as Ms. S
LAUGHTER men-
tioned, this bill is patently unconstitu-tional, and even if it didn’t get vetoed by the President, it would be struck down by the Supreme Court. I suggest that we vote ‘‘no’’ now and that we re-spect women’s ability to make their own health decisions. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, the 
claim that minors have to report to law enforcement is false. They do not need to report anything to law enforce-ment. The law provides that the abor-tionist must report to social services or to law enforcement to ensure that they do not let child abuse that comes to their attention continue unchecked. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). 
Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, this is 
a bill that is protecting babies who can survive outside the womb. These are babies who can feel pain. Knowing that this institution won’t stand up for those vulnerable children in our soci-ety is a sad day for this institution. 
I have seven children. This is my 
sixth. This is MariV. This picture was taken with the two of us the day she was born. She is now 5 years old, and she is gregarious, awesome, fun—the 
most beautiful joy in our family. The way the law stands today is that, the day before this picture was taken, it would have been legal to have aborted MariV. 
I want to talk about women’s rights. 
This is a little girl. This is a little baby girl who will one day grow up to be a woman. Let’s stand up and protect this little girl, not the day that she was born only, but also the day that she was in the womb. Let’s protect her from the pain of abortion, from the si-lent screams of those babies who were aborted in the womb who aren’t heard because they don’t have voices in this institution defending them. 
Madam Speaker, I listen to the floor 
debate day after day, whether in this Chamber or on C–SPAN, and I hear the other side talk about how they fight for the forgotten, how they fight for the defenseless, how they fight for the voiceless, and they pound their chests, and they stomp their feet. You don’t have anyone in our society that is more defenseless than these little ba-bies. 
I believe in life at conception. I know 
my colleagues are not going to agree with me on that, but can’t we come to-gether as an institution and say that we are going to stand with little babies who feel pain? that we are going to 
stand with little babies who can sur-vive outside the womb—ones who don’t have lobbyists, who don’t have money, who can’t rally, who can’t offer con-tributions to one’s campaign? Don’t we stand with those little babies? 
If you stand with the defenseless, 
with the voiceless, you have to stand with little babies. Don’t talk to me about cruelty in our bill when you look at little babies being dismembered and feeling excruciating pain. If we can’t stand to defend these children, what do we stand for in this institution? What do we stand for in America if we can’t stand up for the most defenseless and voiceless among us? 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
want to just correct my friend from North Carolina, who said that nothing has to be reported to law enforcement. 
It reads: if pregnancy is the result of 
rape against a minor or incest against a minor and if the rape or incest has been reported to either, one, a govern-ment agency legally authorized to act on reports of child abuse or, two, law enforcement. 
I hope my colleague stands corrected. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). 
Ms. SPEIER. I thank my colleague 
from New York. 
Madam Speaker and Members, I am 
just so perplexed by our willingness every time an abortion issue is brought up that we don the equivalent of a white coat, that we believe that we are doctors in this august body, that we should be making decisions on behalf of women who are pregnant and on be-half of their spouses and of their physi-cians, and that we know better than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.026 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2896 May 13, 2015 
everyone else. If we had women in 
America who saw their doctors as fre-quently as we talk about their health on the House floor, boy, they would have a lot of access to doctors. 
Four months ago, this bill was taken 
up, and many of the women in the Re-publican caucus thought it went too far, so it has been amended a little bit, and now they think it doesn’t go too far. Let me tell you what ‘‘too far’’ is. 
First of all, remember that only 1.5 
percent of abortions take place after 20 weeks. They take place for a lot of per-sonal and profoundly physical reasons, and the decision is made by the physi-cian in conjunction with the pregnant woman and her family. What in the heck are we doing putting our noses in their lives? 
b1315 
It is constitutional, Members; it is 
legal in this country to have an abor-tion. 
Now, rape. If you are raped, and it is 
after 20 weeks, you have to go to a law enforcement officer or you have to have mental health services. 
Now, let me remind you, of the sex-
ual assaults that take place in the military, 81 percent of them are never reported. When you are raped, the last thing you want to do is relive that ex-perience, to be victimized again be-cause you are so offended and feel so violated. And now we are going to say, whether you are 17 or 19, you are going to have to go report this to law en-forcement or you are going to have to go to a mental health officer. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. SPEIER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding me the additional time. 
Beyond that, we are saying if there is 
an anomaly and your fetus is not going to be able to survive as an infant out-side the womb that you are going to have to carry that to term. 
Ladies and gentlemen, let me say 
this: I have had two abortions. One was at 10 weeks, when the fetus no longer had a heartbeat, and I was told, Well, you are going to have to wait a few days before you have that D&C. A D&C is an abortion. I said, I can’t. I am in so much pain. I have just lost this baby that I wanted, and you are going to make me carry around a dead fetus for 2 days? I finally got that D&C in time. At 17 weeks, I lost another baby. It was an extraordinarily painful experience. It was an abortion. 
Women who go through these experi-
ences go through them with so much pain and anguish, and here we are as Members of this body, trying to don another white coat. I think we should put the speculums down. I think we should stop playing doctor. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Indiana (Mrs. W ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today because I believe that all human life is worth protecting. Each of 
us are here today because we all stand for something greater. We believe that all human life is precious. We believe that each life is worth living, that life deserves respect and protection, and every human being has equal worth and dignity. That is why everybody matters. That is why everyone counts. 
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-
tection Act protects life, empowers women, and will save lives. This legis-lation represents the will of the Amer-ican people. Over 60 percent of Ameri-cans support protecting unborn chil-dren after 20 weeks. 
A critical component of this legisla-
tion ensures that women receive coun-seling or medical care for a traumatic event that precipitated her pregnancy prior to obtaining an abortion. Because the pain of an abortion is felt by both mother and child, a woman who feels that abortion is her only option over halfway through her pregnancy de-serves medical treatment and emo-tional assistance beyond what can be provided by an abortionist. 
We have a responsibility, as the 
elected body representing our constitu-ents, to protect the most vulnerable among us and ensure that women fac-ing unwanted pregnancies do not face judgment or condemnation but have positive support structures and access to health care to help them through their pregnancies. This bill protects life. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
One of our former colleagues, Barney 
Frank from Massachusetts, made one of the most telling statements, I think, that many of the people who are speak-ing today obviously, by their actions, believe that life begins at conception but ends at birth, because these are often the very same people who refuse to fund schools, who cut back on food stamps, who pay no attention to chil-dren who grow up under unseemly, un-sanitary, and dreadful conditions, who take away from their parents the un-employment insurance on which they might be able to live and keep the chil-dren together. 
That callous disregard of the living 
makes the piety of the statement of how they love life a little bit odd. You have to practice that for the living as well. The children and the neglected in this country, the rates are becoming appalling. The number of children who live under the poverty line in America, who suffer every day, frankly, who get the only food they get often at school, if they are able to get there, should really somehow soften the hearts of all the people who want to make sure that every fetus is born. 
Nobody has to have an abortion, but 
for women who need it for medical rea-sons and are protected by the Constitu-tion and make that decision—and how awful it is—and I have to echo what Ms. S
PEIER said and what I said earlier, 
the idea that Members of the House of Representatives or any other legal 
body—I have been in three. Many have usually carried this debate and decided what women should do, but in the three legislatures I have been in, I have seen people with no medical experience of any sort, never talk to anybody who was in the position, but I also do know people who change their minds when their daughters perhaps got into a posi-tion where they had to make that deci-sion or not. 
So, for heaven’s sakes, let’s examine 
really what we do here in this House of Representatives. As you say what you are going to do, tell me that you are going to make sure that children are fed, that you are going to make sure that children are housed decently, that you are going to make sure that they are able to afford their education, and that the health care they are going to need is going to be there for them so they have the opportunity to grow up into a healthy, strong American that you are talking about, because the ac-tions belie it. 
I will never forget the pain that we 
suffered in here while doing away with the unemployment insurance. People lost their homes, gave up almost every-thing. In some cases they sent their children to live with relatives. We can’t divorce this debate today from that reality in America. 
Go visit in your districts some of the 
children who live that way. Go into some of the poor areas and see what their housing is like. See what kind of nutrition that they have, and then it makes it much more palatable, I think, to understand that real point of view. But isn’t a piece a whole piece, and what it really comes down to is that once people are born in this country that we are our brother’s keeper, and Hillary Clinton was absolutely right: it does take a village to raise a child. Do your part on that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, 2 years ago today Pennsyl-vania abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell was convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill, and involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to life imprisonment. 
Even though the news of Gosnell’s 
child slaughter was largely suppressed by the mainstream media, many of my colleagues may remember that Dr. Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where women died and countless babies were dismembered or chemically destroyed, often by having their spinal cord snipped, all gruesome procedures causing excruciating pain to the victim. 
Today, the House considers landmark 
legislation authored by Congressman T
RENT FRANKS to protect unborn chil-
dren beginning at the age of 20 weeks postfertilization from these pain-filled abortions. 
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-
tection Act is needed now more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.027 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2897 May 13, 2015 
ever because there are Gosnells all over 
America, dismembering and decapi-tating pain-capable babies for profit: men like Steven Brigham of New Jer-sey, an interstate abortion operator— some 35 aborted babies were found in his freezer; men like Leroy Carhart, caught on videotape joking about his abortion toolkit, complete with, as he said, a pickaxe and drill bit, while de-scribing a 3-day-long late-term abor-tion procedure and the infant victim as ‘‘putting meat in a Crock-Pot.’’ 
Some euphemistically call this 
choice, but a growing number of Amer-icans rightly regard it as violence against children, and huge majorities— 60 percent, according to the November Quinnipiac poll—want it stopped. 
Fresh impetus for this bill came from 
a huge study of nearly 5,000 babies, preemies, published last week in The New England Journal of Medicine. The next day The New York Times article titled ‘‘Premature Babies May Survive At 22 Weeks If Treated’’ touted the Journal’s extraordinary findings of sur-vival and hope. 
Just imagine, Madam Speaker, 
preemies at 20 weeks are surviving, as technology and medical science ad-vances. Alexis Hutchinson, featured in The New York Times story, is today a healthy 5-year-old who originally weighed in at a mere 1.1 pounds. Thus, the babies we seek to protect from harm today may indeed survive if treated humanely, with expertise and with an abundance of compassion. 
I urge support for the legislation. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would like to read from patients’ 
stories that I have here today, starting with the fact that women need access to abortion care later in pregnancy for a variety of reasons and must have the ability to make decisions that are right for them, in consultation with their healthcare providers and those they trust. A woman’s health, not poli-tics, should be the basis of important medical decisions. 
Kris from Indiana. When Kris went 
on her 20-week ultrasound, she thought she would learn the sex of her preg-nancy but, instead, found out that her fetus had cystic hygroma and fetal hydrops. The doctor advised her there was no chance of survival. The only two options were to wait until she mis-carried, which would risk her health and her future fertility, or to safely terminate the pregnancy. Kris said it was a hard decision, but she was happy she was able to make it with her fam-ily and those she trusted. Because of a 20-week ban in Indiana, she had to travel to Ohio to obtain her abortion care. If H.R. 36 were passed, she would have no place to go. 
Lorna from Florida. Lorna is a moth-
er of three, with a number of health issues, including lupus, a tumor on her upper intestines, and two uterine abra-sions. When Lorna found out she was pregnant, she knew immediately that the carrying of the pregnancy to term 
was not an option for her. She had hemorrhaged while giving birth to her last child, and her sister, who also had lupus, had died after giving birth. Lorna didn’t want to risk another po-tentially dangerous delivery and poten-tially leave her three children without a mother, and she went to the closest abortion care facility, got a free ultrasound, but was unable to obtain an abortion because of her health issues. The clinic recommended that Lorna obtain abortion care in a hos-pital setting, but due to her complex condition, the closest hospital that could handle her healthcare needs was in California. With help from the clinic and the NAF Hotline, Lorna was able to fly more than 2,000 miles to Cali-fornia to obtain the abortion care she needed at almost 22 weeks pregnant. She would not be able to do that under this bill. 
Josephine from Florida. Josephine 
recently moved from Texas to Florida with two children to escape her abusive partner after he threatened to kill her. While trying to create a new stable home for her children, Josephine was raped and became pregnant. She couldn’t afford to pay for her abortion, nor could she arrange for transpor-tation to get to the closest provider, who was more than 80 miles away, so Josephine attempted to terminate the pregnancy on her own by ingesting poi-son. She ended up being hospitalized, needing several blood transfusions, and was still pregnant. By the time she was able to gather enough resources to cover her abortion procedure and transportation, she was 23 weeks preg-nant and would not have been able to do that under this law. 
Mya lives in Georgia. She and her 
mom tried borrowing money from friends and family to pay for her abor-tion but couldn’t gather enough re-sources in time for her appointment, so they had to delay the care and resched-ule. By the time Mya was able to raise enough money to make her appoint-ment, she found out she was further along in the pregnancy than she ex-pected and was now 21 weeks pregnant. She was able to access care, but if H.R. 36 were the law, she would have been prohibited. 
Niecy from Florida was raped by a 
man she thought was her friend. When she realized she was pregnant due to the rape, she knew immediately she wanted to terminate the pregnancy. As a full-time student, she had no income and couldn’t tell her mom because she knew her mom would try to keep the pregnancy due to her mom’s anti- choice religious beliefs. Niecy spent 2 months trying to raise enough money to pay for her procedure. She had noth-ing to pawn or sell and was so des-perate that she even asked the rapist for money, but he refused to help her. 
b1330 
When Niecy was past 20 weeks, she 
was finally put in touch with the NAF Hotline and other funds available to 
provide the financial money that she needed. 
Serafina from South Carolina started 
a new job and was working to build a stable life for her and her two kids in a homeless shelter when she found out she was pregnant. She decided termi-nating her pregnancy was the best de-cision for herself and her family. They had no home. 
Unfortunately, Serafina found out 
that she was already more than 20 weeks pregnant. She had no items to pawn or sell, living in a shelter. Thanks to a friend willing to help her with money and a ride—and support— Serafina was able to get the care she needed, which she could not do if H.R. 36 were passed. 
Gloria from Washington moved in 
with her parents in order to financially support them when she was faced with an unwanted pregnancy. 
Do you notice in all of this, the men 
involved don’t have to pay anything or do anything at all? Isn’t that a strange circumstance? 
When Gloria was faced with the un-
wanted pregnancy, she was fortunate to be working, but was only making minimum wage and had no paid sick leave and was still in her 90-day new job probationary period. Even after re-ceiving her paycheck, she didn’t have enough funds to continue supporting her family to travel to the nearest abortion care provider 3 hours away and pay for the procedure itself. 
Eventually, she decided not to pay 
her other bills in order to have enough funds to cover her travel and care, but then she ran into another barrier: her boss. Because the provider was more than 150 miles away, she needed to take time off work, but her employer wouldn’t allow her to do so. The situa-tion placed the job she desperately needed in jeopardy and, fortunately, her boss eventually relented and she was able to obtain the abortion care she needed. 
I will rest my case, and I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to first 
express my deepest and sincerest grati-tude to every last person who played a role in the creation and development of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act now before us on this unique and historic day. 
Madam Speaker, we really under-
stand what we are all talking about here. Protecting little pain-capable un-born babies really is not a Republican issue or a Democrat issue. It really is a test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. 
I would just hope that Members of 
Congress, as well as all Americans, will go to paincapable.com and see for themselves what technology is now upon us in 2015; that unborn children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.029 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2898 May 13, 2015 
entering their sixth month of preg-
nancy are capable of feeling pain is now beyond question. 
The real question that remains is: 
Will those of us privileged to live and breathe in this, the land of the free and the home of the brave, finally come to-gether and protect mothers and their little innocent pain-capable unborn ba-bies from monsters like Kermit Gosnell? That is the question, Madam Speaker. 
God help us to do it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I 
stand here as a proud sponsor of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This is strong, commonsense legis-lation focused on protecting the lives of unborn children and their mothers, and I am very happy that this new lan-guage is even stronger than the origi-nal bill in January. 
As a doctor, I know—and I can at-
test—that this bill is backed by sci-entific research showing that babies can indeed feel pain at 20 weeks, if not before. That is why it is so important we stand up for life and stand up for this human rights issue. This is a pro- life effort that deserves bipartisan sup-port. 
I fully urge passage of this rule. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
Mr. BENISHEK. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the rights of the unborn and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the rule for the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
I, along with many of my constitu-
ents in northern Michigan, believe that life inside the womb is just as precious as life outside the womb and that it must be protected. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act will pre-vent abortions from occurring after the point at which many scientific studies have demonstrated that children in the womb can actually feel pain. All chil-dren, even the unborn, have the abso-lute right to life, and we need to do our utmost to protect the most defenseless among us. 
I served as a doctor in northern 
Michigan, where I was able to witness the miracle of new life in the delivery room. Because of this, and because of my experience as a father and as a grandfather, I have made protecting the rights of the unborn my priority while serving in Congress. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ). Mr. BOUSTANY. Madam Speaker, as 
a medical doctor, I took an oath to pro-tect lives. As a cardiothoracic surgeon for many years, I worked day and night to save lives in the operating room. Today, I stand proudly with my col-leagues here on the House floor to de-fend the lives of those poor, innocent unborn children who don’t have any-body else to stand up to defend them. 
The scientific evidence is clear: un-
born babies feel pain. They feel pain at 20 weeks postfertilization. This bill bans late-term abortions, with very limited exceptions. 
According to the Charlotte Lozier In-
stitute, the United States is currently one of only seven countries worldwide, including North Korea and China, that allows elective late-term abortions. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-
et Office estimates enacting this bill will save 2,750 lives each year. Twenty- four States, including my home State of Louisiana, have already acted to ban these late-term abortions. 
I urge my colleagues to be compas-
sionate. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act so that unborn lives in all 50 States are protected from painful late-term abortions. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
South Dakota (Mrs. N OEM). 
Mrs. NOEM. Madam Speaker, today, 
I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act. This is a strong bill that pre-vents abortions after 20 weeks, except in certain circumstances, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill today. 
As a mother of three, I know the 
worry and anxiety that comes along with carrying a child. And many times, that worry doesn’t end after birth. I still think about my children with con-cern every day, and I understand the difficulties and the decisions that many women have during this time. 
Motherhood is a big responsibility 
and a huge change. As a community, we need to help women through this time. But we also have the responsi-bility to come together as a country and protect the most innocent and the vulnerable among us. 
In this bill, we are talking about pro-
tecting unborn babies that are already 20 weeks old and mothers who are half-way through their pregnancy. That is about 5 months. At this stage, many women already have a baby bump and they are wearing maternity clothing. The baby can be as long as a banana is and kicking and moving around, even to the point where the mother will feel those kicks and that movement. 
More importantly, this is the stage 
where we know the baby can feel pain and could be viable outside the womb with proper care. In fact, there is evi-dence that the pain that the unborn baby feels is even more intense than what a young child or an adult would 
feel because their nervous system isn’t developed enough to block that pain. 
The majority of women in the United 
States are with us on this bill. We must protect these innocent lives when they are the most vulnerable and sen-sitive among us to feeling pain. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act. 
Scientific evidence has demonstrated 
that by 20 weeks, unborn babies are able to feel pain; and thanks to ongo-ing medical improvements, premature babies at this stage are increasingly able to live outside the womb. 
This bill will protect unborn babies 
20 weeks and older from having to suf-fer the excruciating pain of an abortion death. Abortions are brutal and ex-tremely painful, where the child is ei-ther dismembered or poisoned. 
H.R. 36 will punish abortionists who 
violate the law, while adding impor-tant additional protections for unborn children and their mothers. 
Every life at this stage is a precious 
gift from God, and we, as Americans, should continue to protect life. This bill will do just that. 
Madam Speaker, I urge full support 
of the rule and for this legislation. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, let me continue with Amy 
from South Carolina. This is somewhat different but certainly poignant. 
Amy and her husband, Chris, were 
very excited about their pregnancy. Amy’s previous pregnancies had been uncomplicated, so they decided to fore-go genetic testing. However, during the scheduled 20-week ultrasound, the cou-ple received the devastating news that their fetus had a structural and lethal abnormality known as trisomy 18. They were advised to go in for further genetic testing, which was very expen-sive. 
The results to confirm this diagnosis 
took an additional 10 to 14 days, so Amy was past 20 weeks’ gestation when she made the decision to obtain an abortion. With a nationwide 20-week ban, couples like Chris and Amy would not have been able to make decisions that were right for themselves and their families. 
Karina from Arizona. The night be-
fore Karina called the NAF Hotline, she literally slept against a lamppost. She is homeless and makes and sells jewelry in order to buy food. She can’t afford housing. 
She called the hotline because she re-
alized she was pregnant after being raped by the father of her five children. Even though she was raped, Arizona Medicaid would not cover her abortion care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.030 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2899 May 13, 2015 
She could barely afford food most 
days and could not afford the cost of the abortion, so she had to delay her care. Thanks to multiple abortion funds, including the hotline fund and a discount from her care provider, she was able to obtain the abortion she needed. This bill would stop that. 
Catherine from Georgia. Catherine 
was planning on carrying her preg-nancy to term, even though she had a number of pregnancy complications, including having to receive blood transfusions throughout the preg-nancy. 
When she was post 20 weeks preg-
nant, Catherine found out her fetus had an anomaly. She had placed a child up for adoption in the past, so she knew that adoption was not an option for her again, nor was parenting this preg-nancy. 
She started to save money and tried 
pawning the title to her car but was told it was too old and worth nothing. Catherine was able to borrow money from friends, and called the hotline to find an abortion provider. 
The night before her appointment, 
she said even though she knew she was making the right decision, she was nervous about the protesters who would be outside the clinic. The next day, she did not let the protesters yelling at her scare her away. She was able to obtain the care that she needed. 
Madam Speaker, I have just received 
news that the death toll has risen to seven in the Amtrak tragedy. 
It is past time to focus on the real 
priorities that face our country, and I will insert into the R
ECORD articles 
from The Baltimore Sun and Politico that I referred to previously. 
[From the Baltimore Sun, May 13, 2015] 
(By Kevin Rector and Jessica Anderson) 
The derailment in Philadelphia of an Am-
trak passenger train headed north from Washington and through multiple stops in Maryland left dozens of people injured and killed six—including a midshipman from the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis. 
The academy notified its brigade of the 
death early Wednesday morning. 
‘‘I speak for the brigade of midshipmen, 
the faculty and staff when I say we are all completely heartbroken by this,’’ said Cmdr. John Schofield, an academy spokesman. 
The midshipman, who was not identified, 
was headed home on leave, the academy said. It did not say where the midshipman boarded the train. 
An online timetable for Train 188, which 
was carrying a total of 238 passengers and five crew members, shows it had been sched-uled to pass through Baltimore’s Penn Sta-tion and several other stops in Maryland prior to reaching Philadelphia on Tuesday night, though it remained unclear Wednes-day morning how many passengers boarded the train at those stations. 
Officials said the train derailed at 
Frankford Junction in North Philadelphia shortly after 9 p.m. The online schedule had it departing Penn Station at 7:54 p.m. 
The timetable also includes an original 
scheduled departure from Washington’s Union Station at 7:10 p.m., and subsequent departures from New Carrollton at 7:22 p.m. and BWI Thurgood Marshall Airport at 7:37 p.m. prior to the train’s reaching Penn Sta-tion. After Penn Station, the train was sched-
uled to depart Aberdeen at 8:16 p.m., Wil-mington, Del., at 8:43 p.m. and Philadelphia at 9:10 p.m., according to the online sched-ule. 
Amtrak did not immediately respond to 
questions early Wednesday as to whether Train 188 made all of its locally scheduled stops and how many people boarded at each, or if it was on schedule. 
On Wednesday morning, Lisa Bonanno 
stood in Penn Station looking at an elec-tronic train schedule above, trying to figure out how to get to work in Washington. Bonanno said she was aboard Train 188 Tues-day night, but got off in Baltimore before its derailment in Philadelphia. 
‘‘I was on that train last night,’’ she said. Bonanno said she would probably end up 
taking a MARC train to work, given some delays, but that the derailment in Philadel-phia would not deter her from riding Amtrak in the future. 
‘‘This is very unusual,’’ she said. ‘‘Driving 
is so much worse.’’ 
The derailment happened in Port Rich-
mond, one of five neighborhoods in what’s known as Philadelphia’s River Wards, dense rowhouse neighborhoods located off the Delaware River. Area resident David Her-nandez, whose home is close to the tracks, heard the derailment. 
‘‘It sounded like a bunch of shopping carts 
crashing into each other,’’ he said. 
The crashing sound lasted a few seconds, 
he said, and then there was chaos and screaming. 
The derailment was the deadliest incident 
involving an Amtrak train on the Northeast Corridor since the Maryland collision be-tween an Amtrak train and a Conrail freight engine near Chase, in which 16 people were killed and another 175 were injured. 
Officials expect the death toll of Tuesday’s 
derailment could increase as investigators continue to move through the wreckage. The Naval Academy said grief counselors were on hand at its Annapolis campus for grieving midshipmen, faculty and staff. 
Navy Secretary Ray Mabus expressed his 
condolences to the brigade during previously scheduled morning remarks at the academy, which wrapped up its academic year on Tues-day. 
The Northeast Corridor, which runs from 
Washington to Boston, is the busiest stretch of passenger rail line in the country, serving 750,000 passengers and 2,000 commuter, inter-city and freight trains per day, according to the Northeast Corridor Infrastructure and Operations Advisory Commission. 
The commission has estimated that a loss 
of service on the corridor for a single day would cost $100 million in travel delays and lost productivity. Workers who ride trains on the corridor contribute $50 billion to the U.S. economy annually, the commission has found. 
Locally, the corridor is used for Amtrak 
and freight trains as well as the Maryland Transit Administration’s passenger MARC train service. Baltimore, a traditional rail-road town, has some of the system’s oldest infrastructure. 
The Baltimore & Potomac Tunnel under 
West Baltimore, for instance, is 140 years old and a key choke point for Amtrak and other rail traffic, forcing trains to slow their speeds substantially. It has been slated to be replaced, though Amtrak officials have ques-tioned whether funding will be provided to cover the estimated $1.5 billion price tag. 
In a statement on the derailment Tuesday, 
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said her ‘‘heart aches’’ for the passengers who were on the train. 
‘‘Amtrak service is a way of life for so 
many of our city residents, as well as visi-tors from all across the Northeast who com-
mute to, from and through our city every day,’’ Rawlings-Blake said. ‘‘My prayers are with the families of those who lost their lives in this tragedy. We will support the re-covery efforts in every way possible as au-thorities work to identity the cause of the crash.’’ 
Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter, who 
called the scene of the derailment ‘‘an abso-lute disastrous mess’’ on Tuesday night, said Wednesday that the train’s black box had been recovered and was being analyzed. 
Amtrak said rail service on the busy 
Northeast Corridor between New York and Philadelphia had been stopped. Nutter, cit-ing the mangled train tracks and downed wires, said there was ‘‘no circumstance under which there would be any Amtrak service this week through Philadelphia.’’ 
A rapid-response team from the National 
Transportation Safety Board was on the scene Wednesday, but the cause of the derail-ment remained unknown. The Federal Rail-road Administration also said it was dis-patching at least eight investigators to the scene. 
Amtrak canceled two local trains in Balti-
more Wednesday, and trains on the North-east Corridor between Philadelphia and New York were canceled. Those looking for infor-mation about family or friends on the train can call Amtrak’s incident hotline at 800– 523–9101, Amtrak said. 
President Barack Obama expressed shock 
and sadness at the derailment in a statement in which he noted that Amtrak is ‘‘a way of life for many’’ who live and work along the Northeast Corridor. He also thanked police, fire fighters and medical personnel respond-ing to the derailment. 
‘‘Philadelphia is known as the city of 
brotherly love—a city of neighborhoods and neighbors—and that spirit of loving-kindness was reaffirmed last night, as hundreds of first responders and passengers lent a hand to their fellow human beings in need,’’ Obama said. 
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf, who was in 
touch with Philadelphia’s mayor and other state and local officials about the derail-ment, thanked the first responders for ‘‘their brave and quick action.’’ 
‘‘My thoughts and prayers are with all of 
those impacted by tonight’s train derail-ment,’’ he said in a statement. ‘‘For those who lost their lives, those who were injured, and the families of all involved, this situa-tion is devastating.’’ 
The impact on the East Coast’s broader 
rail network was unclear. Rob Doolittle, a spokesman for railroad CSX Transportation, said the company had offered assistance to Amtrak but that its own mainline was unaf-fected and it was not experiencing any sig-nificant delays through Philadelphia. 
Richard Scher, a spokesman for the Mary-
land Port Administration, said the derail-ment had occurred north of the port’s main freight routings but that he was unsure if delays in Philadelphia were affected port cargo transports. A spokesman for railroad Norfolk Southern, which utilizes part of the Northeast Corridor for trains moving out of Maryland into Delaware, did not imme-diately respond to a request for comment. 
Roel Bouduin, 35, arrived at Penn Station 
on time Wednesday morning for the begin-ning of a long day of travel. The resident of Belgium was scheduled to fly from New York to Toronto at 2:30 p.m. 
‘‘My plan was to take Amtrak. That’s not 
going to work,’’ he said as he waited at a ticket counter to get a refund. 
Instead, his friend would take the day off 
from Johns Hopkins and drive to New York. 
‘‘We take trains daily at home. Taking a 
train is safer then taking a car,’’ he said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.031 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2900 May 13, 2015 
That said, as he rolled his suitcase from 
the ticket counter, Bouduin said he would enjoy ‘‘a nice drive’’ up to New York. 
Many commuters prefer traveling from 
Baltimore to Washington or New York by train versus by car. 
Reginald Exum is one of those travelers. 
He said he regularly travels to Washington and New York for his banking job. On Wednesday, though, he was riding to Wash-ington from Penn Station, so the derailment didn’t affect his commute. 
‘‘It’s very unfortunate,’’ he said. ‘‘I feel bad 
for their families.’’ 
In 1996, 11 people were killed when a MARC 
commuter train rammed into an Amtrak train in Silver Spring. That crash was blamed on the MARC engineer forgetting about a signal warning him to slow down. 
In 1991, another incident occurred in nearly 
the same spot as the Chase accident in 1987, when an Amtrak train collided with a Con-rail coal train—though no one was killed. 
The site of Tuesday night’s crash, near 
curving tracks at Frankford Junction, was also the scene of a previous crash. 
In 1943, 79 people were killed and at least 
120 injured when a Pennsylvania Railroad train carrying 541 people—including military servicemen returning from weekend fur-loughs—derailed in the same location, also on its way from Washington to New York. 
[From Politico Pro, May 13, 2015] 
House Appropriations Republicans voted 
down an amendment today that would have restored Amtrak funding levels seen in pre-vious years, citing the spending caps under the Budget Control Act. 
‘‘Any increase in the caps under which we 
operate, that would go beyond current law, would require an understanding, an agree-ment, between the White House and the two bodies of Congress,’’ Committee Chairman Hal Rogers said, adding that the only White House response he’s seen is ‘‘consternation.’’ 
On a 21–29 vote, the committee defeated 
the amendment offered by THUD panel rank-ing member David Price that would have sig-nificantly boosted funding for several trans-portation programs, including Amtrak and WMATA. 
House Appropriations ranking member 
Nita Lowey countered Republican argu-ments, saying it’s critical that Amtrak be fully funded, especially after last night’s deadly derailment. 
‘‘While we do not know the cause of this 
accident, we do know that starving rail of funding will not enable safer train travel,’’ Lowey said. ‘‘It’s very clear that cutting the funding drastically does not help improve services at Amtrak.’’ 
The House THUD bill would provide about 
$1.13 billion in Amtrak funding for fiscal 2016, down from about $1.4 billion this year.— Heather Caygle. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, 
we have before us a bill that once again solidifies the majority’s insistence on putting political gain before women’s health. We also have a ruling that un-necessarily governs consideration of three unrelated bills, each needing its own debate. These so-called grab-bag rules harm our institution, muddle de-bate, and dishonor the importance of the Rules Committee and its jurisdic-tion. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. This rule provides for the consider-
ation of several important pieces of legislation. 
H.R. 1735, the FY16 NDAA, was the 
result of months of bipartisan work and includes crucial provisions to en-sure our Armed Forces are agile, effi-cient, ready, and lethal. 
No debate over these issues would be 
complete without an expression of our deep gratitude and thanks to the mem-bers of our military serving at home and overseas and the veterans who served before them. By providing their compensation, equipment, and vital skills education funding in this legisla-tion, we make a small beginning on the impossible to repay debt that we owe them. 
b1345 
Consistent with our constitutional 
obligation to provide for the defense of our country fulfilled by consideration of the NDAA, H.R. 2048, the USA Free-dom Act, similarly meets our respon-sibilities to secure America by tight-ening necessary authorities to combat potential terrorist threats, while mak-ing fundamental reforms, such as the end of bulk collection of phone records to protect Americans’ privacy and civil liberties. 
The provisions of this bill that in-
crease transparency by declassifying decisions, orders, and opinions of the FISA court and requiring the public posting of reports to Congress also en-sure that Congress and the public can hold these actors accountable. 
These critical reforms strengthen our 
national security, give the Federal Government the tools needed to com-bat threats, and ensure that privacy and civil liberties are protected. 
Our civil liberties aren’t the only 
rights meriting protection, however. The right to life is the most funda-mental of rights, and I am proud the people’s House will consider H.R. 36, the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act, getting America out of a group with North Korea, China, and Vietnam as one of only seven nations permitting such late-term abortions. 
H.R. 36 provides commonsense pro-
tections for 20-week-old and older un-born children who can feel pain as you and I do. They have fingers and toes, a heartbeat, and can kick hard enough to startle their mothers. Thanks to the grace of God and the advances of mod-ern science, many of them can even survive outside the womb. 
Millions of Americans welcome these 
developments, and a majority of our constituents support defending the lives of almost fully developed unborn children. That is no surprise in the wake of Kermit Gosnell’s horrors and will only continue as more Americans learn about the dismemberment and other grotesque practices that accom-pany killing an unborn child of that age. 
This legislation is a necessary step in 
recognizing the truth that science has made more clear with the passage of time; the unborn child in the womb is 
alive and a functioning member of the human family. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
speaking for those who cannot speak for themselves by supporting this legis-lation, and I thank all of my eloquent colleagues who came down today to speak on this rule. 
Madam Speaker, the rule before us 
provides for action by the House on three critical pieces of legislation, and I strongly urge my colleagues’ support. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to the rule for the under-lying H.R. 36, the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, because it would allow politi-cians, not women or medical experts to decide women’s personal medical decisions. 
If it becomes law, H.R. 36 would ban abor-
tion care after 20 weeks. 
This is a blatant attempt to deny all women 
their constitutional rights and it will pose an extremely serious threat to the health of many women in the most desperate of cir-cumstances. 
To ban abortion care would block a wom-
an’s access to safe health care and deny her ability to make decisions according to her phy-sician’s advice. 
Supreme Court precedent establishes that a 
woman has the unequivocal right to choose abortion care until the point of fetal viability. 
This twenty-week abortion ban brazenly 
challenges the Supreme Court’s standards and deliberately attempts to push the law ear-lier and earlier into a woman’s pregnancy. 
This ban would cause a hardship for women 
in need of safe, legal, later abortion care for a variety of reasons including menopausal women not expecting to become pregnant and who may not discover it for many weeks. 
H.R. 36 interferes with the doctor-patient re-
lationship, the sanctity of which is a corner-stone of medical care in our country. 
25,000 women in the United States become 
pregnant as a result of rape here in the U.S. every year. 
Approximately 30 percent of rapes involves 
women under age 18. 
According to the Department of Justice, only 
35 percent of women who are raped or sexu-ally assaulted reported the assault to police. 
This ban requires women rape victims to re-
port their ordeal before they can terminate pregnancy resulting from rape or incest. 
Our vote today on this legislation will have 
real life consequences. 
Take for example the case of Tiffany Camp-
bell. 
When she was 19 weeks pregnant, Tiffany 
and her husband Chris learned her pregnancy was afflicted with a severe case of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, a condition where the two fetuses unequally share blood circulation. 
This news was devastating to the Camp-
bells. 
The diagnosis was that one of the fetuses 
had a strained heart and acute risk of heart failure while the other had a blood supply that was insufficient to sustain normal develop-ment. 
The Campbells were told that without a se-
lective termination, they risked the loss of both fetuses. 
At 22 weeks, in consultation with their doc-
tors, they made the difficult decision to abort one fetus in order to save the other. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.006 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2901 May 13, 2015 
Today, the lifesaving procedure for one of 
the fetuses would be illegal under the new 20- week ban mode. 
Then there is the ordeal that Vikki Stella 
faced. 
Vikki is a diabetic who discovered months 
into her pregnancy that the fetus she was car-rying suffered from several major anomalies and had no chance of survival. 
As a result of her diabetic medical condition, 
Vikki’s doctor determined that induced labor and Caesarian section were both riskier proce-dures for Vikki than an abortion. 
The procedure not only protected Vikki from 
immediate medical risks, but also ensured that she would be able to have children in the fu-ture. 
As you see from each woman’s story, every 
pregnancy is different. 
In fact, none of us here is in the position to 
decide what is best for a woman and her fam-ily in their unique circumstances. 
H.R. 36 would deprive women the ability to 
make very difficult and extremely personal medical decisions. 
A woman’s health, not politics should drive 
important medical decisions and ignoring a woman’s individual circumstances threatens her health and takes an extremely personal medical decision away from a woman and her health care provider. 
The Administration urges Congress in its 
Statement of Administration Policy to oppose H.R. 36 because it would unacceptably restrict women’s health and reproductive right to choose. 
Women, regardless of their status in life 
should be able to make choices about their bodies and their healthcare, and we as elect-ed officials should not inject ourselves into de-cisions best made between a woman and her doctor. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 186, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 221] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins 
Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Barletta 
Capps Graves (MO) 
Hinojosa Ruiz 
Smith (WA) 
b1416 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Chair may postpone further proceedings today on a motion to recommit as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
UNITING AND STRENGTHENING 
AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFEC-TIVE DISCIPLINE OVER MONI-TORING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 255, I call up the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the au-thorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain busi-ness records, conduct electronic sur-veillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 255, the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–111 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 2048 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.013 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2902 May 13, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Dis-cipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Amendments to the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978. 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
Sec. 101. Additional requirements for call 
detail records. 
Sec. 102. Emergency authority. Sec. 103. Prohibition on bulk collection of 
tangible things. 
Sec. 104. Judicial review. Sec. 105. Liability protection. Sec. 106. Compensation for assistance. Sec. 107. Definitions. Sec. 108. Inspector General reports on busi-
ness records orders. 
Sec. 109. Effective date. Sec. 110. Rule of construction. 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND 
TRAP AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
Sec. 201. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
Sec. 202. Privacy procedures. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
Sec. 301. Limits on use of unlawfully ob-
tained information. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
Sec. 401. Appointment of amicus curiae. 
Sec. 402. Declassification of decisions, or-
ders, and opinions. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
Sec. 501. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
Sec. 502. Limitations on disclosure of na-
tional security letters. 
Sec. 503. Judicial review. 
TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
Sec. 601. Additional reporting on orders re-
quiring production of business records; business records com-pliance reports to Congress. 
Sec. 602. Annual reports by the Government. Sec. 603. Public reporting by persons subject 
to FISA orders. 
Sec. 604. Reporting requirements for deci-
sions, orders, and opinions of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review. 
Sec. 605. Submission of reports under FISA. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
Sec. 701. Emergencies involving non-United 
States persons. 
Sec. 702. Preservation of treatment of non- 
United States persons traveling outside the United States as agents of foreign powers. 
Sec. 703. Improvement to investigations of 
international proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 704. Increase in penalties for material 
support of foreign terrorist or-ganizations. 
Sec. 705. Sunsets. 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
Sec. 801. Amendment to section 2280 of title 
18, United States Code. Sec. 802. New section 2280a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
Sec. 803. Amendments to section 2281 of title 
18, United States Code. 
Sec. 804. New section 2281a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
Sec. 805. Ancillary measure. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
Sec. 811. New section 2332i of title 18, United 
States Code. 
Sec. 812. Amendment to section 831 of title 
18, United States Code. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-
LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
SEC. 101. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CALL 
DETAIL RECORDS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘a statement’’ and inserting ‘‘in the case of an application other than an applica-tion described in subparagraph (C) (including an application for the production of call de-tail records other than in the manner de-scribed in subparagraph (C)), a statement’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as subparagraphs (B) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as 
so redesignated) the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) in the case of an application for the 
production on an ongoing basis of call detail records created before, on, or after the date of the application relating to an authorized investigation (other than a threat assess-ment) conducted in accordance with sub-section (a)(2) to protect against inter-national terrorism, a statement of facts showing that— 
‘‘(i) there are reasonable grounds to believe 
that the call detail records sought to be pro-duced based on the specific selection term required under subparagraph (A) are relevant to such investigation; and 
‘‘(ii) there is a reasonable, articulable sus-
picion that such specific selection term is as-sociated with a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in prep-aration therefor, or an agent of a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in preparation therefor; and’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application described 
in subsection (b)(2)(C), shall— 
‘‘(i) authorize the production on a daily 
basis of call detail records for a period not to exceed 180 days; 
‘‘(ii) provide that an order for such produc-
tion may be extended upon application under subsection (b) and the judicial finding under paragraph (1) of this subsection; 
‘‘(iii) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a first set of call detail records using the specific selec-tion term that satisfies the standard re-
quired under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a second set of call detail records using session-identi-fying information or a telephone calling card number identified by the specific selection term used to produce call detail records under clause (iii); 
‘‘(v) provide that, when produced, such 
records be in a form that will be useful to the Government; 
‘‘(vi) direct each person the Government 
directs to produce call detail records under the order to furnish the Government forth-with all information, facilities, or technical assistance necessary to accomplish the pro-duction in such a manner as will protect the secrecy of the production and produce a min-imum of interference with the services that such person is providing to each subject of the production; and 
‘‘(vii) direct the Government to— ‘‘(I) adopt minimization procedures that 
require the prompt destruction of all call de-tail records produced under the order that the Government determines are not foreign intelligence information; and 
‘‘(II) destroy all call detail records pro-
duced under the order as prescribed by such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 102. EMERGENCY AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(i) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY FOR PRODUC -
TION OF TANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this section, the Attorney General may re-quire the emergency production of tangible things if the Attorney General— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that an emer-
gency situation requires the production of tangible things before an order authorizing such production can with due diligence be obtained; 
‘‘(B) reasonably determines that the fac-
tual basis for the issuance of an order under this section to approve such production of tangible things exists; 
‘‘(C) informs, either personally or through 
a designee, a judge having jurisdiction under this section at the time the Attorney Gen-eral requires the emergency production of tangible things that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this subsection; and 
‘‘(D) makes an application in accordance 
with this section to a judge having jurisdic-tion under this section as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 7 days after the Attorney General requires the emergency production of tangible things under this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) If the Attorney General requires the 
emergency production of tangible things under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall require that the minimization proce-dures required by this section for the issuance of a judicial order be followed. 
‘‘(3) In the absence of a judicial order ap-
proving the production of tangible things under this subsection, the production shall terminate when the information sought is obtained, when the application for the order is denied, or after the expiration of 7 days from the time the Attorney General begins requiring the emergency production of such tangible things, whichever is earliest. 
‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under 
this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103. 
‘‘(5) If such application for approval is de-
nied, or in any other case where the produc-tion of tangible things is terminated and no order is issued approving the production, no information obtained or evidence derived 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2903 May 13, 2015 
from such production shall be received in 
evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired from such production shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of such person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(6) The Attorney General shall assess 
compliance with the requirements of para-graph (5).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
501(d) (50 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘pursuant to an order’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to an order issued or an emergency production required’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘such 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘such order or such emergency production’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘the order or the emer-gency production’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION 
OF TANGIBLE THINGS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)), as amended by section 101(a) of this Act, is further amended by in-serting before subparagraph (B), as redesig-nated by such section 101(a) of this Act, the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the production of the tangible things sought;’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking the 
semicolon and inserting ‘‘, including each specific selection term to be used as the basis for the production;’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) No order issued under this subsection 
may authorize the collection of tangible things without the use of a specific selection term that meets the requirements of sub-section (b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 104. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) M INIMIZATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) J UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 501(c)(1) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(c)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ the following: ‘‘and that the minimization procedures sub-mitted in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(D) meet the definition of minimization procedures under subsection (g)’’. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 501(g) 
(50 U.S.C. 1861(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority of the court established under section 103(a) to impose additional, particularized minimiza-tion procedures with regard to the produc-tion, retention, or dissemination of nonpub-licly available information concerning unconsenting United States persons, includ-ing additional, particularized procedures re-lated to the destruction of information with-in a reasonable time period.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 501(g)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)(1)) 
is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘adopt’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, and update as appropriate,’’. 
(b) O
RDERS .—Section 501(f)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(f)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘that order’’ and inserting 
‘‘the production order or any nondisclosure order imposed in connection with the pro-duction order’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking clause (ii); and (B) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii). 
SEC. 105. LIABILITY PROTECTION. 
Section 501(e) (50 U.S.C. 1861(e)) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(e)(1) No cause of action shall lie in any 
court against a person who— 
‘‘(A) produces tangible things or provides 
information, facilities, or technical assist-ance in accordance with an order issued or an emergency production required under this section; or 
‘‘(B) otherwise provides technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A production or provision of informa-
tion, facilities, or technical assistance de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any privilege in any other proceeding or context.’’. 
SEC. 106. COMPENSATION FOR ASSISTANCE. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 102 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(j) C
OMPENSATION .—The Government shall 
compensate a person for reasonable expenses incurred for— 
‘‘(1) producing tangible things or providing 
information, facilities, or assistance in ac-cordance with an order issued with respect to an application described in subsection (b)(2)(C) or an emergency production under subsection (i) that, to comply with sub-section (i)(1)(D), requires an application de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(C); or 
‘‘(2) otherwise providing technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 107. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 106 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The terms ‘foreign 
power’, ‘agent of a foreign power’, ‘inter-national terrorism’, ‘foreign intelligence in-formation’, ‘Attorney General’, ‘United States person’, ‘United States’, ‘person’, and ‘State’ have the meanings provided those terms in section 101. 
‘‘(2) A
DDRESS .—The term ‘address’ means a 
physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned network address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(3) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD .—The term ‘call 
detail record’— 
‘‘(A) means session-identifying informa-
tion (including an originating or terminating telephone number, an International Mobile Subscriber Identity number, or an Inter-national Mobile Station Equipment Identity number), a telephone calling card number, or 
the time or duration of a call; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) the contents (as defined in section 
2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any communication; 
‘‘(ii) the name, address, or financial infor-
mation of a subscriber or customer; or 
‘‘(iii) cell site location or global posi-
tioning system information. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIFIC SELECTION TERM .— 
‘‘(A) T ANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a ‘specific selection term’— 
‘‘(I) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(II) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of tangible things sought consistent with the purpose for seeking the tangible things. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A specific selection term 
under clause (i) does not include an identi-fier that does not limit, to the greatest ex-tent reasonably practicable, the scope of tan-gible things sought consistent with the pur-pose for seeking the tangible things, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(I) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in clause (i), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investiga-tion for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the production; or 
‘‘(II) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(B) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD APPLICATIONS .— 
For purposes of an application submitted under subsection (b)(2)(C), the term ‘specific selection term’ means a term that specifi-cally identifies an individual, account, or personal device.’’. 
SEC. 108. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS ON 
BUSINESS RECORDS ORDERS. 
Section 106A of the USA PATRIOT Im-
provement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 120 Stat. 200) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and cal-
endar years 2012 through 2014’’ after ‘‘2006’’; 
(B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and 
(D) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) with respect to calendar years 2012 
through 2014, an examination of the mini-mization procedures used in relation to or-ders under section 501 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861) and whether the minimization proce-dures adequately protect the constitutional rights of United States persons;’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘(as 
such term is defined in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)))’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) C
ALENDAR YEARS 2012 THROUGH 2014 .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall submit to the Committee on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2904 May 13, 2015 
Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-
telligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the re-sults of the audit conducted under sub-section (a) for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) I
NTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For the period beginning 
on January 1, 2012, and ending on December 31, 2014, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community shall assess— 
‘‘(A) the importance of the information ac-
quired under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) to the activities of the intel-ligence community; 
‘‘(B) the manner in which that information 
was collected, retained, analyzed, and dis-seminated by the intelligence community; 
‘‘(C) the minimization procedures used by 
elements of the intelligence community under such title and whether the minimiza-tion procedures adequately protect the con-stitutional rights of United States persons; and 
‘‘(D) any minimization procedures pro-
posed by an element of the intelligence com-munity under such title that were modified or denied by the court established under sec-tion 103(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)). 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION DATE FOR ASSESSMENT .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice submits the report required under subsection (c)(3), the Inspector Gen-eral of the Intelligence Community shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the assess-ment for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a report under subsection 
(c)(1) or (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report under subsection (c) or (d)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice’’ and inserting ‘‘In-spector General of the Department of Jus-tice, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community, and any Inspector Gen-eral of an element of the intelligence com-munity that prepares a report to assist the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice or the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community in complying with the requirements of this section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the re-
ports submitted under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report submitted under subsection (c) or (d)’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The reports submitted 
under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Each report submitted under sub-section (c)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term 
‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 
1801).’’. 
SEC. 109. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by 
sections 101 through 103 shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to alter or elimi-nate the authority of the Government to ob-tain an order under title V of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) as in effect prior to the effective date described in subsection (a) during the period ending on such effective date. 
SEC. 110. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
authorize the production of the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication from an electronic commu-nication service provider (as such term is de-fined in section 701(b)(4) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)(4))) under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.). 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND TRAP 
AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
SEC. 201. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 402(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1842(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the use of the pen register or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 401 (50 U.S.C. 1841) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4)(A) The term ‘specific selection term’— ‘‘(i) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(ii) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device. 
‘‘(B) A specific selection term under sub-
paragraph (A) does not include an identifier that does not limit, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(i) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in subparagraph (A), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investigation for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the use; or 
‘‘(ii) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘address’ means a physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned net-work address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(D) Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the require-ments of subparagraph (A).’’. SEC. 202. PRIVACY PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402 (50 U.S.C. 
1842) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall ensure that appropriate policies and procedures are in place to safeguard nonpub-licly available information concerning United States persons that is collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section. Such policies and procedures shall, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with the need to protect national security, include privacy protections that apply to the collection, retention, and use of information concerning United States persons. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection limits the authority of the court established under section 103(a) or of the Attorney General to impose additional privacy or minimization procedures with re-gard to the installation or use of a pen reg-ister or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY .—Section 403 (50 
U.S.C. 1843) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .—Information 
collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section shall be subject to the policies and procedures required under section 402(h).’’. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
SEC. 301. LIMITS ON USE OF UNLAWFULLY OB-
TAINED INFORMATION. 
Section 702(i)(3) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(3)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), if the Court orders a correction of a deficiency in a certification or procedures under subparagraph (B), no information ob-tained or evidence derived pursuant to the part of the certification or procedures that has been identified by the Court as deficient concerning any United States person shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired pursuant to such part of such certification or procedures shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of the United States person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information in-dicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If the Government cor-
rects any deficiency identified by the order of the Court under subparagraph (B), the Court may permit the use or disclosure of in-formation obtained before the date of the correction under such minimization proce-dures as the Court may approve for purposes of this clause.’’. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
SEC. 401. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE. 
Section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-sections: 
‘‘(i) A
MICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—The presiding judges of 
the courts established under subsections (a) and (b) shall, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this subsection, jointly designate not fewer than 5 individuals to be eligible to serve as amicus curiae, who shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2905 May 13, 2015 
serve pursuant to rules the presiding judges 
may establish. In designating such individ-uals, the presiding judges may consider indi-viduals recommended by any source, includ-ing members of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, the judges determine appropriate. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b), consistent with the requirement of subsection (c) and any other statutory requirement that the court act expeditiously or within a stated time— 
‘‘(A) shall appoint an individual who has 
been designated under paragraph (1) to serve as amicus curiae to assist such court in the consideration of any application for an order or review that, in the opinion of the court, presents a novel or significant interpretation of the law, unless the court issues a finding that such appointment is not appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) may appoint an individual or organi-
zation to serve as amicus curiae, including to provide technical expertise, in any in-stance as such court deems appropriate or, upon motion, permit an individual or organi-zation leave to file an amicus curiae brief. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF AMICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(A) E XPERTISE .—Individuals designated 
under paragraph (1) shall be persons who pos-sess expertise in privacy and civil liberties, intelligence collection, communications technology, or any other area that may lend legal or technical expertise to a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b). 
‘‘(B) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .—Individuals 
designated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be persons who are determined to be eligible for access to classified information necessary to participate in matters before the courts. Amicus curiae appointed by the court pursu-ant to paragraph (2) shall be persons who are determined to be eligible for access to classi-fied information, if such access is necessary to participate in the matters in which they may be appointed. 
‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—If a court established under 
subsection (a) or (b) appoints an amicus cu-riae under paragraph (2)(A), the amicus cu-riae shall provide to the court, as appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) legal arguments that advance the pro-
tection of individual privacy and civil lib-erties; 
‘‘(B) information related to intelligence 
collection or communications technology; or 
‘‘(C) legal arguments or information re-
garding any other area relevant to the issue presented to the court. 
‘‘(5) A
SSISTANCE .—An amicus curiae ap-
pointed under paragraph (2)(A) may request 
that the court designate or appoint addi-tional amici curiae pursuant to paragraph (1) or paragraph (2), to be available to assist the amicus curiae. 
‘‘(6) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) appoints an ami-cus curiae under paragraph (2), the amicus curiae— 
‘‘(i) shall have access to any legal prece-
dent, application, certification, petition, mo-tion, or such other materials that the court determines are relevant to the duties of the amicus curiae; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the court determines that it is 
relevant to the duties of the amicus curiae, consult with any other individuals des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) regarding information relevant to any assigned pro-ceeding. 
‘‘(B) B
RIEFINGS .—The Attorney General 
may periodically brief or provide relevant materials to individuals designated pursuant to paragraph (1) regarding constructions and interpretations of this Act and legal, techno-logical, and other issues related to actions authorized by this Act. ‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—An amicus 
curiae designated or appointed by the court may have access to classified documents, in-formation, and other materials or pro-ceedings only if that individual is eligible for access to classified information and to the extent consistent with the national security of the United States. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to require the Government to provide information to an amicus curiae appointed by the court that is privileged from disclosure. 
‘‘(7) N
OTIFICATION .—A presiding judge of a 
court established under subsection (a) or (b) shall notify the Attorney General of each ex-ercise of the authority to appoint an indi-vidual to serve as amicus curiae under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(8) A
SSISTANCE .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may request and receive (including on a nonreimbursable basis) the assistance of the executive branch in the implementation of this subsection. 
‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may provide for the designation, appointment, removal, training, or other support for an individual designated to serve as amicus curiae under paragraph (1) or appointed to serve as amicus curiae under paragraph (2) in a manner that is not inconsistent with this subsection. 
‘‘(10) R
ECEIPT OF INFORMATION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the ability of a court established under subsection (a) or (b) to request or receive information or mate-rials from, or otherwise communicate with, the Government or amicus curiae appointed under paragraph (2) on an ex parte basis, nor limit any special or heightened obligation in any ex parte communication or proceeding. 
‘‘(j) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
Following issuance of an order under this Act, a court established under subsection (a) shall certify for review to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) any question of law that may affect resolution of the matter in controversy that the court determines warrants such review because of a need for uniformity or because consideration by the court established under subsection (b) would serve the interests of justice. Upon certifi-cation of a question of law under this sub-section, the court established under sub-section (b) may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for de-cision of the entire matter in controversy. 
‘‘(k) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DE-
CISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of sec-
tion 1254(2) of title 28, United States Code, the court of review established under sub-section (b) shall be considered to be a court of appeals. 
‘‘(2) A
MICUS CURIAE BRIEFING .—Upon cer-
tification of an application under paragraph (1), the Supreme Court of the United States may appoint an amicus curiae designated under subsection (i)(1), or any other person, to provide briefing or other assistance.’’. 
SEC. 402. DECLASSIFICATION OF DECISIONS, OR-
DERS, AND OPINIONS. 
(a) D ECLASSIFICATION .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 
1871 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ REPORT-
ING REQUIREMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OVER-
SIGHT ’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘SEC. 602. DECLASSIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT 
DECISIONS, ORDERS, AND OPINIONS. 
‘‘(a) D ECLASSIFICATION REQUIRED .—Subject 
to subsection (b), the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Attor-ney General, shall conduct a declassification review of each decision, order, or opinion issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
veillance Court of Review (as defined in sec-tion 601(e)) that includes a significant con-struction or interpretation of any provision of law, including any novel or significant construction or interpretation of the term ‘specific selection term’, and, consistent with that review, make publicly available to the greatest extent practicable each such de-cision, order, or opinion. 
‘‘(b) R
EDACTED FORM.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Attorney General, may satisfy the require-ment under subsection (a) to make a deci-sion, order, or opinion described in such sub-section publicly available to the greatest ex-tent practicable by making such decision, order, or opinion publicly available in re-dacted form. 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General, may waive the requirement to declassify and make pub-licly available a particular decision, order, or opinion under subsection (a), if— 
‘‘(1) the Director of National Intelligence, 
in consultation with the Attorney General, determines that a waiver of such require-ment is necessary to protect the national se-curity of the United States or properly clas-sified intelligence sources or methods; and 
‘‘(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
makes publicly available an unclassified statement prepared by the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence— 
‘‘(A) summarizing the significant construc-
tion or interpretation of any provision of law, which shall include, to the extent con-sistent with national security, a description of the context in which the matter arises and any significant construction or interpreta-tion of any statute, constitutional provision, or other legal authority relied on by the de-cision; and 
‘‘(B) that specifies that the statement has 
been prepared by the Attorney General and constitutes no part of the opinion of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The 
table of contents in the first section is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to title VI 
and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘TITLE VI—OVERSIGHT’’; 
and 
(2) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 601 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 602. Declassification of significant de-
cisions, orders, and opinions.’’. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
SEC. 501. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may, using a term that specifically identifies a person, entity, telephone num-ber, or account as the basis for a request’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114(a)(2) of the Right to Fi-
nancial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(2)) is amended by striking the period and inserting ‘‘and a term that specifically identifies a customer, entity, or account to be used as the basis for the production and disclosure of financial records.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURES TO FBI OFCERTAIN CON-
SUMER RECORDS FOR COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
PURPOSES .—Section 626 of the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2906 May 13, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘that in-
formation,’’ and inserting ‘‘that information that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘written 
request,’’ and inserting ‘‘written request that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘, which 
shall include a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the 
basis for the production of the information,’’ after ‘‘issue an order ex parte’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURES TO GOVERNMENTAL AGEN-
CIES FOR COUNTERTERRORISM PURPOSES OF  
CONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627(a) of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘analysis.’’ and in-serting ‘‘analysis and that includes a term that specifically identifies a consumer or ac-count to be used as the basis for the produc-tion of such information.’’. 
SEC. 502. LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE OF NA-
TIONAL SECURITY LETTERS. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no wire or electronic commu-nication service provider that receives a re-quest under subsection (b), or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation has sought or obtained access to in-formation or records under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A wire or electronic 
communication service provider that re-ceives a request under subsection (b), or offi-cer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any appli-cable nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (b) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-
sure requirement shall notify the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no financial institution that receives a request under subsection (a), or of-ficer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close to any person that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained ac-cess to information or records under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A financial institution 
that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the 
request.’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (e) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection (a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close or specify in any consumer report, that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a), (b), or (c). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request under subsection (a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2907 May 13, 2015 
(a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, 
shall disclose or specify in any consumer re-port, that a government agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of the government agency described in sub-section (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the government agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request under subsection (a) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of the gov-
ernment agency described in subsection (a) or a designee, any person making or intend-ing to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the re-quest.’’. 
(e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (c) is provided, no governmental or private entity that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; ‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A governmental or pri-
vate entity that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of 
the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of an au-
thorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head of the authorized investigative agency or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(f) T
ERMINATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall adopt procedures with respect to nondisclosure requirements issued pursuant to section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Fi-nancial Privacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414), or sec-tion 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), as amended by this Act, to require— 
(A) the review at appropriate intervals of 
such a nondisclosure requirement to assess whether the facts supporting nondisclosure continue to exist; 
(B) the termination of such a nondisclosure 
requirement if the facts no longer support nondisclosure; and 
(C) appropriate notice to the recipient of 
the national security letter, or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, subject to the non-disclosure requirement, and the applicable court as appropriate, that the nondisclosure requirement has been terminated. 
(2) R
EPORTING .—Upon adopting the proce-
dures required under paragraph (1), the At-torney General shall submit the procedures to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 3511 of title 
18, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) N
ONDISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—If a recipient of a request or 
order for a report, records, or other informa-tion under section 2709 of this title, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414), or section 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), wishes 
to have a court review a nondisclosure re-quirement imposed in connection with the request or order, the recipient may notify the Government or file a petition for judicial review in any court described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of a notification under subparagraph (A), the Government shall apply for an order prohibiting the dis-closure of the existence or contents of the relevant request or order. An application under this subparagraph may be filed in the district court of the United States for the ju-dicial district in which the recipient of the order is doing business or in the district court of the United States for any judicial district within which the authorized inves-tigation that is the basis for the request is being conducted. The applicable nondisclo-sure requirement shall remain in effect dur-ing the pendency of proceedings relating to the requirement. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—A district court of 
the United States that receives a petition under subparagraph (A) or an application under subparagraph (B) should rule expedi-tiously, and shall, subject to paragraph (3), issue a nondisclosure order that includes conditions appropriate to the circumstances. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—An applica-
tion for a nondisclosure order or extension thereof or a response to a petition filed under paragraph (1) shall include a certifi-cation from the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, or a designee in a posi-tion not lower than Deputy Assistant Direc-tor at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office des-ignated by the Director, or in the case of a request by a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the Federal Government other than the Department of Justice, the head or deputy head of the department, agency, or instrumentality, containing a statement of specific facts indicating that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this sub-section may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person. 
‘‘(3) S
TANDARD .—A district court of the 
United States shall issue a nondisclosure order or extension thereof under this sub-section if the court determines that there is reason to believe that disclosure of the infor-mation subject to the nondisclosure require-ment during the applicable time period may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person.’’. 
SEC. 503. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2908 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(d) J UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (b) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(b) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (m) as subsections (f) through (n), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (d) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c) shall include notice of the availability of ju-dicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (b) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
SEC. 601. ADDITIONAL REPORTING ON ORDERS 
REQUIRING PRODUCTION OF BUSI-NESS RECORDS; BUSINESS RECORDS COMPLIANCE REPORTS TO CON-GRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES .— 
Section 502(b) (50 U.S.C. 1862(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (6) (as so 
redesignated) the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) a summary of all compliance reviews 
conducted by the Government for the pro-duction of tangible things under section 501; 
‘‘(2) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(B) made for orders approving requests for the production of tan-gible things; 
‘‘(3) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied; 
‘‘(4) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(C) made for orders approving requests for the production of call detail records; 
‘‘(5) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied;’’. 
(b) R
EPORTING ON CERTAIN TYPES OF PRO-
DUCTION .—Section 502(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 
1862(c)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) the total number of applications made 
for orders approving requests for the produc-tion of tangible things under section 501 in which the specific selection term does not specifically identify an individual, account, or personal device; 
‘‘(D) the total number of orders described 
in subparagraph (C) either granted, modified, or denied; and 
‘‘(E) with respect to orders described in 
subparagraph (D) that have been granted or modified, whether the court established under section 103 has directed additional, particularized minimization procedures be-yond those adopted pursuant to section 501(g).’’. 
SEC. 602. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE GOVERN-
MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 603. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT BY DIRECTOR OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  
COURTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall annually submit to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, sub-ject to a declassification review by the At-torney General and the Director of National Intelligence, a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of applications or certifi-
cations for orders submitted under each of sections 105, 304, 402, 501, 702, 703, and 704; 
‘‘(B) the number of such orders granted 
under each of those sections; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders modified under 
each of those sections; 
‘‘(D) the number of applications or certifi-
cations denied under each of those sections; 
‘‘(E) the number of appointments of an in-
dividual to serve as amicus curiae under sec-tion 103, including the name of each indi-vidual appointed to serve as amicus curiae; 
and 
‘‘(F) the number of findings issued under 
section 103(i) that such appointment is not appropriate and the text of any such find-ings. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Director shall 
make the report required under paragraph (1) publicly available on an Internet Web site, except that the Director shall not make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site the findings described in subparagraph (F) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) M
ANDATORY REPORTING BY DIRECTOR  
OFNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (d), the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall annually make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site a re-port that identifies, for the preceding 12- month period— 
‘‘(1) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to titles I and III and sections 703 and 704 and a good faith estimate of the number of targets of such orders; 
‘‘(2) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to section 702 and a good faith esti-mate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of search terms con-
cerning a known United States person used to retrieve the unminimized contents of elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of search terms used to prevent the re-turn of information concerning a United States person; and 
‘‘(B) the number of queries concerning a 
known United States person of unminimized noncontents information relating to elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of queries containing information used to prevent the return of information concerning a United States person; 
‘‘(3) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to title IV and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(4) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(B) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(5) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(C) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; ‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; and 
‘‘(C) the number of search terms that in-
cluded information concerning a United States person that were used to query any database of call detail records obtained through the use of such orders; and 
‘‘(6) the total number of national security 
letters issued and the number of requests for information contained within such national security letters. 
‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The annual reports required 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall be made pub-licly available during April of each year and include information relating to the previous calendar year. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATEMENT OF NUMERICAL RANGE .—If a 
good faith estimate required to be reported under subparagraph (B) of any of paragraphs (3), (4), or (5) of subsection (b) is fewer than 500, it shall be expressed as a numerical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2909 May 13, 2015 
range of ‘fewer than 500’ and shall not be ex-
pressed as an individual number. 
‘‘(2) N ONAPPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN INFOR -
MATION .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— 
Paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (5)(C) of sub-section (b) shall not apply to information or records held by, or queries conducted by, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC MAIL ADDRESS AND TELE -
PHONE NUMBERS .—Paragraph (3)(B) of sub-
section (b) shall not apply to orders resulting in the acquisition of information by the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation that does not include electronic mail addresses or tele-phone numbers. 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence concludes that a good faith estimate required to be reported under subsection (b)(2)(B) cannot be determined ac-curately because some but not all of the rel-evant elements of the intelligence commu-nity are able to provide such good faith esti-mate, the Director shall— 
‘‘(i) certify that conclusion in writing to 
the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(ii) report the good faith estimate for 
those relevant elements able to provide such good faith estimate; 
‘‘(iii) explain when it is reasonably antici-
pated that such an estimate will be able to be determined fully and accurately; and 
‘‘(iv) make such certification publicly 
available on an Internet Web site. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—A certification described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be prepared in unclas-sified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
‘‘(C) T
IMING .—If the Director of National 
Intelligence continues to conclude that the good faith estimates described in this para-graph cannot be determined accurately, the 
Director shall annually submit a certifi-cation in accordance with this paragraph. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) E
LECTRONIC COMMUNICATION .—The 
term ‘electronic communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ means a request for a report, records, or other information under— 
‘‘(A) section 2709 of title 18, United States 
Code; 
‘‘(B) section 1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to 
Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A)); 
‘‘(C) subsection (a) or (b) of section 626 of 
the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(a), 1681u(b)); or 
‘‘(D) section 627(a) of the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)). 
‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ means a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in sec-tion 101(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a))). 
‘‘(5) W
IRE COMMUNICATION .—The term ‘wire 
communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 602, as added by section 402 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 603. Annual reports.’’. (c) P
UBLIC REPORTING ON NATIONAL SECU-
RITY LETTERS .—Section 118(c) of the USA 
PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (18 U.S.C. 3511 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘United States’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, ex-
cluding the number of requests for subscriber information’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), each report required under this subsection shall include a good faith es-timate of the total number of requests de-scribed in paragraph (1) requiring disclosure of information concerning— 
‘‘(i) United States persons; and ‘‘(ii) persons who are not United States 
persons. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to the num-
ber of requests for subscriber information under section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, a report required under this subsection need not separate the number of requests into each of the categories described in sub-paragraph (A).’’. 
(d) S
TORED COMMUNICATIONS .—Section 
2702(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) the number of accounts from which 
the Department of Justice has received vol-untary disclosures under subsection (c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 603. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO FISA ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 604. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORTING .—A person subject to a 
nondisclosure requirement accompanying an order or directive under this Act or a na-tional security letter may, with respect to such order, directive, or national security letter, publicly report the following informa-tion using one of the following structures: 
‘‘(1) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 1000 start-ing with 0–999; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents re-ported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders under this Act for non-contents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999, pursuant to— 
‘‘(i) title IV; ‘‘(ii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(B); and ‘‘(iii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 500 start-ing with 0–499; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents, re-ported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders received under this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499. 
‘‘(3) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply in the into separate cat-egories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249. 
‘‘(4) An annual report that aggregates the 
number of orders, directives, and national se-curity letters the person was required to comply with into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives 
under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 starting with 0–99; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 starting with 0–99. 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD OF TIME COVERED BY RE-
PORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A report described in paragraph (1) or 
(2) of subsection (a) shall include only infor-mation— 
‘‘(A) relating to national security letters 
for the previous 180 days; and 
‘‘(B) relating to authorities under this Act 
for the 180-day period of time ending on the date that is not less than 180 days prior to the date of the publication of such report, except that with respect to a platform, prod-uct, or service for which a person did not previously receive an order or directive (not including an enhancement to or iteration of an existing publicly available platform, product, or service) such report shall not in-clude any information relating to such new order or directive until 540 days after the date on which such new order or directive is received. 
‘‘(2) A report described in paragraph (3) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information relating to the previous 180 days. 
‘‘(3) A report described in paragraph (4) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information for the 1-year period of time ending on the date that is not less than 1 year prior to the date of the publication of such report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2910 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(c) O THER FORMS OF AGREED TO PUBLICA -
TION.—Nothing in this section prohibits the 
Government and any person from jointly agreeing to the publication of information referred to in this subsection in a time, form, or manner other than as described in this section. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ has the meaning given that term under section 603.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 603, as added by section 602 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 604. Public reporting by persons sub-
ject to orders.’’. 
SEC. 604. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR DECI-
SIONS, ORDERS, AND OPINIONS OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE COURT AND THE FOR-EIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
Section 601(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1871(c)(1)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) not later than 45 days after the date on 
which the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review issues a decision, order, or opinion, including any denial or modification of an application under this Act, that includes significant construction or interpretation of any provision of law or results in a change of application of any pro-vision of this Act or a novel application of any provision of this Act, a copy of such de-cision, order, or opinion and any pleadings, applications, or memoranda of law associ-ated with such decision, order, or opinion; and’’. 
SEC. 605. SUBMISSION OF REPORTS UNDER FISA. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 
108(a)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the House Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. 
(b) P
HYSICAL SEARCHES .—The matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) of section 306 (50 U.S.C. 1826) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate’’; and 
(2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives’’. 
(c) P
ENREGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE  
DEVICES .—Section 406(b) (50 U.S.C. 1846(b)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) each department or agency on behalf 
of which the Attorney General or a des-ignated attorney for the Government has made an application for an order authorizing or approving the installation and use of a 
pen register or trap and trace device under this title; and 
‘‘(5) for each department or agency de-
scribed in paragraph (4), each number de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3).’’. 
(d) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS RECORDS  
ANDOTHER TANGIBLE THINGS .—Section 502(a) 
(50 U.S.C. 1862(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. EMERGENCIES INVOLVING NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105 (50 U.S.C. 
1805) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), (h), 
and (i) as subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, the lawfully authorized tar-geting of a non-United States person pre-viously believed to be located outside the United States for the acquisition of foreign intelligence information may continue for a period not to exceed 72 hours from the time that the non-United States person is reason-ably believed to be located inside the United States and the acquisition is subject to this title or to title III of this Act, provided that the head of an element of the intelligence community— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that a lapse in 
the targeting of such non-United States per-son poses a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person; 
‘‘(B) promptly notifies the Attorney Gen-
eral of a determination under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) requests, as soon as practicable, the 
employment of emergency electronic surveil-lance under subsection (e) or the employ-ment of an emergency physical search pursu-ant to section 304(e), as warranted. 
‘‘(2) The authority under this subsection to 
continue the acquisition of foreign intel-ligence information is limited to a period not to exceed 72 hours and shall cease upon the earlier of the following: 
‘‘(A) The employment of emergency elec-
tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e). 
‘‘(B) An issuance of a court order under 
this title or title III of this Act. 
‘‘(C) The Attorney General provides direc-
tion that the acquisition be terminated. 
‘‘(D) The head of the element of the intel-
ligence community conducting the acquisi-tion determines that a request under para-graph (1)(C) is not warranted. 
‘‘(E) When the threat of death or serious 
bodily harm to any person is no longer rea-sonably believed to exist. 
‘‘(3) Nonpublicly available information 
concerning unconsenting United States per-sons acquired under this subsection shall not be disseminated during the 72 hour time pe-riod under paragraph (1) unless necessary to investigate, reduce, or eliminate the threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(4) If the Attorney General declines to au-
thorize the employment of emergency elec-tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e), or a court 
order is not obtained under this title or title III of this Act, information obtained during the 72 hour acquisition time period under paragraph (1) shall not be retained, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(5) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (e) 
shall apply to this subsection.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY EMPLOY -
MENT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 
106(j) (50 U.S.C. 1806(j)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 105(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e) or (f) of section 105’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 108(a)(2) 
(50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the total number of authorizations 
under section 105(f) and the total number of subsequent emergency employments of elec-tronic surveillance under section 105(e) or emergency physical searches pursuant to section 301(e).’’. 
SEC. 702. PRESERVATION OF TREATMENT OF 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AS AGENTS OF FOREIGN POWERS. 
Section 101(b)(1) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, ir-respective of whether the person is inside the United States’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘of such person’s presence 
in the United States’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such activities in the 
United States’’ and inserting ‘‘such activi-ties’’. 
SEC. 703. IMPROVEMENT TO INVESTIGATIONS OF 
INTERNATIONAL PROLIFERATION OF WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUC-TION. 
Section 101(b)(1) is further amended by 
striking subparagraph (E) and inserting the following new subparagraph (E): 
‘‘(E) engages in the international prolifera-
tion of weapons of mass destruction, or ac-tivities in preparation therefor, for or on be-half of a foreign power, or knowingly aids or abets any person in the conduct of such pro-liferation or activities in preparation there-for, or knowingly conspires with any person to engage in such proliferation or activities in preparation therefor; or’’. 
SEC. 704. INCREASE IN PENALTIES FOR MATE-
RIAL SUPPORT OF FOREIGN TER-RORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 2339B(a)(1) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. 
SEC. 705. SUNSETS. 
(a) USA PATRIOT I MPROVEMENT AND RE-
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2005.—Section 102(b)(1) 
of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Re-authorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM  
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 6001(b)(1) 
of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
102(b)(1) of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘sections 501, 502, and’’ and inserting ‘‘title V and section’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2911 May 13, 2015 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
SEC. 801. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 2280 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2280 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘a 
ship flying the flag of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘a vessel of the United States or a vessel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, 
including the territorial seas’’ after ‘‘in the United States’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (1)(A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
by a United States corporation or legal enti-ty,’’ after ‘‘by a national of the United States’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d); (4) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
after subsection (c) the following: 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
section 2280a, section 2281, and section 2281a, the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘applicable treaty’ means— ‘‘(A) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, done at The Hague on 16 December 1970; 
‘‘(B) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 23 September 1971; 
‘‘(C) the Convention on the Prevention and 
Punishment of Crimes against Internation-ally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 14 December 1973; 
‘‘(D) International Convention against the 
Taking of Hostages, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 17 De-cember 1979; 
‘‘(E) the Convention on the Physical Pro-
tection of Nuclear Material, done at Vienna on 26 October 1979; 
‘‘(F) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serv-ing International Civil Aviation, supple-mentary to the Convention for the Suppres-sion of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 24 Feb-ruary 1988; 
‘‘(G) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Fixed Platforms Located on the Continental Shelf, done at Rome on 10 March 1988; 
‘‘(H) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of Terrorist Bombings, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 15 December 1997; and 
‘‘(I) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of the Financing of Terrorism, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 9 December 1999; 
‘‘(2) ‘armed conflict’ does not include inter-
nal disturbances and tensions, such as riots, isolated and sporadic acts of violence, and other acts of a similar nature; 
‘‘(3) ‘biological weapon’ means— ‘‘(A) microbial or other biological agents, 
or toxins whatever their origin or method of production, of types and in quantities that have no justification for prophylactic, pro-tective, or other peaceful purposes; or 
‘‘(B) weapons, equipment, or means of de-
livery designed to use such agents or toxins for hostile purposes or in armed conflict; 
‘‘(4) ‘chemical weapon’ means, together or 
separately— 
‘‘(A) toxic chemicals and their precursors, 
except where intended for— ‘‘(i) industrial, agricultural, research, med-
ical, pharmaceutical, or other peaceful pur-poses; 
‘‘(ii) protective purposes, namely those 
purposes directly related to protection against toxic chemicals and to protection against chemical weapons; 
‘‘(iii) military purposes not connected with 
the use of chemical weapons and not depend-ent on the use of the toxic properties of chemicals as a method of warfare; or 
‘‘(iv) law enforcement including domestic 
riot control purposes, 
as long as the types and quantities are con-
sistent with such purposes; 
‘‘(B) munitions and devices, specifically de-
signed to cause death or other harm through the toxic properties of those toxic chemicals specified in subparagraph (A), which would be released as a result of the employment of such munitions and devices; and 
‘‘(C) any equipment specifically designed 
for use directly in connection with the em-ployment of munitions and devices specified in subparagraph (B); 
‘‘(5) ‘covered ship’ means a ship that is 
navigating or is scheduled to navigate into, through or from waters beyond the outer limit of the territorial sea of a single coun-try or a lateral limit of that country’s terri-torial sea with an adjacent country; 
‘‘(6) ‘explosive material’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 841(c) and includes explosive as defined in section 844(j) of this title; 
‘‘(7) ‘infrastructure facility’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 2332f(e)(5) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(9) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a state which are organized, trained, and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security, and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control, and responsibility; 
‘‘(10) ‘national of the United States’ has 
the meaning stated in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(11) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means the 
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, done at Washington, London, and Moscow on 1 July 1968; 
‘‘(12) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty State 
Party’ means any State Party to the Non- Proliferation Treaty, to include Taiwan, which shall be considered to have the obliga-tions under the Non-Proliferation Treaty of a party to that treaty other than a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; 
‘‘(13) ‘Nuclear Weapon State Party to the 
Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means a State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty that is a nuclear-weapon State, as that term is defined in Article IX(3) of the Non-Prolifera-tion Treaty; 
‘‘(14) ‘place of public use’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 2332f(e)(6) of this title; 
‘‘(15) ‘precursor’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 229F(6)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(16) ‘public transport system’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 2332f(e)(7) of this title; 
‘‘(17) ‘serious injury or damage’ means— ‘‘(A) serious bodily injury, ‘‘(B) extensive destruction of a place of 
public use, State or government facility, in-frastructure facility, or public transpor-tation system, resulting in major economic loss, or 
‘‘(C) substantial damage to the environ-
ment, including air, soil, water, fauna, or flora; ‘‘(18) ‘ship’ means a vessel of any type 
whatsoever not permanently attached to the sea-bed, including dynamically supported craft, submersibles, or any other floating craft, but does not include a warship, a ship owned or operated by a government when being used as a naval auxiliary or for cus-toms or police purposes, or a ship which has been withdrawn from navigation or laid up; 
‘‘(19) ‘source material’ has the meaning 
given that term in the International Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; 
‘‘(20) ‘special fissionable material’ has the 
meaning given that term in the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; 
‘‘(21) ‘territorial sea of the United States’ 
means all waters extending seaward to 12 nautical miles from the baselines of the United States determined in accordance with international law; 
‘‘(22) ‘toxic chemical’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 229F(8)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(23) ‘transport’ means to initiate, arrange 
or exercise effective control, including deci-sionmaking authority, over the movement of a person or item; and 
‘‘(24) ‘United States’, when used in a geo-
graphical sense, includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and all territories and possessions of the United States.’’; and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) (as 
added by paragraph (4) of this section) the following: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(f) D
ELIVERY OF SUSPECTED OFFENDER .— 
The master of a covered ship flying the flag of the United States who has reasonable grounds to believe that there is on board that ship any person who has committed an offense under section 2280 or section 2280a may deliver such person to the authorities of a country that is a party to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation. Before delivering such person to the authorities of another country, the master shall notify in an appropriate manner the Attorney General of the United States of the alleged offense and await instructions from the Attorney General as to what action to take. When de-livering the person to a country which is a state party to the Convention, the master shall, whenever practicable, and if possible before entering the territorial sea of such country, notify the authorities of such coun-try of the master’s intention to deliver such person and the reasons therefor. If the mas-ter delivers such person, the master shall furnish to the authorities of such country the evidence in the master’s possession that pertains to the alleged offense. 
‘‘(g)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to 
commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2912 May 13, 2015 
agents, and other persons as may be des-
ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 802. NEW SECTION 2280A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2280 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport involving weapons of mass destruction 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the excep-
tions in subsection (c), a person who unlaw-fully and intentionally— 
‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a ship or discharges 
from a ship any explosive or radioactive ma-terial, biological, chemical, or nuclear weap-on or other nuclear explosive device in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a ship oil, liquefied 
natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(iii) uses a ship in a manner that causes 
death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) transports on board a ship— ‘‘(i) any explosive or radioactive material, 
knowing that it is intended to be used to cause, or in a threat to cause, death to any person or serious injury or damage for the purpose of intimidating a population, or compelling a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(ii) any biological, chemical, or nuclear 
weapon or other nuclear explosive device, knowing it to be a biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device; 
‘‘(iii) any source material, special fission-
able material, or equipment or material es-pecially designed or prepared for the proc-essing, use, or production of special fission-able material, knowing that it is intended to be used in a nuclear explosive activity or in any other nuclear activity not under safe-guards pursuant to an International Atomic Energy Agency comprehensive safeguards agreement, except where— 
‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of the Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(iv) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design or manufacture of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such purpose, except where— 
‘‘(I) the country to the territory of which 
or under the control of which such item is transferred is a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control 
of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(v) any equipment, materials, or software 
or related technology that significantly con-tributes to the delivery of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such pur-pose, except where— 
‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) such item is intended for the delivery 
system of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device of a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; or 
‘‘(vi) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design, manufacture, or delivery of a biological or chemical weapon, with the intention that it will be used for such purpose; 
‘‘(C) transports another person on board a 
ship knowing that the person has committed an act that constitutes an offense under sec-tion 2280 or subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (E) of this section or an offense set forth in an applicable treaty, as specified in section 2280(d)(1), and intending to assist that person to evade criminal prosecution; 
‘‘(D) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (C), or sub-section (a)(2), to the extent that the sub-section (a)(2) offense pertains to subpara-graph (A); or 
‘‘(E) attempts to do any act prohibited 
under subparagraph (A), (B) or (D), or con-
spires to do any act prohibited by subpara-graphs (A) through (E) or subsection (a)(2), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and if the death of any person results from conduct prohibited by this paragraph, shall be im-prisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREATS .—A person who threatens, 
with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a covered ship, if— ‘‘(A) such activity is committed— ‘‘(i) against or on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) at the time the pro-hibited activity is committed; 
‘‘(ii) in the United States, including the 
territorial seas; or 
‘‘(iii) by a national of the United States, by 
a United States corporation or legal entity, or by a stateless person whose habitual resi-dence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) during the commission of such activ-
ity, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, injured, or killed; or 
‘‘(C) the offender is later found in the 
United States after such activity is com-mitted; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a ship navigating or 
scheduled to navigate solely within the terri-torial sea or internal waters of a country other than the United States, if the offender is later found in the United States after such activity is committed; or 
‘‘(3) in the case of any vessel, if such activ-
ity is committed in an attempt to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-
erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be des-ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2280 the following new item: 
‘‘2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport in-volving weapons of mass de-struction.’’. 
SEC. 803. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 2281 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2281 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking the defini-
tions of ‘‘national of the United States,’’ ‘‘territorial sea of the United States,’’ and ‘‘United States’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’. 
SEC. 804. NEW SECTION 2281A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2281 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person who unlawfully 
and intentionally— 
‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a fixed platform or 
discharges from a fixed platform any explo-sive or radioactive material, biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a fixed platform oil, 
liquefied natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) attempts or conspires to do anything 
prohibited under subparagraph (A) or (B), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2913 May 13, 2015 
shall be fined under this title, imprisoned 
not more than 20 years, or both; and if death results to any person from conduct prohib-ited by this paragraph, shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREAT TO SAFETY .—A person who 
threatens, with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform— 
‘‘(A) that is located on the continental 
shelf of the United States; 
‘‘(B) that is located on the continental 
shelf of another country, by a national of the United States or by a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(C) in an attempt to compel the United 
States to do or abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(2) during the commission of such activ-
ity against or on board a fixed platform lo-cated on a continental shelf, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, in-jured, or killed; or 
‘‘(3) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform located outside the United States and beyond the continental shelf of the United States and the offender is later found in the United States. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) ‘continental shelf’ means the sea-bed 
and subsoil of the submarine areas that ex-tend beyond a country’s territorial sea to the limits provided by customary inter-national law as reflected in Article 76 of the 1982 Convention on the Law of the Sea; and 
‘‘(2) ‘fixed platform’ means an artificial is-
land, installation, or structure permanently attached to the sea-bed for the purpose of ex-ploration or exploitation of resources or for other economic purposes.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2281 the following new item: 
‘‘2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms.’’. 
SEC. 805. ANCILLARY MEASURE. 
Section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2280a (relating to maritime safety),’’ before ‘‘2281’’, and by striking ‘‘2281’’ and inserting ‘‘2281 through 2281a’’. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
SEC. 811. NEW SECTION 2332I OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113B of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2332h the following: 
‘‘§ 2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Whoever knowingly and 
unlawfully— 
‘‘(A) possesses radioactive material or 
makes or possesses a device— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury; or 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(B) uses in any way radioactive material 
or a device, or uses or damages or interferes with the operation of a nuclear facility in a 
manner that causes the release of or in-creases the risk of the release of radioactive material, or causes radioactive contamina-tion or exposure to radiation— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause death or serious bodily injury; 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause substantial damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(iii) with the intent to compel a person, 
an international organization or a country to do or refrain from doing an act, 
shall be punished as prescribed in subsection 
(c). 
‘‘(2) T
HREATS .—Whoever, under cir-
cumstances in which the threat may reason-ably be believed, threatens to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). Whoever de-mands possession of or access to radioactive material, a device or a nuclear facility by threat or by use of force shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) A
TTEMPTS AND CONSPIRACIES .—Who-
ever attempts to commit an offense under paragraph (1) or conspires to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be pun-ished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—Conduct prohibited by 
subsection (a) is within the jurisdiction of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the prohibited conduct takes place in 
the United States or the special aircraft ju-
risdiction of the United States; 
‘‘(2) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and— 
‘‘(A) is committed by a national of the 
United States, a United States corporation or legal entity or a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) is committed on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an air-craft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; or 
‘‘(C) is committed in an attempt to compel 
the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat di-rected at the United States; 
‘‘(3) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and a victim or an intended victim is a national of the United States or a United States corporation or legal entity, or the offense is committed against any state or government facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(4) a perpetrator of the prohibited con-
duct is found in the United States. 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Whoever violates this 
section shall be fined not more than $2,000,000 and shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘armed conflict’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; 
‘‘(2) ‘device’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear explosive device; or ‘‘(B) any radioactive material dispersal or 
radiation-emitting device that may, owing to its radiological properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or substantial damage to property or the environment; ‘‘(3) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(4) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control and responsibility; 
‘‘(5) ‘national of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(6) ‘nuclear facility’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear reactor, including reac-
tors on vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space ob-jects for use as an energy source in order to propel such vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space objects or for any other purpose; 
‘‘(B) any plant or conveyance being used 
for the production, storage, processing or transport of radioactive material; or 
‘‘(C) a facility (including associated build-
ings and equipment) in which nuclear mate-rial is produced, processed, used, handled, stored or disposed of, if damage to or inter-ference with such facility could lead to the release of significant amounts of radiation or radioactive material; 
‘‘(7) ‘nuclear material’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(1) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘radioactive material’ means nuclear 
material and other radioactive substances that contain nuclides that undergo sponta-neous disintegration (a process accompanied by emission of one or more types of ionizing radiation, such as alpha-, beta-, neutron par-ticles and gamma rays) and that may, owing to their radiological or fissile properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or sub-stantial damage to property or to the envi-ronment; 
‘‘(9) ‘serious bodily injury’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(4) of this title; 
‘‘(10) ‘state’ has the same meaning as that 
term has under international law, and in-cludes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) ‘state or government facility’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(12) ‘United States corporation or legal 
entity’ means any corporation or other enti-ty organized under the laws of the United States or any State, Commonwealth, terri-tory, possession or district of the United States; 
‘‘(13) ‘vessel’ has the meaning given that 
term in section 1502(19) of title 33; and 
‘‘(14) ‘vessel of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2332h the following: 
‘‘2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLAIMER .—Nothing contained in this 
section is intended to affect the applicability of any other Federal or State law that might pertain to the underlying conduct. 
(d) I
NCLUSION IN DEFINITION OF FEDERAL  
CRIMES OF TERRORISM .—Section 
2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2332i (relating to acts of nuclear terrorism),’’ before ‘‘2339 (re-lating to harboring terrorists)’’. 
SEC. 812. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 831 OF TITLE 
18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 831 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(a) in subsection (a)— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) as paragraphs (4) through (9); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2914 May 13, 2015 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) without lawful authority, inten-
tionally carries, sends or moves nuclear ma-terial into or out of a country;’’; 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (5)’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (9), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (7)’’; 
(b) in subsection (b)— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(7)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(8)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(8)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(9)’’; 
(c) in subsection (c)— 
(1) in subparagraph (2)(A), by adding after 
‘‘United States’’ the following: ‘‘or a state-less person whose habitual residence is in the United States’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (5); (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) the offense is committed on board a 
vessel of the United States or a vessel sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an aircraft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; 
‘‘(6) the offense is committed outside the 
United States and against any state or gov-ernment facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(7) the offense is committed in an attempt 
to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat directed at the United States.’’; 
(d) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (f) as (e) through (g), respectively; 
(e) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’; and 
(f) in subsection (g), as redesignated— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (7), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) the term ‘armed conflict’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; 
‘‘(9) the term ‘military forces of a state’ 
means the armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its in-ternal law for the primary purpose of na-tional defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their formal command, control and re-sponsibility; 
‘‘(10) the term ‘state’ has the same mean-
ing as that term has under international law, and includes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) the term ‘state or government facil-
ity’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2332f(e)(3) of this title; and 
‘‘(12) the term ‘vessel of the United States’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ) 
and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2048, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, as we speak, thou-
sands—no, millions—of telephone metadata records are flowing into the NSA on a daily basis, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Despite changes to the NSA bulk telephone metadata program announced by President Obama last year, the bulk collection of the records has not ceased and will not cease un-less and until Congress acts to shut it down. 
Not even last week’s decision by the 
Second Circuit Court of Appeals will end this collection. The responsibility falls to us, and today we must answer the call and the will of the American people to do just that. 
When we set out to reform this pro-
gram 1 year ago, I made the pledge to my colleagues in Congress and to the American people that Americans’ lib-erty and America’s security can coex-ist, that these fundamental concepts are not mutually exclusive. They are embedded in the very fabric that makes this Nation great and that makes this Nation an example for the world. 
Mr. Speaker, the legislation before 
the House today—H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act—protects these pillars of American democracy. It affirma-tively ends the indiscriminate bulk collection of telephone metadata. But it goes much further than this. It pro-hibits the bulk collection of all records under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, as well as under the FISA pen register trap and trace device statute and the National Security Letter statutes. 
In place of the current bulk tele-
phone metadata program, the USA FREEDOM Act creates a targeted pro-gram that allows the intelligence com-munity to collect non-content call de-tail records held by the telephone com-panies, but only with the prior ap-proval of the FISA court and subject to the ‘‘special selection term’’ limita-tion. The records provided to the gov-ernment in response to queries will be limited to two ‘‘hops,’’ and the govern-ment’s handling of any records it ac-quires will be governed by minimiza-tion procedures approved by the FISA court. 
The USA FREEDOM Act prevents 
government overreach by strength-ening the definition of ‘‘specific selec-tion term’’—the mechanism used to prohibit bulk collection—to ensure the government can collect the informa-
tion it needs to further a national secu-rity investigation while also prohib-iting large-scale, indiscriminate collec-tion, such as data from an entire State, city, or ZIP Code. 
The USA FREEDOM Act strengthens 
civil liberties and privacy protections by authorizing the FISA court to ap-point an individual to serve as amicus curiae from a pool of experts to advise the court on matters of privacy and civil liberties, communications tech-nology, and other technical or legal matters. It also codifies important pro-cedures for recipients of National Secu-rity Letters to challenge nondisclosure requests. 
The bill increases transparency by 
requiring declassification of all signifi-cant FISA court opinions and provides procedures for certified questions of law to the FISA court of review and the United States Supreme Court. 
Additionally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2048 
requires the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence to provide the public with detailed infor-mation about how the intelligence community uses these national secu-rity authorities, and provides even more robust transparency reporting by America’s technology companies. 
The USA FREEDOM Act enhances 
America’s national security by closing loopholes that make it difficult for the government to track foreign terrorists and spies as they enter or leave the country; clarifying the application of FISA to foreign targets who facilitate the international proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction; increasing the maximum penalties for material sup-port of a foreign terrorist organization; and expanding the sunsets of the expir-ing PATRIOT Act provisions to Decem-ber 2019. 
From beginning to end, this is a care-
fully crafted, bipartisan bill that en-joys wide support. I would like to thank the sponsor of this legislation, Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman J
IMSENSENBRENNER ; full 
committee Ranking Member J OHNCON-
YERS ; and Courts, Intellectual Prop-
erty, and the Internet Subcommittee Ranking Member J
ERRY NADLER for 
working together with me on this im-portant bipartisan legislation. 
I also want to thank the staffs of 
these Members for the many hours, weeks, yes, even months of hard work they have put into this effort. Further-more, I would like to thank my staff, Caroline Lynch, the chief counsel of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Secu-rity, and Investigations Subcommittee, and Jason Herring, as well as Aaron Hiller with Mr. C
ONYERS and Bart 
Forsyth with Mr. S ENSENBRENNER for 
their long hours and steadfast dedica-tion to this legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.005 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2915 May 13, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : On April 30, 
2015, the Committee on the Judiciary ordered H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act of 2015, re-ported to the House. 
As you know, H.R. 2048 contains provisions 
that amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act, which is within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. As a result of your prior consulta-tion with the Committee, and in order to ex-pedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 2048, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence will waive further consideration of the bill. 
The Committee takes this action only with 
the understanding that this procedural route should not be construed to prejudice the ju-risdictional interest of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence over this bill or any similar bill. Furthermore, this waiver should not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to the Committee in the future, in-cluding in connection with any subsequent consideration of the bill by the House. The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will seek conferees on the bill during any House-Senate conference that may be con-vened on this legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that you include a 
copy of our exchange of letters on this mat-ter in the Congressional Record during the House debate on H.R. 2048. I appreciate the constructive work between our committees on this matter and thank you for your con-sideration. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, May 7, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 2048, the ‘‘U.S.A. Freedom Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence was granted an additional referral on the bill. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
waive further consideration of H.R. 2048 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I understand the Committee reserves the right to seek the appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, for which you will have my support. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Committee Report as well as 
in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2048. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 8, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : On April 30, 
2015, the Committee on the Judiciary ordered H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act, to be re-ported favorably to the House. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions of the bill that fall within our Rule X juris-diction, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. 
The Committee on Financial Services 
takes this action with our mutual under-standing that, by foregoing consideration of 
H.R. 2048 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation, and that our committee will be appropriately con-sulted and involved as the bill or similar leg-islation moves forward so that we may ad-dress any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for any such request. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2048 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s re-port to accompany the legislation and/or in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration thereof. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you 
for your letter regarding H.R. 2048, the ‘‘U.S.A. Freedom Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Financial services was granted an additional referral on the bill. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
waive further consideration of H.R. 2048 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 1 acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Financial Services is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I understand the Committee re-serves the right to seek the appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, for which you will have my support. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2048. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Ladies and gentlemen, with the pas-
sage of the USA FREEDOM Act today, the House will have done its part to enact historic and sweeping reforms to the government’s surveillance program and powers. This legislation ends bulk collection, creates a panel of experts to 
guide the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court, and mandates extensive government reporting. 
Today we have a rare opportunity to 
restore a measure of restraint to sur-veillance programs that have simply gone too far. For years the government has read section 215 of the PATRIOT Act to mean that it may collect all do-mestic telephone records merely be-cause some of them may be relevant at some time in the future. 
Last week, endorsing a view that I 
and many of my colleagues have held for years, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals held that ‘‘the text of section 215 cannot bear the weight the govern-ment asks us to assign it, and it does not authorize the telephone metadata program.’’ 
Now, with section 215 set to expire on 
June 1, we have the opportunity—and the obligation—to act clearly and deci-sively and end the program that has in-fringed on our rights for far too long. 
A vote in favor of the USA FREE-
DOM Act is an explicit rejection of the government’s unlawful interpretation of section 215 and similar statutes. Put another way, a vote in favor of this bill is a vote to end dragnet surveillance in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, the ban on bulk collec-
tion contained in this legislation turns on the idea of a ‘‘specific selection term’’ and requires the government to limit the scope of production as nar-rowly as possible. This definition is much improved from the version of this bill that passed the House last Con-gress. 
The bill further requires the govern-
ment to declassify and publish all novel and significant opinions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. 
b1430 
It also creates a panel of experts to 
advise the court on the protection of privacy and civil liberties, communica-tions technology, and other legal and technical matters. 
These changes, along with robust re-
porting requirements for the govern-ment and flexible reporting options for private companies, create a new and in-escapable level of that all-important consideration of transparency. The government may one day again at-tempt to expand its surveillance power by clever legal argument, but it will no longer be allowed to do so in secret. 
Mr. Speaker, there are Members of 
the House and Senate who oppose this bill because it does not include every reform to surveillance law that we can create, and then there are others who oppose it because it includes any changes to existing surveillance pro-grams. 
This bill represents a reasonable con-
sensus, and it will accomplish the most sweeping set of reforms to government surveillance in nearly 40 years. 
H.R. 2048 has earned the support of 
privacy advocates, private industry, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.008 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2916 May 13, 2015 
the White House, and the intelligence 
community. It ends dragnet surveil-lance and does so without diminishing in any way our ability to protect this country. 
I want to extend my sincere thanks 
to Chairman G
OODLATTE , to Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER of Wisconsin, and to Mr. 
NADLER of New York for working with 
me to bring a stronger version of the USA FREEDOM Act to the floor. I think we succeeded. I also want to thank Chairman N
UNES and Ranking 
Member S CHIFF for helping us to reach 
this point. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
H.R. 2048, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the chair-
man of the Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigation Sub-committee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-
er, you know you have drafted a strong bill when you unite both national secu-rity hawks and civil libertarians. The USA FREEDOM Act has done that. It also has the support of privacy groups, tech companies, and the intelligence community. 
This bill is an extremely well-drafted 
compromise, the product of nearly 2 years of work. It effectively protects America’s civil liberties and our na-tional security. I am very proud of the USA FREEDOM Act and am confident it is the most responsible path forward. 
I do not fault my colleagues who 
wish that this bill went further to pro-tect our civil liberties. For years, the government has violated the privacy of innocent Americans, and I share your anger, but letting section 215 and other surveillance authorities expire would not only threaten our national secu-rity, it would also mean less privacy protections. I emphasize it would also mean less privacy protections. 
The USA FREEDOM Act also ends 
bulk collections across all domestic surveillance authorities, not just sec-tion 215. It also expands transparency with increased reporting from both government and private companies. If the administration finds a new way to circumvent the law, Congress and the public will know. The bill also requires the FISC to declassify significant legal decisions, bringing an end to secret laws. 
If the PATRIOT Act authorities ex-
pire and the FISC approves bulk collec-tion under a different authority, how will the public know? Without the USA FREEDOM Act, they will not. Allowing the PATRIOT Act authorities to expire sounds like a civil libertarian victory, but it will actually mean less privacy and more risk—less privacy and more risk. 
Now, to my colleagues who oppose 
the USA FREEDOM Act because they don’t believe it does enough for na-tional security, this bill is a significant improvement over the status quo. 
Americans will be safer post USA FREEDOM than they would be if Con-gress passes a clean reauthorization of the expiring provisions. 
I am not ignorant to the threats we 
face, but a clean reauthorization would be irresponsible. Congress never in-tended section 215 to allow bulk collec-tion. That program is illegal and based on a blatant misinterpretation of the law. That said, the FREEDOM Act gives the intelligence community new tools to combat terrorism in more tar-geted and effective ways. 
Specifically, the bill replaces the ad-
ministration’s bulk metadata collec-tion with a targeted program to collect only the records the government needs without compromising the privacy of innocent Americans. 
It includes new authorities to allow 
the administration to expedite emer-gency requests under section 215 and fills holes in our surveillance law that require intelligence agencies to go 
dark on known terrorists or spies when they transit from outside to inside the U.S. or vice versa. 
Under current law, the administra-
tion has to temporarily stop moni-toring persons of interest as it shifts between domestic and international surveillance authorities. What is more likely to stop the next terrorist attack: the bulk collection of innocent Ameri-cans or the ability to track down a known terrorist as soon as he or she enters the United States? 
If you answer that question the same 
way I do, then don’t let the bluster and fear-mongering of the bill’s opponents convince you we are safer with a clean reauthorization than we are with this bill. 
Attorney General Lynch and Direc-
tor of National Intelligence Clapper recognize this. In a recent letter of sup-port, they wrote: 
The significant reforms contained in this 
legislation will provide the public greater confidence in how our intelligence activities are carried out and in the oversight of those activities, while ensuring vital national se-curity authorities remain in place. 
Let’s not kill these important re-
forms because we wish this bill did more. There is no perfect. Every bill we vote on could do more. I play the lot-tery. When I win, I don’t throw away the winning ticket because I wish the jackpot were higher. 
It is time to pass the USA FREEDOM 
Act. I am asking all my colleagues— Democrats and Republicans, security hawks, and civil libertarians—to vote for it. Let’s speak with one voice in the House of Representatives and together urge the United States Senate to work quickly and adopt these important re-forms. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER), to recognize his indefatigable 
work, a senior member of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. Mr. Speaker, the USA FREEDOM Act 
represents a return to the basic prin-ciple of the Fourth Amendment, the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and sei-zures. 
Before the government may search 
our homes, seize our persons, or inter-cept our communications, it must first make a showing of individualized sus-picion. The intrusion it requests must be as targeted and as brief as cir-cumstances allow. The Fourth Amend-ment demands no less. 
That is why we are here today. We 
have learned that the government has engaged in unreasonable searches 
against all of us. It has gathered an enormous amount of information about every phone call in the United States. It has deemed all of our phone calls rel-evant to a terrorism investigation. It is intolerable to our sense of freedom. 
Today, we are acting to stop it. The 
bill before us prohibits the intelligence community from engaging in bulk data collection within the United States. 
This practice, the dragnet collection 
without a warrant of telephone records and Internet metadata, is the contem-porary equivalent of the British writs of assistance that early American revo-lutionaries opposed and that the Fourth Amendment was drafted to out-law. It has never complied with the Constitution and must be brought to an end without delay. 
The legal theories that justified 
these programs were developed and ap-proved in secret, and that practice must also come to an end. There must not be a body of secret law in the United States. 
Section 215 says tangible things may 
be seized if they are relevant to a ter-rorism investigation. The govern-ment’s interpretation that this means ‘‘everything’’ is obviously wrong, could only have been advanced in secret, and cannot withstand the public scrutiny to which it is now subjected. The Sec-ond Circuit Court of Appeals threw out this notion last week, and now, we must do so as well. 
This bill further requires the govern-
ment to promptly declassify and re-lease each novel or significant opinion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court. In the future, if the gov-ernment advances a similarly dubious legal claim, there will be an advocate in court to oppose it. If the court should agree with the novel claim, the public will know about it almost im-mediately, and the responsibility will lie with us to correct it just as quickly. 
Before I close, I want to be clear. Not 
every reform I would have hoped to enact is included in this bill. We must do more to protect U.S. person infor-mation collected under section 702 of FISA. We must act to reform other au-
thorities, many of them law enforce-ment rather than intelligence commu-nity authorities, to prevent indiscrimi-nate searches in other circumstances. 
I will continue to fight for these re-
forms, among others, and I know that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.042 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2917 May 13, 2015 
will not be alone in taking up that 
challenge in the days to come, but I am grateful that we have the opportunity to take this first major step to restore the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-fects and to do so without in any way endangering national security. 
I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE , Chair-
man S ENSENBRENNER , and Ranking 
Member C ONYERS for their continued 
leadership on this legislation, and I urge every one of my colleagues to sup-port this bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Before I yield to the next speaker, I 
want to say to him and his colleagues on the House Intelligence Committee that they did marvelous work in pro-tecting not only the national security, but the civil liberties of Americans. 
They worked with the Judiciary 
Committee together to prove that we can have very high levels of civil lib-erty and very high levels of national security. I thank Chairman N
UNES and 
his staff for that outstanding work. 
Now, it is my pleasure to yield 3 min-
utes to the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ), the chairman of the House 
Intelligence Committee. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 2048, the USA FREE-DOM Act of 2015. 
Ideally, we would reauthorize section 
215 of the U.S. PATRIOT Act and other expiring FISA authorities without making any changes. These provisions authorize important counterterrorism programs, including the NSA bulk tele-phone metadata program. 
What is more, they are constitu-
tional, authorized by Congress, and subject to multiple layers of oversight from all three branches of government. As threats to Americans at home and abroad increase by the day, now is not the time to be weakening our national security with all the tragic con-sequences that may follow. 
However, I also realize that some of 
my colleagues disagree. Despite the fact that the NSA bulk telephone metadata program has never been in-tentionally misused, many Members wish to make changes to increase con-fidence in the program and allow great-er transparency into intelligence ac-tivities. 
Like the bill the House passed last 
year with more than 300 votes, this bill would replace the bulk program that will expire on June 1 with a targeted authority. This new targeted authority will be slower and potentially less ef-fective than the current program. Along with Ranking Member S
CHIFF , I 
have worked with the Judiciary Com-mittee to ensure these changes still allow as much operational flexibility as possible. 
Chairman G
OODLATTE , Ranking Mem-
ber C ONYERS , and Subcommittee Chair-
man S ENSENBRENNER , thank you for 
the constructive work between our committees. In addition, the USA FREEDOM Act 
of 2015 contains several significant measures to improve national security that were not part of last year’s bill. It closes a loophole in current law that requires the government to stop moni-toring the communications of foreign 
terrorists, including ISIL fighters from Syria and Iraq, when they enter the United States. 
It streamlines the process for the 
government to track foreign spies who temporarily leave the United States. It helps the government investigate proliferators of weapons of mass de-struction. It increases the maximum sentence for material support to a for-eign terrorist organization. 
Those changes are real improvements 
that will make it easier for our intel-ligence and law enforcement agencies to keep Americans safe. 
Again, I would prefer a clean reau-
thorization, but the bill we consider today is the best way forward in the House to ensure Congress takes respon-sible action to protect national secu-rity. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES COURTS , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
2048, the ‘‘USA Freedom Act,’’ which was re-cently ordered reported by the Judiciary Committee, to provide perspectives on the legislation, particularly an assessment that the pending version of the bill could impede the effective operation of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Courts. 
In letters to the Committee on January 13, 
2014 and May 13, 2014, we commented on var-ious proposed changes to the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Our com-ments focused on the operational impact of certain proposed changes on the Judicial Branch, particularly the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review (collectively ‘‘FISA Courts’’), but did not express views on core policy choices that the political branches are considering re-garding intelligence collection. In keeping with that approach, we offer views on as-pects of H.R. 2048 that bear directly on the work of the FISA Courts and how that work is presented to the public. We sincerely ap-preciate the ongoing efforts of the bipartisan leadership of all the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction to listen to and attempt to accommodate our perspectives and con-cerns. 
We respectfully request that, if possible, 
this letter be included with your Commit-tee’s report to the House on the bill. 
SUMMARY OF CONCERNS  
We have three main concerns. First, H.R. 
2048 proposes a ‘‘panel of experts’’ for the FISA Courts which could, in our assessment, impair the courts’ ability to protect civil lib-erties by impeding their receipt of complete and accurate information from the govern-ment (in contrast to the helpful amicus cu-riae approach contained in the FISA Im-provements Act of 2013 (‘‘FIA’’), which was approved in similar form by the House in 2014). Second, we continue to have concerns with the prospect of public ‘‘summaries’’ of FISA Courts’ opinions when the opinions themselves are not released to the public. Third, we have a few other specific technical 
concerns with H.R. 2048 as drafted. 
NATURE OF THE FISA COURTS  
With the advent of a new Congress and 
newly proposed legislation, it seems helpful to restate briefly some key attributes of the work of the FISA Courts. 
The vast majority of the work of the FISC 
involves individual applications in which ex-perienced judges apply well-established law to a set of facts presented by the govern-ment—a process not dissimilar to the ex parte consideration of ordinary criminal search warrant applications. Review of en-tire programs of collection and applications involving bulk collection are a relatively small part of the docket, and applications in-volving novel legal questions, though obvi-ously important, are rare. 
In all matters, the FISA Courts currently 
depend on—and will always depend on— prompt and complete candor fom the govern-ment in providing the courts with all rel-evant information because the government is typically the only source of such informa-tion. 
A ‘‘read copy’’ practice—similar to the 
practices employed in some federal district courts for Title III wiretap applications— wherein the government provides the FISC with an advance draft of each planned appli-cation, is the major avenue for court modi-fication of government-sought surveillance. About a quarter of ‘‘read copies’’ are modi-fied or withdrawn at the instigation of the FISC before the government presents a final application—in contrast to the over-whelming majority of formal applications that are approved by the Court because modifications at the ‘‘read copy’’ stage have addressed the Court’s concerns in cases where final applications are submitted. 
The FISC typically operates in an environ-
ment where, for natonal security reasons and because of statutory requirements, time is of the essence, and collateral litigation, includ-ing for discovery, would generally be com-pletely impractical. 
At times, the FISA Courts are presented 
with challenging issues regarding how exist-ing law applies to novel technologies. In these instances, the FISA Courts could ben-efit from a conveniently available expla-nation or evaluation of the technology from an informed non-government source. Con-gress could assist in this regard by clarifying the law to provide mechanisms for this to occur easily (e.g., by providing for pre- cleared experts with whom the Court can share and receive information to the extent it deems necessary). 
THE‘‘PANEL OF EXPERTS ’’ APPROACH OF H .R. 
2048 COULD IMPEDE THE FISA COURTS ’ WORK  
H.R. 2048 provides for what proponents 
have referred to as a ‘‘panel of experts’’ and what in the bill is referred to as a group of at least five individuals who may serve as an ‘‘amicus curiae’’ in a particular matter. However, unlike a true amicus curiae, the FISA Courts would be required to appoint such an individual to participate in any case involving a ‘‘novel or significant interpreta-
tion of law’’ (emphasis added)—unless the court ‘‘issues a finding’’ that appointment is not appropriae. Once appointed, such amici are required to present to the court, ‘‘as ap-propriate,’’ legal arguments in favor of pri-vacy, information about technology, or other ‘‘relevant’’ information. Designated amici are required to have access to ‘‘all relevant’’ legal precedent, as well as certain other ma-terials ‘‘the court determines are relevant.’’ 
Our assessment is that this ‘‘panel of ex-
perts’’ approach could impede the FISA Courts’ role in protecting the civil liberties of Americans. We recognize this may not be the intent of the drafters, but nonetheless it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.043 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2918 May 13, 2015 
is our concern. As we have indicated, the full 
cooperation of rank-and-file government per-sonnel in promptly conveying to the FISA Courts complete and candid factual informa-tion is critical. A perception on their part that the FISA process involves a ‘‘panel of experts’’ officially charged with opposing the government’s efforts could risk deterring the necessary and critical cooperation and can-dor. Specifically, our concern is that impos-ing the mandatory ‘‘duties’’—contained in subparagraph (i)(4) of proposed section 401 (in combination with a quasi-mandatory ap-pointment process)—could create such a per-ception within the government that a stand-ing body exists to oppose intelligence activi-ties. 
Simply put, delays and difficulties in re-
ceiving full and accurate information from Executive Branch agencies (including, but not limited to, cases involving non-compli-ance) present greater challenges to the FISA Courts’ role in protecting civil liberties than does the lack of a non-governmental perspec-tive on novel legal issues or technological developments. To be sure, we would welcome a means of facilitating the FISA Courts’ ob-taining assistance from nongovernmental ex-perts in unusual cases, but it is critically im-portant that the means chosen to achieve that end do not impair the timely receipt of complete and accurate information from the government. 
It is on this point especially that we be-
lieve the ‘‘panel of experts’’ system in H.R. 2048 may prove counterproductive. The infor-mation that the FISA Courts need to exam-ine probable cause, evaluate minimization and targeting procedures, and determine and enforce compliance with court authoriza-tions and orders is exclusively in the hands of the government—specifically, in the first instance, intelligence agency personnel. If disclosure of sensitive or adverse informa-tion to the FISA Courts came to be seen as a prelude to disclosure to a third party whose mission is to oppose or curtail the agency’s work, then the prompt receipt of complete and accurate information from the government would likely be impaired—ulti-mately to the detriment of the national se-curity interest in expeditious action and the 
effective protection of privacy and civil lib-erties. 
In contrast, a ‘‘true’’ amicus curiae ap-
proach, as adopted, for example, in the FIA, facilitates appointment of experts outside the government to serve as amici curiae and render any form of assistance needed by the court, without any implication that such ex-perts are expected to oppose the intelligence activities proposed by the government. For that reason, we do not believe the FIA ap-proach poses any similar risk to the courts’ obtaining relevant information. 
‘‘
SUMMARIES ’’ OF UNRELEASED FISA COURT  
OPINIONS COULD MISLEAD THE PUBLIC  
In our May 13, 2014, letter to the Com-
mittee on H.R. 3361, we shared the nature of our concerns regarding the creation of public ‘‘summaries’’ of court opinions that are not themselves released. The provisions in H.R. 2048 are similar and so are our concerns. To be clear, the FISA Courts have never ob-jected to their opinions—whether in full or in redacted form—being released to the pub-lic to the maximum extent permitted by the Executive’s assessment of national security concerns. Likewise, the FISA Courts have al-ways facilitated the provision of their full opinions to Congress. See, e.g. , FISC Rule of 
Procedure 62(c). Thus, we have no objection to the provisions in H.R. 2048 that call for maximum public release of court opinions. However, a formal practice of creating sum-maries of court opinions without the under-lying opinion being available is unprece-dented in American legal administration. 
Summaries of court opinions can be inad-vertently incorrect or misleading, and may omit key considerations that can prove crit-ical for those seeking to understand the im-port of the court’s full opinion. This is par-ticularly likely to be a problem in the fact- focused area of FISA practice, under cir-cumstances where the government has al-ready decided that it cannot release the un-derlying opinion even in redacted form, pre-sumably because the opinion’s legal analysis is inextricably intertwined with classified facts. 
ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL COMMENTS ON H .R. 2048 
The Judiciary, like the public, did not par-
ticipate in the discussions between the Ad-ministration and congressional leaders that led to H.R. 2048 (publicly released on April 28, 2015 and reported by the Judiciary Committe without changes on April 30). In the few days we have had to review the bill, we have noted a few technical concerns that we hope can be addressed prior to finaliza-tion of the legislation, should Congress choose to enact it. These concerns (all in the amicus curiae subsection) include: 
Proposed subparagraph (9) appears inad-
vertently to omit the ability of the FISA Courts to train and administer amici be-tween the time they are designated and the time they are appointed. 
Proposed subparagraph (6) dots not make 
any provision for a ‘‘true amicus’’ appointed under subparagraph (2)(B) to receive nec-essary information. 
We are concerned that a lack of parallel 
construction in proposed clause (6)(A)(i) (ap-parently differentiating between access to legal precedent as opposed to access to other materials) could lead to confusion in its ap-plication. 
We recommend adding additional language 
to clarify that the exercise of the duties under proposed subparagraph (4) would occur in the context of Court rules (for example, deadlines and service requirements). 
We believe that slightly greater clarity 
could be provided regarding the nature of the obligations referred to in proposed subpara-graph (10). 
These concerns would generally be avoided 
or addressed by substituting the FIA ap-proach. Furthermore, it bears emphasis that, even if H.R. 2048 were amended to address all of these technical points, our more funda-mental concerns about the ‘‘panel of ex-perts’’ approach would not be fully assuaged. Nonetheless, our staff stands ready to work with your staff to provide suggested textual changes to address each of these concerns. 
Finally, although we have no particular 
objection to the requirement in this legisla-tion of a report by the Director of the AO, Congress should be aware that the AO’s role would be to receive information from the FISA Courts and then simply transmit the report as directed by law. 
For the sake of brevity, we are not restat-
ing here all the comments in our previous correspondence to Congress on proposed leg-islation similar to H.R. 2048. However, the issues raised in those letters continue to be of importance to us. 
We hope these comments are helpful to the 
House of Representatives in its consideration of this legislation. If we may be of further assistance in this or any other matter, please contact me or our Office of Legisla-tive Affairs. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES C. D UFF, 
Director. 
b1445 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 21⁄2minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L OF-
GREN ), an effective member of the 
House Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve this bill makes meaningful re-form to a few of the surveillance pro-grams, but it in no way stops all of the bulk collection of U.S. person commu-nications currently occurring. This bill won’t stop the most egregious and widely reported privacy violations that occur under section 702 and Executive Order No. 12333. 
In a declassified decision, the FISA 
court said that the NSA had been col-lecting substantially more U.S. person communications through its upstream collection program than it had origi-nally told the court. With upstream collection, the NSA directly taps into international Internet cables to search through all of the communications that flow through it, looking for com-munications that map certain criteria. 
Four years ago, the court found that 
the government was collecting tens of thousands of wholly domestic commu-nications a year. Why? Because all of your data is everywhere. No accurate estimate can be given for the even larg-er number of communications collected in which a U.S. person was a party to the communication. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
confirmed the government searches this vast amount of data, including the content of email and of telephone calls, without individualized suspicion, prob-able cause, and without a warrant. The Director of the FBI says they use infor-mation to build criminal cases against U.S. persons. This is an end run around the Fourth Amendment, and it has to stop. 
This bill did not create those prob-
lems. However, this bill doesn’t correct those problems. During the markup of the bill, Chairman G
OODLATTE stated 
that these issues would be next, but we can’t afford to wait until the final hour of expiration to take action like we did with this bill. To do so would mean at least another 2 years of the mass sur-veillance of Americans, which is un-conscionable. Last year, the House voted 293–123 to close these backdoor loopholes, but the Rules Committee would not allow the House to vote today to put these fixes into this bill. 
I voted in committee to advance this 
bill for a couple of reasons, and I do want to thank all of the members who worked on this but single out Congress-man J
IMSENSENBRENNER , who was the 
author of the bill and who has worked so hard to make sure that improve-ments are made. The bill is an im-provement over a straight reauthoriza-tion of the bill. I also listened carefully to the verbal commitments that the 702 fix would be included, and I reserve the right to oppose this bill when it comes back from the Senate if we can’t close these loopholes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.009 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2919 May 13, 2015 
member of the House Judiciary Com-
mittee and an original cosponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. FORBES. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the USA FREEDOM Act, which passed the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support just 2 weeks ago. 
The bill accomplishes the twin goals 
of protecting our Nation from our en-emies while safeguarding the civil lib-erties that our servicemembers fight for every day. 
Americans across the country have 
called for the NSA to listen less and elected officials to listen more. The USA FREEDOM Act will end the NSA’s bulk collection program, which was es-tablished under section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act, and it will further protect Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights by strengthening oversight and ac-countability of the intelligence com-munity. 
As a member of the House Armed 
Services Committee, I work with our servicemembers and military leaders daily to ensure our adversaries do not harm this great Nation. That is why I applaud Chairman G
OODLATTE and Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER for including provi-
sions in the bill to address the growing threat of ISIL. 
With continued threats of terrorism, 
our Nation’s intelligence community must be equipped to protect our Nation and national security interests. How-ever, any intelligence framework must be confined within the boundaries of the United States Constitution. Strik-ing this balance between safeguarding privacy and protecting Americans is a challenge in today’s post-9/11 world, but it is one that should not tip to-wards allowing the government to trample on our constitutional rights. Security must not come at the cost of Americans’ liberties. That is why I urge my colleagues today to support this bill. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the dis-
tinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the ranking member and the chairman of the full committee. As my col-leagues have done, let me also ac-knowledge the chairman of the Crime Subcommittee, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , on 
which I serve as the ranking member. As many have noted, let me acknowl-edge the work of Mr. G
OODLATTE and 
Mr. C ONYERS and their leadership on a 
very important statement on behalf of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the USA FREEDOM Act 
is the House’s unified response to the unauthorized disclosures and subse-quent publication in the media in June 2013 regarding the National Security Agency’s collection from Verizon of the phone records of all of its American customers which were authorized by the FISA court pursuant to section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. 
You can imagine, Mr. Speaker, the 
public was not happy. There was jus-tifiable concern on the part of the pub-
lic and by a large percentage of the Members of this body that the extent and scale of the NSA data collection bundling, which, by orders of mag-nitude, exceeded anything previously authorized or contemplated, may have constituted an unwarranted invasion of privacy and a threat to the civil lib-erties of Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been a decade- 
plus-long member of the Homeland Se-curity Committee. I do not in any way want to infringe upon the security of this Nation, but if we allow the terror-ists to terrorize us, then we are in very bad shape, and I am glad the voices of opposition were raised. 
To quell the growing controversy, 
the Director of National Intelligence declassified and released limited infor-mation about the program, but it did not, by any means, satisfy the concern raised by Americans. The DNI stated that the only type of information ac-quired under the court’s order was tele-phone metadata, such as telephone numbers dialed and length of calls. That did not satisfy our concern. 
I am very pleased that we are here on 
the floor of the House putting forward something that addresses the concerns but that does not undermine the secu-rity of America. For example, I intro-duced the FISA court in the Sunshine Act of 2013 in response to this. Without compromising national security, it was bipartisan legislation that gave much- needed transparency to the decision or-ders and opinions of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court, or FISA. 
My bill would require the Attorney 
General to disclose each decision. I am glad that, in this bill, we have posi-tions and points where the Attorney General is conducting declassification review. I am also pleased that the bill before us contains an explicit prohibi-tion and a restraint, pursuant to sec-tion 215, on the bulk collection of tan-gible things. 
We are making a difference with the 
USA FREEDOM Act, and it is inter-esting that groups as different as the R Street Institute and the Human Rights Watch are, in essence, supporting this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that we can do 
what we need to do by passing this leg-islation and by then going to an amendment on section 702, which I will support. Security goes along with pro-tection, and I believe this particular legislation does it. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Ju-
diciary Committee and an original co-sponsor, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2048, the ‘‘USA Freedom Act,’’ which is stands for ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ending Eavesdropping, Dragnet-collec-tion, and Online Monitoring Act.’’ 
I support the USA Freedom Act for several 
reasons: 
1. The bill ends all bulk collection of busi-
ness records under Section 215 and prohibits bulk collection under the FISA Pen Register/ Trap and Trace Device authority and National Security Letter authorities. 2. The USA Freedom Act strengthens the 
definition of ‘‘specific selection term,’’ the mechanism used to prohibit bulk collection, which prevents large-scale, indiscriminate data collection while at the same time ensuring the government can collect the information it needs to further a national security investiga-tion. 
3. The USA Freedom Act strengthens pro-
tections for civil liberties by creating a panel of experts to advise the FISA Court on matters of privacy and civil liberties, communications technology, and other technical or legal mat-ters and also codifies important procedures for recipients of National Security Letters. 
4. The bill increases transparency by requir-
ing declassification of all significant opinions of the FISA Court and provides procedures for certified questions of law to the FISA Court of Review and the Supreme Court. 
5. The USA Freedom Act requires the Attor-
ney General and the Director of National Intel-ligence to provide the public with detailed guidance about how they can use these na-tional security authorities, and provides even more reporting by America’s technology com-panies. 
6. The USA Freedom Act contains several 
important national security enhancements, in-cluding closing loopholes that make it difficult for the government to track foreign terrorists and spies as they enter or leave the country. 
The USA Freedom Act is the House’s uni-
fied response to the unauthorized disclosures and subsequent publication in the media in June 2013 regarding the National Security Agency’s collection from Verizon of the phone records of all of its American customers, which was authorized by the FISA Court pursuant to Section 215 of the Patriot Act. 
Public reaction to the news of this massive 
and secret data gathering operation was swift and negative. 
There was justifiable concern on the part of 
the public and a large percentage of the Mem-bers of this body that the extent and scale of this NSA data collection operation, which ex-ceeded by orders of magnitude anything pre-viously authorized or contemplated, may con-stitute an unwarranted invasion of privacy and threat to the civil liberties of American citizens. 
To quell the growing controversy, the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence declassified and re-leased limited information about this program. According to the DNI, the information acquired under this program did not include the content of any communications or the identity of any subscriber. 
The DNI stated that ‘‘the only type of infor-
mation acquired under the Court’s order is te-lephony metadata, such as telephone num-bers dialed and length of calls.’’ 
The assurance given by the DNI, to put it 
mildly, was not very reassuring. 
In response, many Members of Congress, 
including the Ranking Member C
ONYERS , and 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and myself, introduced 
legislation in response to the disclosures to ensure that the law and the practices of the executive branch reflect the intent of Congress in passing the USA Patriot Act and subse-quent amendments. 
For example, I introduced H.R. 2440, the 
‘‘FISA Court in the Sunshine Act of 2013,’’ bi-partisan legislation, that provided much need-ed transparency without compromising na-tional security to the decisions, orders, and opinions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court or ‘‘FISA Court.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.044 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2920 May 13, 2015 
Specifically, my bill required the Attorney 
General to disclose each decision, order, or opinion of a Foreign Intelligence Survellance Court (FISC), allowing Americans to know how broad of a legal authority the government is claiming under the PATRIOT ACT and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to conduct the surveillance needed to keep Americans safe. 
I am pleased that these requirements are in-
corporated in substantial part in the USA Free-dom Act, which requires the Attorney General to conduct a declassification review of each decision, order, or opinion of the FISA court that includes a significant construction or inter-pretation of law and to submit a report to Con-gress within 45 days. 
As I indicated, perhaps the most important 
reasons for supporting passage of H.R. 2048 is the bill’s prohibition on domestic bulk collec-tion, as well as its criteria for specifying the in-formation to be collected, applies not only to Section 215 surveillance activities but also to other law enforcement communications inter-ception authorities, such as national security letters. 
Finally, I strongly support the USA Freedom 
Act because Section 301 of the bill continues to contain protections agains ‘‘reverse tar-geting,’’ which became law when an earlier Jackson Lee Amendment was included in H.R. 3773, the RESTORE Act of 2007. 
‘‘Reverse targeting,’’ a concept well known 
to members of this Committee but not so well understood by those less steeped in the arcana of electronic surveillance, is the prac-tice where the government targets foreigners without a warrant while its actual purpose is to collect information on certain U.S. persons. 
One of the main concerns of libertarians 
and classical conservatives, as well as pro-gressives and civil liberties organizations, in giving expanded authority to the executive branch was the temptation of national security agencies to engage in reverse targeting may be difficult to resist in the absence of strong safeguards to prevent it. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment, preserved in 
Section 301 of the USA Freedom Act, reduces even further any such temptation to resort to reverse targeting by making any information concerning a United States person obtained improperly inadmissible in any federal, state, or local judicial, legal, executive, or administra-tive proceeding. 
Mr. Speaker, I noted in an op-ed published 
way back in October 2007, that as Alexis DeTocqueville, the most astute student of American democracy, observed nearly two centuries ago, the reason democracies invari-ably prevail in any military conflict is because democracy is the governmental form that best rewards and encourages those traits that are indispensable to success: initiative, innovation, courage, and a love of justice. 
I support the USA Freedom Act because it 
will help keep us true to the Bill of Rights and strikes the proper balance between cherished liberties and smart security. 
I urge my colleagues to support the USA 
Freedom Act. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), a member of the House 
Judiciary Committee and an original cosponsor of this bill. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act, of 
which I am proud to be an original co-sponsor. 
This vital bill will reform our Na-
tion’s intelligence-gathering programs to end the bulk collection of data, strengthen Americans’ civil liberties, and protect our homeland from those who wish to do us harm. 
In passing this legislation, we can 
provide officials with the tools they need to combat terrorist groups, such as ISIL, by closing a current loophole that requires the government to stop tracking foreign terrorists upon their entering the United States. 
This bill will also provide for the ro-
bust oversight of our intelligence agen-cies by requiring additional reporting standards on how FISA authorities are employed. Furthermore, H.R. 2048 will prevent government overreach and will increase privacy protections by ending the large-scale, indiscriminate collec-tion of data, which includes all records from an entire State, city, or ZIP Code. 
With section 215 of the PATRIOT Act 
set to expire soon, it is vital that Con-gress acts quickly to pass this bipar-tisan bill so that we can keep our coun-try safe and so that we can work to re-store the trust of the American people. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-
guished gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. Speaker, in a democracy, there 
must be a balance between effective national security protection on the one hand and a healthy respect for privacy and civil liberties interests on the other. This is a balance that traces all the way back to the founding of the Republic. It is rooted most promi-nently in the Bill of Rights, in the Con-stitution, in the Fourth Amendment. Yet, in its zeal to protect the home-land, our national security apparatus overreached into the lives of everyday, hard-working Americans in a manner that was inconsistent with our tradi-tional notions of privacy and civil lib-erties. This overreach was unnecessary, unacceptable, and unconstitutional. 
By ending bulk collection through 
section 215, we have taken a substan-tial step in the right direction toward restoring the balance. More must be done, but I am going to support this legislation because of the meaningful effort that has been made to help strike the appropriate balance. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA), 
who is the chairman of the Courts, In-tellectual Property, and the Internet Subcommittee and a strong supporter of this legislation. 
Mr. ISSA. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, each person who comes 
up here will talk to you about the painstaking work that the chairman and the ranking member went through to craft a bill that would both strengthen our security, following on with things we have learned since the 
enactment of the PATRIOT Act, and also make changes based on both les-sons learned of things the PATRIOT Act overdid and excesses by the Presi-dential usurping of the intent of Con-gress. We have achieved that by a 25–2 vote in our committee, a vote that is almost unheard of. 
I think, most importantly, though, 
we are doing something the American people need to know, and that is we are bringing transparency to the process for the first time. Under this legisla-tion, a FISA court, working in secrecy, that makes a decision to expand or to in some other way add more surveil-lance will have to publish those find-ings, declassify them, and make them available not just to Congress but to the American people. 
We cannot guarantee that behind 
closed doors secret—and necessarily se-cret—judge actions would always be what we would like, but under this re-form, we can ensure that Congress and the American people will have the transparency and oversight as to those actions, not by whom they were after but what they did. That is going to bring the true reform that has been needed in a process in which the trust of the American people has been in doubt since the Snowden revelation. 
I, personally, want to thank the 
ranking member and the chairman. This could not have happened without bipartisan work and without the sup-port of those who want to strengthen our security and of those who want to strengthen and retain our freedoms under the Fourth Amendment. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. 
D
ELBENE). 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the Second Circuit confirmed what a lot of Members have been say-ing for years: the NSA has brazenly ex-ploited the PATRIOT Act to conduct surveillance far beyond what the law permits; but the court refrained from enforcing its decision, instead placing the burden on Congress to protect Americans from unwarranted mass sur-veillance. 
That is why I am proud to be a co-
sponsor of this year’s USA FREEDOM Act, a serious reform bill that would go a long way to protecting Americans’ privacy by ending bulk collection and by creating greater transparency, over-sight, and accountability. 
b1500 
After the House acts today, it is up 
to the Senate leaders to pass these re-forms or let the expiring provisions of the PATRIOT Act sunset on June 1 be-cause a clean reauthorization is abso-lutely unacceptable. I urge my col-leagues in each Chamber to support this critical effort to end bulk collec-tion and protect both Americans’ pri-vacy and America’s security. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.012 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2921 May 13, 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. I thank the 
chairman for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a former CIA officer, 
I completely understand the need for the men and women in our intelligence agencies to have access to timely, vital information as they track down bad guys. 
As an American citizen, I know how 
important our civil rights are and that it is the government’s job to protect those rights, not infringe upon them. I believe that we, as a nation, as a gov-ernment, as a people can do both, and that is why I am supporting the USA FREEDOM Act. Because it prioritizes both and strikes the right balance be-tween privacy and security, Americans can rest assured that their private in-formation isn’t being subjected to bulk collection by the NSA. They can be confident that there are privacy ex-perts advising the FISA court advo-cating for our civil liberties, and they can be proud of an intelligence commu-nity who works hard every day to make sure that our country is pro-tected. 
I have seen firsthand the value these 
programs bring, but I also know that if Americans don’t feel they can trust their own government, we are losing the battle right here at home. It is my hope that this bill will increase trans-parency and accountability to the pro-gram so that our hard-working intel-ligence community can continue their job of defending the country, and American citizens can be confident that they are being protected from en-emies both foreign and domestic. Up-holding civil liberties are not burdens; they are what make all of us safer and stronger. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 8 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), 
who is the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I ask unan-imous consent that he be permitted to manage that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding me the time, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
First, let me say thank you to Chair-
man G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member 
CONYERS as well as to my colleague, 
Chairman N UNES . We have worked this 
issue together for a long time, and I am very proud of the bipartisan legislation that we have produced. I also want to thank the administration that worked with us so long and hard, and the work done in the last Congress by former HPSCI Chairman Mike Rogers and former HPSCI Ranking Member D
UTCH  
RUPPERSBERGER . I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 2048. 
This Nation was founded on the revo-
lutionary principle that liberty need not be sacrificed to security, that pub-lic safety can and must coexist with in-dividual liberty. Our Founders set out 
to create a lasting Union and a great Nation, one in which the people would be free to govern themselves, to ex-press themselves, to worship for them-selves, while also being secure in their homes, their papers, and their persons. 
Nearly two-and-a-half centuries 
later, it is easy to forget that these freedoms were enshrined in the Con-stitution amidst great peril. Americans had only recently fought a war for independence and would be confronted by powerful and often hostile forces in the future, including the powerful em-pires of Britain, France, and Spain. Here were truly existential threats, and still the Founders said, We can be secure and we can be free. They were 
right; we can and we must. 
So today, at another moment of na-
tional danger, we are challenged to re-affirm our commitment to these twin imperatives—security and liberty—and to prove again that we can find the right balance for our times. The USA FREEDOM Act strikes that delicate but vitally important balance. 
On the side of freedom, it ends bulk 
collection, not just of telephone metadata under section 215, but of any bulk collection under any other au-thority. It creates a specific procedure for telephone metadata that allows the government, upon court approval, to query the data that the telephone com-panies already keep, something I have long advocated. It increases trans-parency by requiring a declassification review of all significant FISA court opinions and by requiring the govern-ment to provide the public with de-tailed information about how they use these national security authorities. And it provides for a panel of experts to advocate for privacy and civil lib-erties before the FISA court, also something that I have advocated for quite sometime. 
At the same time, the USA FREE-
DOM Act of 2015 preserves important capabilities and makes further na-tional security enhancements by clos-ing loopholes that make it difficult for the government to track foreign ter-rorists and spies as they enter or leave the country, clarifying the application of FISA to those who facilitate the international proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and increasing the maximum penalties for those who pro-vide material support for terrorism. This is a strong bill and should advance with such an overwhelming majority that it compels the Senate to act. 
But this is not a one-and-done legis-
lative fix or the end of our work. Rath-er, it is a reaffirmation of our commit-ment to constantly recalibrate our laws to make sure that privacy and se-curity are coexisting and mutually re-inforcing. While the public may have begun its debate on these programs 2 years ago, many of us—myself in-cluded—have been working these issues long before, and we will continue to work them long afterwards. That is our responsibility and the great obligation the Founders bequeathed to us. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLD-
ING). 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Virginia, the chair of the Committee on the Judiciary, for both the time today and for his dili-gent work on the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, the world we live in is a 
dangerous place. Indeed, it is far more dangerous than it ever has been. Acts of terror reached a record level last year, and with the wickedness of groups like ISIS and Boko Haram showing continued, complete disregard for human life, our Nation must always remain prepared and vigilant. 
The legislation before us today, Mr. 
Speaker, builds on the reforms from the legislation passed last Congress, championed by my friend Representa-tive S
ENSENBRENNER , and it accounts 
for the absolute need to protect civil liberties while also remaining clear- eyed and vigilant about the real threats that we face every day around the world. 
I thank the chairman and I thank the 
committee for their work. I urge sup-port for H.R. 2048. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ). 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in strong support of the USA FREEDOM Act, which virtually deletes the National Security Agency’s data-base of Americans’ phone and email records. The bulk collection of what we know now as metadata will end. 
Under this bill, the government will 
now have to seek court approval before petitioning private cell phone compa-nies for records. The court will have to approve each application except in emergencies, and major court decisions will be made public. 
It is very similar to legislation draft-
ed and introduced last year by the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, under the leadership of former Chairman Rogers and myself, together with our colleagues on the Committee on the Judiciary, led by Congressmen G
OODLATTE and C ONYERS . That bill 
passed with an overwhelming bipar-tisan majority, and I want to thank Congressmen G
OODLATTE and C ONYERS , 
as well as Congressmen S CHIFF and 
NUNES , also with Congressmen S ENSEN -
BRENNER and N ADLER and other Mem-
bers who worked hard and continued the pursuit on this much-needed re-form. 
We need this bill, though, to keep our 
country safe. Section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act, which is the part that le-galizes much of NSA’s critical work to protect us from terrorists, expires in less than 3 weeks, on June 1. If we do not reauthorize it with the reforms de-manded by the public, essential capa-bilities to track legitimate terror sus-pects will expire also. That couldn’t happen at a worse time. We live in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.046 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2922 May 13, 2015 
dangerous world. The threats posed by 
ISIS and other terrorist groups are just the tip of the iceberg. 
We also need strong defenses against 
increasingly aggressive cyberterrorists and the lone wolf terrorists who are often American citizens, for example. This bill restores Americans’ con-fidence that the government is not snooping on its own citizens by improv-ing the necessary checks and balances to our democracy. This bill balances the need to protect our country with the need to protect our constitutional rights and civil liberties. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
ARINO ), chairman of our 
Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee and a strong supporter of this legislation. 
Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman 
for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
USA FREEDOM Act. I applaud my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on a true compromise piece of legislation. It protects the pri-vacy of American citizens, according to the Constitution, while ensuring our national security, which is a priority. I understand the importance of reau-thorizing these important FISA provi-sions. 
As a U.S. attorney, I had these tools 
at my disposal, and I used them to pro-tect Americans in Pennsylvania and across the country. We needed them at the time, and we need them now. How-ever, I equally understand the impor-tance of also protecting the privacy in-terests of American citizens. The act ends bulk collection; it strengthens protections of civil liberties; it in-creases transparency; all while ensur-ing that our intelligence and national security agencies have the tools they need to fight terrorism abroad. In addi-tion, the USA FREEDOM Act protects American citizens at home. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES). 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin by thanking the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as Chairman N
UNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF of 
the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for their good, bipartisan work on a bill that I think is long over-due. 
The good work on this bill, Mr. 
Speaker, goes back to the fact that the PATRIOT Act, a piece of legislation crafted in haste and in fear after the tragic events of 9/11, in my opinion, pushed the boundaries too far on the government’s ability to surveil and gather information on people, includ-ing American citizens. 
The USA FREEDOM Act, which I 
stand today to support, goes a very long way to restoring an appropriate balance between the imperative of na-tional security and the civil liberties which we hold so dear. This bill makes important reforms to the FISA court, 
but, importantly, it prohibits—I will say again, prohibits—the bulk collec-tion, under section 215, under the pen register authorities, and under Na-tional Security Letter statutes, of data on American citizens. Americans will now rest easy knowing that their calls or other records will not be warehoused by the government, no matter how careful that government is in the pro-cedures it uses to access those files. 
Mr. Speaker, whatever the legal in-
terpretations, most recently defini-tively ruled upon by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, whatever the legal interpretations, there is something about the idea of a government keeping extensive records on its free citizens which damages our intuitive sense of freedom and liberty. So whatever the law and whatever the legal interpreta-tions—and I do believe those have been settled—what we do here today, which is to say that the government of the United States will not keep detailed call or other bulk records on its free citizens, I believe is an important step forward for this country. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote in 
favor of the USA FREEDOM Act. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California has 30 seconds remaining, the gentleman from Vir-ginia has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining, and 
the gentleman from Michigan has 61⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, 30 
seconds, is that the total amount of time the other side has? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mi-
nority has 7 minutes total remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, once again 
I want to thank my colleagues for their good work. I also want to acknowledge Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for his strong ad-
vocacy on this measure. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
b1515 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker and Members of the 
House, I would like to simply ask my colleagues to reject an unlawful sur-veillance program, to restore limits to a range of surveillance authorities, to compel the government to act with some measure of transparency, and to end the practice of dragnet surveil-lance in the United States. 
In addition, I would like to thank the 
staff who have worked so hard on this bill: Caroline Lynch, Jason Herring, Bart Forsyth, Lara Flint, Chan Park, Matthew Owen, and Aaron Hiller. 
I close by thanking in advance my 
colleagues who, like many of us, are in-clined to strongly support H.R. 2048. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. From the founding of the American 
Republic, this country has been en-gaged in a profound debate about the responsibilities and the limits of our Federal Government. 
The tension between these two essen-
tial functions of the government did not suddenly spring into existence in this age of cyber attacks and terrorist plots. Americans have long grappled with their need for security and their innate desire to protect their personal liberty from government intrusion. 
Benjamin Franklin is often quoted as 
saying: 
Those who would give up essential liberty 
to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. 
After the horrific attacks on Sep-
tember 11, the country was determined not to allow such an attack to occur again. The changes we made then to our intelligence laws helped keep us safe from implacable enemies. Today, we renew our commitment to our Na-tion’s security and the safety of the American people. 
We also make this pledge that the 
United States of America will remain a nation whose government answers to the will of its people. This country must be what it always has been, a bea-con of freedom to the world, a place where the principles of the Founders— including the commitment to indi-vidual liberties—will continue to live, protected and nourished for future gen-erations. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important bipartisan leg-islation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, last week a 
federal appeals court declared that the NSA’s bulk data collection on American citizens over the past 14 years was illegal. So why is Con-gress considering a bill that would legalize a program already deemed illegal? Unfortu-nately, that is what the USA FREEDOM Act does, and I believe codifies a program that violates the Constitution. When the Fourth Amendment says that the American people have the right to be free from warrantless searches and seizures of themselves and their property, I think it’s a pretty clear statement on the limits of governmental action. Unfortu-nately, the bill today does not fully protect that right and accordingly I don’t support it. The bill’s purpose was to rein in the NSA’s bulk data collection program but failed on that front, and I wanted to offer a few thoughts as to why. 
First, the bill uses broad language to define 
who and what the government can search, which means that it still could technically col-lect Americans’ information in bulk—just not as much as before. The bill does this by leav-ing the door open for the government to search geographic regions instead of the en-tire country as it does now. For example, the government could require phone companies to turn over all the records of their customers in South Carolina or even in a town like Mt. Pleasant in my district. I don’t think the Found-ing Fathers’ intent of the Fourth Amendment was to have it apply only in cases of nation- wide warrantless searches; rather it should apply to any search anywhere. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.047 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2923 May 13, 2015 
Second, the bill doesn’t even address a part 
of the PATRIOT Act called Section 702 that covers data that crosses our borders. This section allows the government to sweep up the content of an American citizen’s emails, in-stant messages and web browsing history just because they happen to be communicating with someone outside the U.S. In fact, the former NSA director General Keith Alexander 
admitted that the NSA specifically searches Section 702 data using ‘‘U.S. person identi-fiers.’’ This so-called ‘‘back door search loop-hole’’ should have been closed in this bill be-cause it violates the Fourth Amendment by getting around the warrant requirement. The notion that Americans’ rights are contingent on the geography of where a call is directed is not consistent with the Constitution and high-lights why this particular section needs to be changed. 
Third, this bill does not require the govern-
ment to destroy information obtained on Amer-icans who are not connected to an investiga-tion. The way this happens is the government stores the information it collected on a par-ticular phone call, even if one of those individ-uals on the call is suspected of no wrong-doing. The Constitution I believe is rather clear in the principle that organizations like the NSA and the FBI should not be able to store infor-mation that is inadvertently collected on peo-ple who are not suspected of committing a crime, and at a very minimum the FREEDOM Act does not use this opportunity to shine a light on the problem. 
Pericles, the Greek general of Athens, once 
said that ‘‘Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.’’ Ultimately, I believe this bill is another missed opportunity for Congress to address what the judiciary has now ruled to be the un-constitutional and unlawful actions of the Ex-ecutive branch. It really matters the Second Circuit federal court in New York issued an opinion last week stating that the NSA has stretched the meaning of the text of the PA-TRIOT Act so that it no longer represents con-gressional intent and called the NSA’s bulk data collection illegal. It really matters that this bill would codify actions of the NSA that were ruled to be outside the bounds of law. I think it also matters that the debate that is taking place is as old as civilization as there has al-ways been a tension between security and freedom. And it really matters that historically those civilizations that have given up freedom in the interest of security have historically lost both. For all these reasons each one of us should care deeply about what happens next on bulk collections at the NSA—and the way this bill comes up short in protecting liberty’s foundation, civil liberty. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, out of ne-
cessity to reauthorize the expiring intelligence gathering authorities, I reluctantly vote for H.R. 2048. A recent federal appeals court decision has increased our need to address these au-thorities. Unfortunately, their pending expira-tion is now forcing Congress to act hastily rather than take the necessary time to ade-quately analyze the court’s decision and up-date the laws accordingly. 
I recognize the distrust created by the 
Obama Administration’s abuse of power, as well as the damage caused by recent intel-ligence leaks containing fragments, inaccura-cies, and speculation. It is unfortunate that those actions will continue to make it more dif-ficult to gather the information necessary to 
counter terrorism. It is even more alarming that this trend will inevitably make our country less safe. 
Very few Americans will ever learn the full 
details of the considerable successes of the National Security Agency (NSA). But through the dedication and commitment of its men and women, the NSA has helped to keep our na-tion and its citizens safe. I remain confident in their professionalism as they strive to prevent future terrorist attacks and support our 
warfighters overseas. 
I believe the first job of the federal govern-
ment is to defend the country and protect our citizens within the framework of the Constitu-tion, and I will continue to do all I can to con-tribute to that effort. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, tonight I must rise 
to voice my concerns with the USA Freedom Act. While I recognize the improvements this bill attempts to make with regard to mass sur-veillance and information gathering efforts, I simply cannot vote for this bill. 
I was pleased to hear that the Second Cir-
cuit Court recently found metadata collection to be illegal and commend the bi-partisan work that resulted in a bill that attempts to ad-here to the court’s decision. I recognize that the USA Freedom Act includes positive changes such as tighter language dictating when the NSA can access a database of call records, new allowances that grant technology companies the right to disclose governmental inquiries to their users and increases penalties for people caught aiding in terrorist efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that other pro-
visions in the bill would continue to allow for large swaths of information gathering. Simply put, I cannot vote for a bill that does not pro-tect the privacy enshrined in the Fourth Amendment and guaranteed to all Americans. The risk of faulty information collection is not a risk I am willing to take with any American’s privacy. Upholding the U.S. Constitution is non-negotiable. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
submit for the R
ECORD my strong support of 
H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act of 2015, which I am proud to cosponsor. 
This bipartisan bill will go a long way to 
reign in the abusive bulk surveillance practices that have left many Americans concerned for their privacy protections. 
Furthermore, this bill will establish additional 
civil liberty protections and increased trans-parency, accountability, and oversight for over our national security practices. 
As a policymaker, I am proud to support 
legislation that will protect our values of pri-vacy and civil liberties while also providing our national security officials with the targeted tools that they need to ensure the safety of all Americans. 
This bill is also a testament to what we can 
accomplish when we come together to work in a bipartisan way to meet the needs of the American people. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2048. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 255, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 
of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO YEMEN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–36) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen is to continue in effect be-yond May 16, 2015. 
The actions and policies of certain 
members of the Government of Yemen and others continue to threaten Yem-en’s peace, security, and stability, in-cluding by obstructing the implemen-tation of the agreement of November 23, 2011, between the Government of Yemen and those in opposition to it, which provided for a peaceful transi-tion of power that meets the legitimate demands and aspirations of the Yemeni people for change, and by obstructing the political process in Yemen. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 with respect to Yemen. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 13, 2015. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 255, I call up the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-ca-pable unborn children, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.014 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2924 May 13, 2015 
purposes, and ask for its immediate 
consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 255, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute printed in part A of House Re-port 114–111 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 36 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pain-Capa-
ble Unborn Child Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LEGISLATIVE FINDINGS AND DECLARA-
TION OF CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHOR-ITY FOR ENACTMENT. 
Congress finds and declares the following: 
(1) Pain receptors (nociceptors) are present 
throughout the unborn child’s entire body and nerves link these receptors to the brain’s thalamus and subcortical plate by no later than 20 weeks after fertilization. 
(2) By 8 weeks after fertilization, the un-
born child reacts to touch. After 20 weeks, the unborn child reacts to stimuli that would be recognized as painful if applied to an adult human, for example, by recoiling. 
(3) In the unborn child, application of such 
painful stimuli is associated with significant increases in stress hormones known as the stress response. 
(4) Subjection to such painful stimuli is as-
sociated with long-term harmful neurodevelopmental effects, such as altered pain sensitivity and, possibly, emotional, be-havioral, and learning disabilities later in life. 
(5) For the purposes of surgery on unborn 
children, fetal anesthesia is routinely admin-istered and is associated with a decrease in stress hormones compared to their level when painful stimuli are applied without such anesthesia. In the United States, sur-gery of this type is being performed by 20 weeks after fertilization and earlier in spe-cialized units affiliated with children’s hos-pitals. 
(6) The position, asserted by some physi-
cians, that the unborn child is incapable of experiencing pain until a point later in preg-nancy than 20 weeks after fertilization pre-dominately rests on the assumption that the ability to experience pain depends on the cerebral cortex and requires nerve connec-tions between the thalamus and the cortex. However, recent medical research and anal-ysis, especially since 2007, provides strong evidence for the conclusion that a func-tioning cortex is not necessary to experience pain. 
(7) Substantial evidence indicates that 
children born missing the bulk of the cere-bral cortex, those with hydranencephaly, nevertheless experience pain. 
(8) In adult humans and in animals, stimu-
lation or ablation of the cerebral cortex does not alter pain perception, while stimulation or ablation of the thalamus does. 
(9) Substantial evidence indicates that 
structures used for pain processing in early development differ from those of adults, using different neural elements available at specific times during development, such as the subcortical plate, to fulfill the role of pain processing. 
(10) The position, asserted by some com-
mentators, that the unborn child remains in a coma-like sleep state that precludes the unborn child experiencing pain is incon-sistent with the documented reaction of un-born children to painful stimuli and with the experience of fetal surgeons who have found 
it necessary to sedate the unborn child with anesthesia to prevent the unborn child from engaging in vigorous movement in reaction to invasive surgery. 
(11) Consequently, there is substantial 
medical evidence that an unborn child is ca-pable of experiencing pain at least by 20 weeks after fertilization, if not earlier. 
(12) It is the purpose of the Congress to as-
sert a compelling governmental interest in protecting the lives of unborn children from the stage at which substantial medical evi-dence indicates that they are capable of feel-ing pain. 
(13) The compelling governmental interest 
in protecting the lives of unborn children from the stage at which substantial medical evidence indicates that they are capable of feeling pain is intended to be separate from and independent of the compelling govern-mental interest in protecting the lives of un-born children from the stage of viability, and neither governmental interest is intended to replace the other. 
(14) Congress has authority to extend pro-
tection to pain-capable unborn children 
under the Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
SEC. 3. PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTEC-
TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 74 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1532. PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PRO-
TECTION. 
‘‘(a) U NLAWFUL CONDUCT .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, it shall be unlawful for any person to perform an abortion or attempt to do so, unless in con-formity with the requirements set forth in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ABORTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSESSMENT OF THE AGE OF THE UNBORN  
CHILD .—The physician performing or at-
tempting the abortion shall first make a de-termination of the probable post-fertiliza-tion age of the unborn child or reasonably rely upon such a determination made by an-other physician. In making such a deter-mination, the physician shall make such in-quiries of the pregnant woman and perform or cause to be performed such medical ex-aminations and tests as a reasonably pru-dent physician, knowledgeable about the case and the medical conditions involved, would consider necessary to make an accu-rate determination of post-fertilization age. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PERFORMANCE OF CER -
TAIN ABORTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) G ENERALLY FOR UNBORN CHILDREN 20  
WEEKS OR OLDER .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the abortion shall not be per-formed or attempted, if the probable post- fertilization age, as determined under para-graph (1), of the unborn child is 20 weeks or greater. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) does 
not apply if— 
‘‘(i) in reasonable medical judgment, the 
abortion is necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or phys-ical injury, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, but not including psy-chological or emotional conditions; 
‘‘(ii) the pregnancy is the result of rape 
against an adult woman, and at least 48 hours prior to the abortion— 
‘‘(I) she has obtained counseling for the 
rape; or 
‘‘(II) she has obtained medical treatment 
for the rape or an injury related to the rape; or ‘‘(iii) the pregnancy is a result of rape 
against a minor or incest against a minor, and the rape or incest has been reported at any time prior to the abortion to either— 
‘‘(I) a government agency legally author-
ized to act on reports of child abuse; or 
‘‘(II) a law enforcement agency. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT AS TO MANNER OF PROCE -
DURE PERFORMED .—Notwithstanding the defi-
nitions of ‘abortion’ and ‘attempt an abor-tion’ in this section, a physician terminating or attempting to terminate a pregnancy under an exception provided by subparagraph (B) may do so only in the manner which, in reasonable medical judgment, provides the best opportunity for the unborn child to sur-vive. 
‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENT THAT A PHYSICIAN  
TRAINED IN NEONATAL RESUSCITATION BE  
PRESENT .—If, in reasonable medical judg-
ment, the pain-capable unborn child has the potential to survive outside the womb, the physician who performs or attempts an abor-tion under an exception provided by subpara-graph (B) shall ensure a second physician trained in neonatal resuscitation is present and prepared to provide care to the child consistent with the requirements of subpara-graph (E). 
‘‘(E) C
HILDREN BORN ALIVE AFTER AT -
TEMPTED ABORTIONS .—When a physician per-
forms or attempts an abortion in accordance with this section, and the child is born alive, as defined in section 8 of title 1 (commonly known as the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002), the following shall apply: 
‘‘(i) D
EGREE OF CARE REQUIRED .—Any 
health care practitioner present at the time shall humanely exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and diligence to pre-serve the life and health of the child as a rea-sonably diligent and conscientious health care practitioner would render to a child born alive at the same gestational age in the course of a natural birth. 
‘‘(ii) I
MMEDIATE ADMISSION TO A HOSPITAL .— 
Following the care required to be rendered under clause (i), the child born alive shall be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital. 
‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY REPORTING OF VIOLA -
TIONS .—A health care practitioner or any 
employee of a hospital, a physician’s office, or an abortion clinic who has knowledge of a failure to comply with the requirements of this subparagraph must immediately report the failure to an appropriate State or Fed-eral law enforcement agency or both. 
‘‘(F) D
OCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) D OCUMENTATION PERTAINING TO  
ADULTS .—A physician who performs or at-
tempts to perform an abortion under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B)(ii) shall, prior to the abortion, place in the pa-tient medical file documentation from a hos-pital licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, a medical clinic licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, from a personal physician licensed by the State, a counselor licensed by the State, or a victim’s rights advocate provided by a law enforce-ment agency that the adult woman seeking the abortion obtained medical treatment or counseling for the rape or an injury related to the rape. 
‘‘(ii) D
OCUMENTATION PERTAINING TO MI -
NORS .—A physician who performs or at-
tempts to perform an abortion under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B)(iii) shall, prior to the abortion, place in the pa-tient medical file documentation from a gov-ernment agency legally authorized to act on reports of child abuse that the rape or incest was reported prior to the abortion; or, as an alternative, documentation from a law en-forcement agency that the rape or incest was reported prior to the abortion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.051 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2925 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(G) I NFORMED CONSENT .— 
‘‘(i) C ONSENT FORM REQUIRED .—The physi-
cian who intends to perform or attempt to perform an abortion under the provisions of subparagraph (B) may not perform any part of the abortion procedure without first ob-taining a signed Informed Consent Author-ization form in accordance with this sub-paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTENT OF CONSENT FORM .—The In-
formed Consent Authorization form shall be presented in person by the physician and shall consist of— 
‘‘(I) a statement by the physician indi-
cating the probable post-fertilization age of the pain-capable unborn child; 
‘‘(II) a statement that Federal law allows 
abortion after 20 weeks fetal age only if the mother’s life is endangered by a physical dis-order, physical illness, or physical injury, when the pregnancy was the result of rape, or an act of incest against a minor; 
‘‘(III) a statement that the abortion must 
be performed by the method most likely to allow the child to be born alive unless this would cause significant risk to the mother; 
‘‘(IV) a statement that in any case in 
which an abortion procedure results in a child born alive, Federal law requires that child to be given every form of medical as-sistance that is provided to children sponta-neously born prematurely, including trans-portation and admittance to a hospital; 
‘‘(V) a statement that these requirements 
are binding upon the physician and all other medical personnel who are subject to crimi-nal and civil penalties and that a woman on whom an abortion has been performed may take civil action if these requirements are not followed; and 
‘‘(VI) affirmation that each signer has 
filled out the informed consent form to the best of their knowledge and understands the information contained in the form. 
‘‘(iii) S
IGNATORIES REQUIRED .—The In-
formed Consent Authorization form shall be signed in person by the woman seeking the abortion, the physician performing or at-tempting to perform the abortion, and a wit-ness. 
‘‘(iv) R
ETENTION OF CONSENT FORM .—The 
physician performing or attempting to per-form an abortion must retain the signed in-formed consent form in the patient’s medical file. 
‘‘(H) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DATA RETENTION .— 
Paragraph (j)(2) of section 164.530 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, shall apply to documentation required to be placed in a pa-tient’s medical file pursuant to subparagraph (F) of subsection (b)(2) and a consent form 
required to be retained in a patient’s medical file pursuant to subparagraph (G) of such subsection in the same manner and to the same extent as such paragraph applies to documentation required by paragraph (j)(1) of such section. 
‘‘(I) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N CASES OF RISK OF DEATH OR MAJOR IN -
JURY TO THE MOTHER .—Subparagraphs (C), 
(D), and (G) shall not apply if, in reasonable medical judgment, compliance with such paragraphs would pose a greater risk of— 
‘‘(I) the death of the pregnant woman; or ‘‘(II) the substantial and irreversible phys-
ical impairment of a major bodily function, not including psychological or emotional conditions, of the pregnant woman. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN FACILITIES .— 
Notwithstanding the definitions of the terms ‘medical treatment’ and ‘counseling’ in sub-section (g), the counseling or medical treat-ment described in subparagraph (B)(ii) may not be provided by a facility that performs abortions (unless that facility is a hospital). 
‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION IN CASES OF  
REPORTS TO LAW ENFORCEMENT .—The require-ments of subparagraph (B)(ii) do not apply if 
the rape has been reported at any time prior to the abortion to a law enforcement agency or Department of Defense victim assistance personnel. 
‘‘(iv) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN STATE  
LAWS .— 
‘‘(I) S TATE LAWS REGARDING REPORTING OF  
RAPE AND INCEST .—The physician who per-
forms or attempts to perform an abortion under an exception provided by subparagraph 
(B) shall comply with such applicable State laws that are in effect as the State’s Attor-ney General may designate, regarding re-porting requirements in cases of rape or in-cest. 
‘‘(II) S
TATE LAWS REGARDING PARENTAL IN -
VOLVEMENT .—The physician who intends to 
perform an abortion on a minor under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B) shall comply with any applicable State laws re-quiring parental involvement in a minor’s decision to have an abortion. 
‘‘(c) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .—Whoever violates 
subsection (a) shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(d) B
AR TO PROSECUTION .—A woman upon 
whom an abortion in violation of subsection (a) is performed or attempted may not be prosecuted under, or for a conspiracy to vio-late, subsection (a), or for an offense under section 2, 3, or 4 of this title based on such a violation. 
‘‘(e) C
IVILREMEDIES .— 
‘‘(1) C IVIL ACTION BY A WOMAN ON WHOM AN  
ABORTION IS PERFORMED .—A woman upon 
whom an abortion has been performed or at-tempted in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation, obtain appropriate relief. 
‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTION BY A PARENT OF A MINOR  
ON WHOM AN ABORTION IS PERFORMED .—A par-
ent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed or attempted under an excep-tion provided for in subsection (b)(2)(B), and that was performed in violation of any provi-sion of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the viola-tion obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff’s criminal conduct. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE RELIEF .—Appropriate re-
lief in a civil action under this subsection in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) objectively verifiable money damages 
for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; 
‘‘(B) statutory damages equal to three 
times the cost of the abortion; and 
‘‘(C) punitive damages. ‘‘(4) A
TTORNEYS FEES FOR PLAINTIFF .—The 
court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee as part of the costs to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
TTORNEYS FEES FOR DEFENDANT .—If a 
defendant in a civil action under this sub-section prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. 
‘‘(6) A
WARDS AGAINST WOMAN .—Except 
under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney’s fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. 
‘‘(f) D
ATACOLLECTION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATA SUBMISSIONS .—Any physician 
who performs or attempts an abortion de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(B) shall annually submit a summary of all such abortions to the National Center for Health Statistics (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Center’) not later than 60 days after the end of the cal-endar year in which the abortion was per-formed or attempted. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF SUMMARY .—The summary 
shall include the number of abortions per-formed or attempted on an unborn child who had a post-fertilization age of 20 weeks or more and specify the following for each abor-tion under subsection (b)(2)(B): 
‘‘(A) the probable post-fertilization age of 
the unborn child; 
‘‘(B) the method used to carry out the 
abortion; 
‘‘(C) the location where the abortion was 
conducted; 
‘‘(D) the exception under subsection 
(b)(2)(B) under which the abortion was con-ducted; and 
‘‘(E) any incident of live birth resulting 
from the abortion. 
‘‘(3) E
XCLUSIONS FROM DATA SUBMISSIONS .— 
A summary required under this subsection shall not contain any information identi-fying the woman whose pregnancy was ter-minated and shall be submitted consistent with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d-2 note). 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC REPORT .—The Center shall an-
nually issue a public report providing statis-tics by State for the previous year compiled from all of the summaries made to the Cen-ter under this subsection. The Center shall take care to ensure that none of the informa-tion included in the public reports could rea-sonably lead to the identification of any pregnant woman upon whom an abortion was performed or attempted. The annual report shall be issued by July 1 of the calendar year following the year in which the abortions were performed or attempted. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) A BORTION .—The term ‘abortion’ means 
the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance or de-vice— 
‘‘(A) to intentionally kill the unborn child 
of a woman known to be pregnant; or 
‘‘(B) to intentionally terminate the preg-
nancy of a woman known to be pregnant, with an intention other than— 
‘‘(i) after viability to produce a live birth 
and preserve the life and health of the child born alive; or 
‘‘(ii) to remove a dead unborn child. 
‘‘(2) A
TTEMPT .—The term ‘attempt’, with 
respect to an abortion, means conduct that, under the circumstances as the actor be-lieves them to be, constitutes a substantial step in a course of conduct planned to cul-minate in performing an abortion. 
‘‘(3) C
OUNSELING .—The term ‘counseling’ 
means counseling provided by a counselor li-censed by the State, or a victims rights ad-vocate provided by a law enforcement agen-cy. 
‘‘(4) F
ACILITY .—The term ‘facility’ means 
any medical or counseling group, center or clinic and includes the entire legal entity, including any entity that controls, is con-trolled by, or is under common control with such facility. 
‘‘(5) F
ERTILIZATION .—The term ‘fertiliza-
tion’ means the fusion of human spermatozoon with a human ovum. 
‘‘(6) M
EDICAL TREATMENT .—The term ‘med-
ical treatment’ means treatment provided at a hospital licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, at a medical clinic licensed by the State or oper-ated under authority of a Federal agency, or from a personal physician licensed by the State. 
‘‘(7) M
INOR.—The term ‘minor’ means an 
individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(8) P
ERFORM .—The term ‘perform’, with 
respect to an abortion, includes inducing an abortion through a medical or chemical intervention including writing a prescription 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.018 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2926 May 13, 2015 
for a drug or device intended to result in an 
abortion. 
‘‘(9) P HYSICIAN .—The term ‘physician’ 
means a person licensed to practice medicine and surgery or osteopathic medicine and sur-gery, or otherwise legally authorized to per-form an abortion. 
‘‘(10) P
OST-FERTILIZATION AGE .—The term 
‘post-fertilization age’ means the age of the unborn child as calculated from the fusion of a human spermatozoon with a human ovum. 
‘‘(11) P
ROBABLE POST -FERTILIZATION AGE OF  
THE UNBORN CHILD .—The term ‘probable post- 
fertilization age of the unborn child’ means what, in reasonable medical judgment, will with reasonable probability be the post-fer-tilization age of the unborn child at the time the abortion is planned to be performed or induced. 
‘‘(12) R
EASONABLE MEDICAL JUDGMENT .—The 
term ‘reasonable medical judgment’ means a medical judgment that would be made by a reasonably prudent physician, knowledge-able about the case and the treatment possi-bilities with respect to the medical condi-tions involved. 
‘‘(13) U
NBORN CHILD .—The term ‘unborn 
child’ means an individual organism of the species homo sapiens, beginning at fertiliza-tion, until the point of being born alive as defined in section 8(b) of title 1. 
‘‘(14) W
OMAN .—The term ‘woman’ means a 
female human being whether or not she has reached the age of majority.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1532. Pain-capable unborn child protec-
tion.’’. 
(c) C
HAPTER HEADING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER HEADING IN CHAPTER .—The 
chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Partial-Birth Abortions ’’ and inserting 
‘‘Abortions ’’ 
(2) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS FOR PART I .—The 
item relating to chapter 74 in the table of chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Partial-Birth Abortions’’ and inserting ‘‘Abortions’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ) 
and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 36, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Since the Supreme Court’s decision 
in Roe v. Wade, medical knowledge re-garding the development of unborn ba-bies and their capacities at various stages of growth has advanced dramati-cally. 
To give you a sense of how much 
technology has advanced, here is the issue of The New York Times announc-ing the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973. It contains ads for the latest in advanced 
technology, including a computer the size of a file cabinet you could rent for $3,000 a month that only had one-thou-sandths the memory of a modern cell phone and a basic AM radio that was as big as your hand. 
Thirty-five years later, in the age of 
ultrasound pictures, the same news-paper would report on the latest ad-vanced research on the pain experi-enced by unborn children, focusing on the research of Dr. Sunny Anand, an Oxford-trained neonatal pediatrician who held an appointment at Harvard Medical School. 
As Dr. Anand has testified regarding 
abortions: ‘‘If the fetus is beyond 20 weeks of gestation, I would assume that there will be pain caused to the fetus, and I believe it will be severe and excruciating pain.’’ 
A few years later, the terrifying facts 
uncovered in the grand jury report re-garding the prosecution of late-term abortionist Kermit Gosnell would con-tain references to a neonatal expert who said the cutting of babies’ spinal cords intended to be late-term aborted would cause them ‘‘a tremendous amount of pain.’’ 
Congress has the power and the re-
sponsibility to acknowledge these de-velopments in our understanding of the ability of unborn children to feel pain by prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, postfertilization, the point at which scientific evidence shows the unborn can experience great suffering. 
The bill before us would do just that. 
It also includes provisions to protect the life of the mother and additional exceptions for cases of rape and incest. 
Some Members, last Congress and 
today, have called this bill extreme; but such claims are clearly false, as evidenced by the polls, which show as-tounding support for this bill. 
A Quinnipiac poll found that 62 per-
cent of people surveyed supported a ban on abortions after 20 weeks or ear-lier. A clear majority of men, women, Whites, Blacks, Hispanics, married people, and single people support a ban on abortion after 20 weeks or earlier. 
Among women, 68 percent of women 
support a ban on abortion at 20 weeks or earlier, including 66 percent of sin-gle women and 71 percent of married women. Even 49 percent of the Demo-crats polled support a ban on abortion at 20 weeks or earlier, significantly more than those who opposed it. 
A Washington Post poll similarly 
found 66 percent support for this bill, and a Huffington Post poll found sup-port at 59 percent. 
Today, America is one of the few 
countries on Earth, including North Korea and China, that allows permis-sive late-term abortions. These polls show the American people want to change that. 
Today is the second anniversary of 
Kermit Gosnell’s conviction for first degree murder. Following the Gosnell trial, we were all reminded that when late-term babies are taken from the 
womb and cut with scissors, they whimper and cry and flinch from pain. Unborn babies, when cut inside the womb, also whimper and cry and flinch from pain. 
Delivered or not, babies are babies, 
and they can feel pain at least by 20 weeks. It is time to welcome young children who can feel pain into the human family, and this bill, at last, will do just that. 
Finally, I would note that it is rare 
for the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to be so confident that a bill would save lives that it makes an estimate as to the number of lives that would be saved were the bill to be en-acted; but the CBO did just that, con-servatively estimating that this bill, if enacted, would save 2,500 lives each year. It could save many thousands more. 
Let that sink in for a moment. This 
bill, if enacted, would probably save, at a minimum, thousands of lives per year. It would give America the gift of thousands more children and, con-sequently, thousands more mothers and thousands more fathers, with all the wondrous human gifts they will bring to the world in so many amazing forms, including their own children, for generations to come. 
I congratulate Subcommittee on the 
Constitution and Civil Justice Chair-man T
RENT FRANKS for introducing 
this vital legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1530 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker and Members of the 
House, this legislation is a dangerous and far-reaching attack on a woman’s constitutional right to choose whether or not to terminate a pregnancy, a right that the Supreme Court guaran-teed 42 years ago in the case of Roe v. Wade. 
One of the most significant problems 
with this legislation is that it fails to include any exception for a woman’s health. Many serious health conditions materialize or worsen late in preg-nancy, including damage to the heart and kidneys, hypertension, and even some forms of hormone-induced cancer; yet, by failing to include a health ex-ception, H.R. 36 would force a woman to wait until her condition was nearly terminal before she could obtain an abortion to address her health condi-tion. 
In addition, H.R. 36 is unconstitu-
tional based on longstanding Supreme Court precedent. I will explain. Roe v. Wade’s basic holding is that a woman has a constitutional right to have an abortion prior to the fetus’ viability. Viability is generally considered to be around 24 weeks from fertilization, not 20 weeks. By banning previability abor-tions, H.R. 36 is a direct challenge to Roe v. Wade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.018 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2927 May 13, 2015 
In addition, Roe made clear that any 
regulation on abortion, even after via-bility, must not pose a substantial risk to the woman’s health; but, as I have already noted, H.R. 36 lacks any excep-tion to protect a pregnant woman’s health. It is, therefore, not surprising that the Nation’s leading civil rights organizations, medical professionals, and women’s groups oppose this bill. 
In addition, 15 religious organiza-
tions noted in a letter to Members of Congress opposing nearly identical leg-islation in the last Congress that ‘‘the decision to end a pregnancy is best left to a woman in consultation with her family, her doctor, and her faith.’’ 
Finally, I want to be clear that, con-
trary to assertions made by the bill’s proponents, this legislation still con-tains a woefully inadequate exception for victims of rape. The so-called rape exception is still based on a complete lack of understanding of the very real challenges rape survivors face and why a rape may go unreported. 
It is also grounded in the distrust of 
women, assuming that women cannot be trusted to tell the truth or to make the best medical decisions for them-selves and their families. 
For adult rape survivors, the bill no 
longer requires that the rape be re-ported to law enforcement. However, a woman must still obtain counseling 48 hours prior to the abortion, and the fact that she has obtained counseling for a rape must be certified and docu-mented in her medical file. This coun-seling cannot be obtained in the same facility where the abortion is provided. 
For minor victims of rape or incest, 
an exception from the bill’s onerous and unconstitutional restrictions only applies if the rape has been reported to law enforcement or ‘‘a government agency legally authorized to act on re-ports of child abuse,’’ so rape is not rape unless the minor has reported it, even if that means putting her own safety at risk. 
For these reasons, my colleagues, I 
urge opposition to this dangerous legis-lation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) 
be permitted to control the remainder of the time as my designee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
F
OXX). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, when I became a 
nurse more than 40 years ago, I took a vow to ‘‘devote myself to the welfare of those committed to my care,’’ but our understanding of the science limited to the extent to which I could fulfill that promise has evolved. 
During my first years of nursing, if a 
woman came into our hospital in labor at 32 weeks of pregnancy, our odds of saving her child were slim. However, today, babies are being saved as early as 22 weeks into fetal development, ac-
cording to a study that was just re-leased this past week by The New York Times. What’s more, there is signifi-cant evidence that, at 20 weeks of de-velopment, unborn children have the capacity to feel pain. 
Sadly, while we celebrate advances in 
technology that prove life has value and worth before leaving the hospital, we also continue to be one of only seven nations that allow elective, late- term abortions—one of only seven na-tions around this world. 
It is difficult to imagine a more im-
portant measure of society than how it treats the most innocent and defense-less population. By condoning the de-struction of unborn life that could oth-erwise live outside the womb, the United States tragically fails to meet this most fundamental human rights standard. 
Basic decency and human compassion 
demand that something has to change. Polls consistently show that upwards of 60 percent of Americans support put-ting an end to the dangerous and inhu-mane practice of late-term abortions. To be clear, we have a mandate to act. 
That is why I strongly support the 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act this week, which will provide Fed-eral protection for an unborn child at 20 weeks, with exceptions to saving the life of the mother or in cases of rape and incest. 
Today’s vote coincides with the 2- 
year anniversary of the conviction of the evil abortionist, Kermit Gosnell, who killed babies born alive in his clin-ic and who is responsible for the death of an adult woman. Americans were rightfully outraged when they were told of his crimes. 
The truth is that innocent, unborn 
children routinely suffer that same fate as Gosnell’s victims did through ‘‘normal’’ late-term abortions and the government does not bat an eye. The only difference between these casual-ties and the loss of life that resulted in Gosnell’s murder conviction is the lo-cation. 
Madam Speaker, if we cannot appeal 
to my pro-abortion lawmakers’ sense of compassion when it comes to this issue, then surely we can at least ap-peal to their senses of logic and fact. 
Knowing that premature babies are 
being saved as early as 22 weeks into fetal development, there is no legiti-mate reason to oppose this bill. In the year 2015, the United States has no business aborting a life that can live outside the womb. Science agrees and so do the majority of Americans. 
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-
tection Act will right this wrong. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for the time. 
I appreciate the good feelings and 
earnest arguments made by the gentle-woman from Tennessee and the gen-
tleman from Arizona, but the fact is this bill is patently unconstitutional because this bill is not about viability; it is a subterfuge for viability and talks about the issue of pain. Pain is not the issue; viability is the issue. 
What the real issue is, politicians are 
not medical experts, and women should make these decisions based upon infor-mation from people they trust. Women should make these decisions based upon information from people they trust. 
The information given about this bill 
is limited, and the fact is Dr. Anand, who was cited by my friend, the chair-man of the committee, is from the Uni-versity of Tennessee in Memphis, where I am from. 
The fact is Dr. Anand, if he had gone 
further, since 2005, has turned down re-quests to testify in regard to this type of legislation because he doesn’t think that his studies have been used prop-erly. Abortion is not the focus, and the politicization of his work has gotten completely out of hand. 
The fact is there are polls that say 
one thing and polls that say another. The poll that I respect most shows it to be about an even one-third split on sup-port, opposition, and indecision. 
This isn’t about polls; this is sup-
posed to be about the Constitution and upholding Roe v. Wade and medical ex-perts and not politicians making deci-sions that are poll-driven and possibly favorable to their own constituencies. 
The exceptions for incest are the 
most egregious. If a woman is pregnant because of incest, under this law, if the lady is under 18 years of age, there is one rule; but, if she is 18 years of age or older, there is another rule. 
What it says is, if you are 18 or over 
and you are pregnant as a result of in-cest, then you cannot get an abortion— you cannot—but, if you are under 18, you can if you report it to the law en-forcement authorities. 
In the discussion last night at Rules 
Committee, the vice chair of Rules Committee errantly compared rape and incest. Incest does not necessarily in-volve rape. It involves intercourse be-tween parties that are not legally sup-posed to have intercourse and issues which could result in problems for the child. 
Incest should always be an exception, 
and the life and health of the mother should always be an exception, and the health exceptions are limited to phys-ical and not mental and emotional, which are the most pressing for women. There is also a 48-hour waiting period in this bill. 
This bill is unconstitutional and 
wrong. We should respect medical ex-perts and not politicians and women to make decisions with people they trust. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CA-
LISE), our majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.053 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2928 May 13, 2015 
Tennessee for yielding and for her lead-
ership and for all of the people that have worked so hard to bring this im-portant bill to the House floor. 
If you look at what we are doing here 
today, we are standing up for life of our most innocent. We are talking about babies that are more than 20 weeks in the womb. Scientific evidence shows that after 20 weeks, these babies can feel pain, and so this bill prohibits abortions after 5 months of pregnancy. 
I am proud to come from Louisiana, 
which has the distinction of being the most pro-life State in the Nation. Our State already bans this procedure, as do many. 
It is not just States we are talking 
about. Most nations in the world don’t allow this procedure after 20 weeks. The United States will finally be join-ing the vast majority of other coun-tries around the world and the vast majority of Americans who understand that it is not right to have abortions after 20 weeks. 
This is an important bill. I think it is 
a very strong message that we are going to be sending in defense of life by passing it. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it as well. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), a 
senior member of the House Judiciary Committee. 
b1545 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition 
to H.R. 36. 
For more than 40 years, the Supreme 
Court has clearly and consistently held that women have the constitutional right to terminate a pregnancy prior to viability or at any time to protect the life and health of the mother. This bill is unconstitutional as it violates both of those provisions. 
The bill provides a narrow exemption 
to protect women’s lives, allowing phy-sicians to terminate pregnancy after 20 weeks only if a woman’s life is at im-minent risk. This exemption fails to account for the many severe health issues that may arise late in pregnancy and forces physicians to think about legal implications rather than about a patient’s health. 
Perhaps most cruelly, this legislation 
includes only a very narrow exemption for victims of rape and incest, requir-ing that any woman seeking an abor-tion after 20 weeks prove that she ei-ther reported the rape to the authori-ties or sought counseling services. The unfortunate reality is only 35 percent of sexual assaults are ever reported, and we know that there are many rea-sons for not reporting a rape: the toll our criminal justice system takes on victims, the humiliation and intimida-tion faced by victims of assault, and even the additional risk to their per-sonal safety. 
So why place this limit on the rape 
exception? What does this narrow ex-emption say about our Republican col-
leagues’ view of women? It is quite simple. This bill says they believe women lie. The Republicans seem to think that women are too dishonest to believe when they say they have been raped. 
This bill continues a too long tradi-
tion of treating women like second class citizens. Measures introduced at the State and Federal level to restrict abortions imply that women lie about rape, that women are misinformed about their own pregnancies and must undergo invasive tests and exams, and that women are immoral for ever mak-ing the choice to terminate a preg-nancy no matter what the cir-cumstance. That is insulting. It is, frankly, none of our business. 
Enough is enough. Doctors, not poli-
ticians, should be providing women guidance, support, and medical advice throughout their pregnancy, and par-ticularly when making a deeply per-sonal decision to terminate a preg-nancy. And women, not politicians, should make that decision for them-selves. 
We must defeat this unconstitutional 
bill and continue to afford women their constitutional right enjoyed by every man, without question, to make deci-sions about their health care in the pri-vacy of their doctors’ offices. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this terrible bill. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is 
my honor now to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ), 
who is the sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, for the sake of all of 
those who founded this Nation and dreamed of what America could some-day be, and for the sake of all of those who died in darkness so Americans could walk in the light of freedom, it is so very important that those of us who are privileged to be Members of this Congress pause from time to time and remind ourselves of why we are really all here. 
Thomas Jefferson, whose words 
marked the beginning of this Nation, said: 
The care of human life and its happiness, 
and not its destruction, is the chief and only object of good government. 
The phrase of the Fifth Amendment 
capsulizes our entire Constitution. It says no person shall ‘‘be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.’’ 
And the 14th Amendment says that 
no State shall ‘‘deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal pro-tection of the laws.’’ 
Madam Speaker, protecting the lives 
of all Americans and their constitu-tional rights, especially those that can’t defend themselves, is why we are all here. Yet today, Madam Speaker, a great shadow looms over America. More than 18,000 very late-term abor-tions are occurring in America every year, placing the mothers at exponen-tially greater risk and subjecting their 
pain-capable unborn babies to torture and death without anesthesia and with-out any Federal protection of any kind in the land of the free and the home of the brave. 
It is the greatest human rights atroc-
ity in the United States today, and al-most every other civilized nation on Earth protects pain-capable unborn ba-bies, at this age particularly. And every credible poll of Americans shows the American people are overwhelm-ingly in favor of protecting them, yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from unnecessary cru-elty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Hu-mane Slaughter Act. 
Madam Speaker, it just seems that 
we are never quite so eloquent as when we decry the crimes of a past genera-tion, but we often become so stagger-ingly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst of atrocities in our own time. 
Thankfully, Madam Speaker, I be-
lieve the winds of change are now be-ginning to blow and that this tide of blindness and blood is finally turning in America because today—today—we are poised to pass the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act in this Chamber. And no matter how it is shouted down or what distortions or deceptive what-ifs, distractions, diver-sions, gotchas, twisting of the words, changing of subject, or blatant false-hoods the abortion industry hurls at this bill and its supporters, it remains that this bill is a deeply sincere effort, beginning at the sixth month, at their sixth month of pregnancy, to protect both mothers and their pain-capable unborn babies from the atrocity of late-term abortion on demand. Ulti-mately, it is one that all humane Americans can support if they truly understand it for themselves. 
Madam Speaker, this is a vote all of 
us will remember the rest of our lives. It will be considered in the annals of history and, I believe, in the counsels of eternity, itself. 
But it shouldn’t be such a hard vote 
because, in spite of all of the political noise, protecting little unborn, pain-ca-pable babies is not a Republican issue, and it is not a Democrat issue. It is a test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. 
It is time that we open our eyes and 
let our consciences catch up with our technology. It is time for the Members of the United States Congress to open our eyes and our souls and remember that protecting those who cannot pro-tect themselves is why we are all here. That is why we are here. 
Madam Speaker, it is time for all 
Americans to open our eyes and our hearts to the humanity of these little pain-capable unborn children of God and the inhumanity of what is being done to them. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I am 
now pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.054 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2929 May 13, 2015 
DELBENE), a distinguished member of 
the House Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. D ELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to H.R. 36, a na-tionwide 20-week abortion ban. 
It is truly appalling to me that House 
leaders keep ignoring the needs of mid-dle class families while taking up bill after bill restricting women’s access to health care—and during National Wom-en’s Health Week, no less. 
The legislation we are debating today 
is an unconscionable attack that ig-nores medical safety and puts women’s health at risk. It creates unnecessary burdens to care for sexual assault sur-vivors, who are already facing extraor-dinarily difficult circumstances, and it injects ideology into the doctor-patient relationship. It puts politicians, rather than women, in charge of their medical care. 
Madam Speaker, House leaders need 
to stop interfering in what is a deeply personal medical decision. The Amer-ican people expect better from this Chamber, and they deserve real solu-tions to the challenges they are facing. This bill fails women and their fami-lies, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is 
now my delight to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. B
OEH-
NER), the Speaker of the House. 
Mr. BOEHNER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to urge the whole House to support H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act. 
H.R. 36 is the most pro-life legisla-
tion to ever come before this body, and it reflects the will of the American people. As such, it also reflects the contributions of many people and many perspectives. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
thank the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), the gentleman 
from Arizona (Mr. F RANKS ), the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P ITTS), 
and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) for their hard work in 
bringing this bill to the floor. I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), 
our Conference chair, for her leadership in helping us shepherd this bill to the floor. 
I want to take a moment to recognize 
all of the Americans who spoke out for this bill. Their voices have been heard. After all, they have no higher obliga-tion than to speak out for those who can’t speak for themselves, to defend the defenseless. That is what this bill does. 
We know that by 5 months in the 
womb, unborn babies are capable of feeling pain, and it is morally wrong to inflict pain on an innocent human being. Protecting these lives is the right thing to do. Again, a majority of Americans agree. 
Madam Speaker, growing up with 11 
brothers and sisters, I didn’t need my parents to tell me that every child is a gift from God. But let me tell you, they did, and they did it often because that respect, that sanctity, and that dignity 
is everything. 
A vote for this bill is a vote to pro-
tect innocent lives and to protect our dearest values for generations to come. We should all be proud to take this stance today, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill today. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I am 
now pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Houston, Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a distinguished member 
of the Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I have had more than a momentous time to be in this body. 
I was moved by the conviction of my 
friend and colleague and the Speaker, Mr. F
RANKS and Mr. B OEHNER , because 
I know that they speak from their hearts. 
But faith cannot be distributed on 
one side of the aisle. My faith, my God is no less than the Republicans’. 
I speak for those who cannot be here 
today. I speak for mothers who suffer in corners, trying to provide for their children, but love their children and gave birth to them. I speak for those whom I sat in a room called the Judici-ary Committee some years ago and lis-tened to the pain of mothers who said: I want this child, but my doctor has advised me that my life would not have survived to take care of my other chil-dren had I not had the ability to be able to follow my doctor and my faith, praying with my husband, my faith leader, my extended family to make the decisions that would, in fact, pro-vide for not only future children, but 
for my sanctity and ability to be the woman that I need to be. 
Just outside this Chamber, I met the 
author of the song ‘‘Glory.’’ Many of us heard it in the movie ‘‘Selma.’’ In the opening line, it says: ‘‘One day when the glory comes, it will be ours. It will be ours.’’ 
Everybody’s glory is different. But 
H.R. 36—besides being unconstitu-tional—speaks against 25,000 women in the United States who became preg-nant as a result of rape. Madam Speak-er, 30 percent of rapes involve women under 18. It speaks against those women because it requires a woman rape victim to report her ordeal before she can terminate a pregnancy, to go to a law enforcement officer. 
It challenges their faith and their 
love of God. I am incensed that we challenge someone’s faith. I speak for those women who cannot be here today, who love children, who love life, who are good mothers. And I take no less in the conviction of those who have spoken for my conviction and the conviction of those women. 
Tiffany Campbell, when she was 19 
weeks pregnant, Tiffany and her hus-band, Chris, learned her pregnancy was afflicted with a severe case of twin-to- twin transfusion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. b1600 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Twin-to-twin 
transfusion syndrome is a condition where the two fetuses unequally share blood circulation. The news was dev-astating, but they had to make a deci-sion that was guided by the doctor and 
their faith. The Campbells were told that without selective termination, they risked the loss of both fetuses. They would not have any. At 22 weeks, in consultation with their doctors—and I know their faith—they made the dif-ficult decision to abort one fetus in order to save the other. Today the life-saving procedure for one of the fetuses would be illegal under the new 20-week ban. 
Madam Speaker, I beg of my col-
leagues. I know there will be those who will vote, but as I stand here today, I do not condemn the conviction of my friends. But right now I am welled up with tears because I have hugged those who had nowhere else to go. And no man can stand and tell a woman what rape is and how it feels and what the results of that is. That is why the Con-stitution in the Ninth Amendment and the Supreme Court interpreted Roe v. Wade as it did. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman. I will come to a close. But I am welled with emotion, not for killing, but for saving; not for condemnation, but for appreciation; not for judging, but for letting people know that I have constituents who are huddled in places right now in Houston, Texas, in fear, huddled because laws have prevented them from good counseling, counseling before such tragedy would happen, laws that have prevented them from having facilities in their area. They fall victim to shysters because of laws that we pass here. 
I cannot see that anymore, and H.R. 
36 now makes it a Federal offense and offends doctors and people of faith. So I close by simply saying that I love that song ‘‘Glory.’’ It says: ‘‘One day when the glory comes, it will be ours. It will be ours.’’ 
But glory has to be tolerance and ac-
ceptance of people’s condition. Prayer-fully we must do the right thing in this Congress and vote against H.R. 36. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition 
to H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.’’ 
I opposed this irresponsible and reckless 
legislation the last time it was brought to the floor under a suspension of the rules and fell well short of the two thirds majority needed to pass. 
I oppose this bill because it is unnecessary, 
puts the lives of women at risk, interferes with women’s constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, and diverts our attention from the real problems facing American people. 
A more accurate short title for this bill would 
be the ‘‘Violating the Rights of Women Act of 2015.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.056 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2930 May 13, 2015 
Instead of resuming their annual War on 
Women, our colleagues across the aisle should be working with Democrats to build upon the ‘‘Middle-Class Economics’’ cham-pioned by the Obama Administration that have succeeded in ending the economic meltdown it inherited in 2009 and revived the economy to the point where today we have the highest rate of growth and lowest rate of unemploy-ment since the boom years of the Clinton Ad-ministration. 
Madam Speaker, we could and should in-
stead be voting to raise the minimum wage to at least $10.10 per hour so that people who work hard and play by the rules do not have to raise their families in poverty. 
Instead of voting to abridge the constitu-
tional rights of women for the umpteenth time, we should bring to the floor for a first vote comprehensive immigration reform legislation or legislations repairing the harm to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder. 
The one thing we should not be doing is de-
bating irresponsible ‘‘messaging bills’’ that abridge the rights of women and have abso-lutely no chance of overriding a presidential veto. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 36 seeks to take the 
misguided and mean-spirited policy that in 2013 was directed at the District of Columbia and make it the law of the land. 
In so doing, the bill poses a nationwide 
threat to the health and wellbeing of American women and a direct challenge to the Supreme Court’s ruling in Roe v. Wade. 
Madam Speaker, one of the most detestable 
aspects of this bill is that it would curb access to care for women in the most desperate of circumstances. 
It is these women who receive the 1.5 per-
cent of abortions that occur after 20 weeks. 
Women like Vikki Stella, a diabetic, who dis-
covered months into her pregnancy that he fetus she was carrying suffered from several major anomalies and had no chance of sur-vival. 
Because of Vikki’s diabetic, her doctor de-
termined that induced labor and Caesarian section were both riskier procedures for Vikki than an abortion. 
Because Vikki was able to terminate the 
pregnancy, she was protected from the imme-diate and serious medical risks to her health and her ability to have children in the future was preserved. 
Madam Speaker, every pregnancy is dif-
ferent. 
No politician knows, or has the right to as-
sume what is best for a woman and her fam-ily. 
These are decisions that properly must be 
left to women to make, in consultation with their partners, doctors, their God, 
Madam Speaker, I also strongly oppose 
H.R. 36 because it lacks the necessary excep-tions to protect the health and life of the moth-er. 
In Roe v. Wade, the Court held that a state 
could prohibit a woman from exercising her right to terminate a pregnancy in order to pro-tect her health prior to viability. 
While many factors go into determining fetal 
viability, the consensus of the medical commu-nity is that viability is acknowledged as not oc-curring prior to 24 weeks gestation. 
By prohibiting nearly all abortions beginning 
at ‘‘the probable post-fertilization age’’ of 20 weeks, H.R. 36 violates this clear and long 
standing constitutional rule. 
Madam Speaker, the constitutionally pro-
tected right to privacy encompasses the right of women to choose to terminate a pregnancy before viability, and even later where con-tinuing to term poses a threat to her health and safety. 
This right of privacy was hard won and must 
be preserved inviolate. 
I strongly oppose H.R. 36 and urge all 
members to join me in voting against this un-wise measure that put the lives and health of women at risk. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Missouri (Mrs. W AGNER ). 
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership on this issue. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of life. Life begins at conception. We know that after 3 weeks, the baby has a heartbeat. After 7 weeks, the baby begins kicking in the womb. Be-lieve me, as a mother of three, I know it well. By week eight, the baby begins to hear and fingerprints begin to form. After 10 weeks, the baby is able to turn his or her head, frown, and get the hic-cups. By week 11, the baby can grasp with his or her hands. By week 12, the baby can suck his or her thumb. By week 15, the baby has an adult’s taste buds. By week 18, that baby can flex his or her arms. And by week of 20, Madam Speaker, not only can that baby recognize the sound of his or her own mother’s voice, but that baby can also feel pain. 
Madam Speaker, it is not only the 
pain of the child that we must be con-cerned with, but it is also the pain of the mother. 
H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn 
Child Protection Act, provides protec-tions for both the woman and the child. This is not a bill restricting women’s rights. This is a bill that supports and protects life. This bill is prowoman. It encourages discussion, medical treat-ment, and counseling for women who have been victimized. This bill is prowoman. It empowers women with a civil right of action if this law is not followed. 
This bill, Madam Speaker, is 
prochild. It ensures that a baby born alive will be given lifesaving treat-ment. This bill is a prowoman and prochild solution to what our science and our values—our deeply held val-ues—already tell us: that a baby at 22 weeks can feel pain, and that that baby deserves protection. 
Madam Speaker, I am for life at all 
stages. I am for the life of the baby and the life of the mother. I will continue to work for the day when not only is abortion illegal but, Madam Speaker, it is unthinkable. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), and that 
he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to H.R. 36. Instead of consid-ering legislation that would help to promote our economic recovery, ex-pand educational opportunities, repair our crumbling infrastructure, or invest in science and research, our House col-leagues on the Republican side con-tinue to pursue an extreme social agen-da. 
I stand to strongly oppose H.R. 36, 
which would violate Supreme Court precedent and impose arbitrary and un-constitutional restrictions on women’s healthcare decisions. Every woman in America deserves access to affordable, comprehensive health care, including full reproductive health care. H.R. 36 would ban abortions after 20 weeks even though medical professionals have explained that some deadly and severe conditions cannot be diagnosed earlier. 
Madam Speaker, politicians are not 
medical experts and should not be making healthcare decisions for women in this country. These decisions are properly made by women in con-sultation with their healthcare profes-sionals, not by a bunch of politicians in Washington. 
In addition, the bill contains an un-
reasonably narrow exception for cases in which the woman’s life is in danger or the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest: only if the woman has sought mental health counseling or reported the incident to law enforcement—even though we know that a majority of these crimes go undisclosed or unre-ported. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is a dan-
gerous distraction from the pressing needs facing our country. I urge my colleagues to oppose this terrible bill and leave healthcare decisions in the hands of the people they belong in, the women of this country. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-
er, I thank the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee for her leadership on this impor-tant issue. 
Madam Speaker, there is a rule in 
the House of Representatives that any little child who is a guest of ours can come right down here and be in the well with us. Now let’s assume for a moment that one of those children tripped and fell and hurt themselves and cried out in pain. There is not a Member of this body that wouldn’t rush to their side and comfort them. And that is what this bill does today. It rushes to the side of children who are feeling the pain of violence of abortion. 
Let’s stand with them. Let’s stand 
with women who deserve better than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.019 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2931 May 13, 2015 
the aggressive tactics of the abortion 
industry and their profit seeking and marketing. Let’s rebuild our Nation’s compassion capacity so that we can un-derstand what is right and just by pro-tecting the little ones who are most vulnerable. Let’s do something good for America today. 
Mr. COHEN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding and for his leadership. 
Madam Speaker, of course I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 36, which is nothing more than another ideological attack on women’s reproductive rights. 
This bill would institute a nation-
wide ban on abortion after 20 weeks with no exceptions to protect women’s health. It adds unnecessary burdens and obstacles to deny medical care to women in the most desperate of cir-cumstances, including in the instance of rape, by requiring women to seek counseling or medical treatment prior to her medical procedure. I remember the days of back-alley abortions. Many women died, and more were perma-nently injured before Roe v. Wade. 
Madam Speaker, with this egregious 
bill, Republicans have once again de-cided to take us back there, to threat-en physicians, for instance, with crimi-nal prosecution. This bill is unconsti-tutional; it is dangerous; and it is wrong. No woman should have a politi-cian interfering in her personal health decisions. They should always be kept private, period. And my faith is as deep 
as those using their faith, imposing their faith on women who must make these very difficult personal decisions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Ms. LEE. Instead of passing yet an-
other bill that attacks women, we should get back to the real work that American families desperately need, like eliminating poverty, instituting real criminal justice reform, and in-creasing job opportunities for all. 
For those who say that they support 
life, then why not support universal preschool, paid family medical leave, affordable child care, and support those life-affirming measures that we are trying to get passed here? So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this outrageous attack on women. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chair of the 
Pro-Life Caucus. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding and for her extraordinary leadership. Thank you to T
RENT FRANKS , Speaker 
BOEHNER , K EVIN MCCARTHY , C ATHY  
MCMORRIS -RODGERS , and the gentle-
woman presiding in the Chair—so many. This has been a team effort, and it will yield considerable protection when it is finally enacted into law. 
Madam Speaker, the Pain-Capable 
Unborn Child Protection Act is land-mark human rights law. It recognizes 
the compelling body of medical evi-dence that unborn children feel pain and seeks to safeguard and protect vul-nerable children from the violence of abortion. 
Dr. Anand, a leading expert in the 
area of fetal pain, has said: ‘‘It is my opinion that the human fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks of gestation, if not earlier, and the pain perceived by a fetus is pos-sibly more intense than that perceived by term newborns or older children.’’ 
Dr. Malloy testified before the Judi-
ciary Committee and said: 
When we speak of infants at 20 weeks we no 
longer have to rely on ultrasound imagery 
because premature patients are kicking, moving, and reacting and developing right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive care unit. 
Today, Madam Speaker, surgeons 
routinely administer anesthesia to un-born children—society’s littlest pa-tients—to treat diseases and anomalies and to perform benign corrective sur-geries. 
Today, there are Kermit Gosnells— 
you remember him, the infamous abor-tionist who was convicted 2 years ago today in Philadelphia. They are all over America inflicting not only vio-lence and death on very young chil-dren, but excruciating pain as well. And, you know, when it comes to pain, I don’t know about you, but I feel this way, I dread it, we all seek to avoid it, we even fear it, and we go to great and extraordinary lengths to mitigate its severity and duration. This legislation protects an entire age-specific class of kids from preventable pain and death. 
Madam Speaker, this is human rights 
legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, two years ago today, 
Pennsylvania abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell was convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill and involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to life imprisonment. 
Even though the news of Gosnell’s child 
slaughter was largely suppressed by the main-stream media, many of my colleagues may re-member that Dr. Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where women died and countless babies were dismembered or chemically destroyed often by having their spi-nal cords snipped—all gruesome procedures causing excruciating pain to the victim. 
Today, the House considers landmark legis-
lation authored by T
RENT FRANKS to protect 
unborn children beginning at the age of 20 weeks post fertilization from pain-filled abor-tions. 
The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection 
Act is needed now more than ever because there are Gosnells all over America, dis-membering and decapitating pain-capable ba-bies for profit: 
Men like Steven Brigham of New Jersey, an 
interstate abortion operator—35 aborted ba-bies were found in his freezer. 
Men like Leroy Carhart, caught on video 
tape joking about his abortion toolkit—com-plete with a ‘‘pickaxe’’ and ‘‘drill bit’’—while de-scribing a three day long late term abortion procedure and the infant victim as ‘‘putting meat in a crock pot.’’ Or like Deborah Edge who wrote in an op- 
ed that she ‘‘saw the abortionist puncture the soft spot in the baby’s head or snip his neck if it was delivered alive.’’ 
Some euphemistically call this choice, but, a 
growing number of Americans rightly regard it as violence against children. And huge majori-ties—60% according to November 2014 Quinnipiac poll—want it stopped! 
Fresh impetus for the bill came from a huge 
study of nearly 5,000 babies—preemies—pub-lished last week in the New England Journal of Medicine. The next day, a New York Times article titled: ‘‘Premature Babies May Survive at 22 Weeks if Treated’’ touted the Journal’s extraordinary findings of survival and hope. (Let me note that these 22 week old children referred to in the Times articles are the same age as the 20 week children that will be pro-tected by this bill. The only difference is the method used to calculate age.) 
Just imagine, Madam Speaker, preemies at 
20 weeks are surviving as technology and medical science advance. And some like Alex-is Hutchinson, featured in the New York Times story is today a healthy 5 year old who origi-nally weighed in at a mere 1.1 pounds. 
Thus the babies we seek to protect from 
harm today may survive if treated humanely, with expertise and compassion—not the cru-elty of the abortion. 
That is why, H.R. 36 requires that a late 
abortion permitted under limited circumstances provide the ‘‘best opportunity for the unborn child to survive’’ and that ‘‘a second physician trained in neonatal resuscitation’’ be ‘‘present and prepared to provide care to a child’’ con-sistent with the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002. 
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection 
Act recognizes the medical evidence that un-born children feel pain. 
One leading expert in the field of fetal pain, 
Dr. Anand, at the University of Tennessee stated in his expert report, commissioned by the U.S. Department of Justice: ‘‘It is my opin-ion that the human fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks of gesta-tion, if not earlier, and the pain perceived by a fetus is possibly more intense than that per-
ceived by term newborns or older children.’’ 
Surgeons today entering the womb to per-
form corrective procedures on unborn children have seen those babies flinch, jerk, and recoil from sharp objects and incisions. 
Surgeons routinely administer anesthesia to 
unborn children in the womb. We now know that the child ought to be treated as a patient, and there are many anomalies, many sick-nesses that can be treated while the child is still in utero. When those interventions are done, anesthesia is given. 
Dr. Colleen Malloy, assistant professor, Divi-
sion of Neonatology at the Northwestern Uni-versity, in her testimony before the House Ju-diciary Committee said: ‘‘When we speak of infants at 20 weeks post-fertilization we no longer have to rely on inferences or ultrasound imagery, because such premature patients are kicking, moving and reacting and developing right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive care unit.’’ 
Dr. Malloy went on to say, ‘‘in today’s med-
ical arena, we resuscitate patients at this age and are able to witness their ex-utero growth.’’ She says ‘‘I could never imagine subjecting my tiny patients to horrific procedures such as those that involve limb detachment or cardiac injection.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.058 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2932 May 13, 2015 
Other provisions in H.R. 36 include: 
An Informed Consent Form including the 
age of the child; a description of the law; an explanation that if the baby is born-alive, he or she will be given medical assistance and transported to a hospital; and information about the woman’s right to sue if these protec-tions are not followed. Women deserve this in-formation. 
The woman is empowered with a Civil Right 
of Action, so she may sue abortion providers who fail to comply with the law. Parents are also given a civil right of action if the law is not followed with regard to their minor daugh-ter. 
In the case of a minor who is pregnant as 
a result of rape or incest and is having an abortion at 20 weeks or later, the abortion pro-vider must notify either social services, or law enforcement to ensure the safety of the child and stop any ongoing abuse. 
In the case of an adult who is pregnant as 
a result of a sexual assault and is having an abortion at 20 weeks or later, the provider must ensure that she has received medical treatment or counseling at least 48 hours prior to the abortion. 
Compliance with State Laws including pa-
rental involvement requirements, and state re-porting requirements is required. 
The National Center for Health Statistics will 
issue an Annual Statistical Report (without personally identifying information) providing statistical information about abortions carried out after 20 weeks post-fertilization age. 
Finally, pain, we all dread it. We avoid it. 
We even fear it. And we all go to extraordinary lengths to mitigate its severity and its duration. 
Today, there are Kermit Gosnells all over 
America inflicting not only violence, cruelty, and death on very young children, but excru-ciating pain as well. This legislation protects an entire age specific class of kids from pre-ventable pain—and death. 
[From Americans United for Life] 
BACKGROUNDER : MATERNAL HEALTH AND  
LATE-TERMABORTION  
ABORTION POSES SIGNIFICANT RISKS TO  
MATERNAL HEALTH BY 20 WEEKS GESTATION  
A well-respected peer-reviewed journal— 
one which is also frequently cited by abor-tion advocates—notes that, ‘‘Abortion has a higher medical risk to women when the pro-cedure is performed later in pregnancy. Com-pared to abortion at eight weeks of an un-born child’s gestation or earlier, the relative risk increases exponentially at higher gesta-tions.’’ (L.A. Bartlett et al., Risk factors for legal induced abortion-related mortality in the United States, Obstetrics & Gynecology 103(4):729–37 (2004)). From the Bartlett study: 
‘‘The risk of death associated with abor-
tion increases with the length of pregnancy, from one death for every one million abor-tions at or before eight weeks gestation to one per 29,000 abortions at sixteen to twenty weeks and one per 11,000 abortions at twenty- one or more weeks.’’ 
As noted in the Bartlett study, gestational 
age is the strongest risk factor for abortion- related mortality. Compared to abortion at eight weeks gestation, the relative risk of mortality increases significantly (by 38 per-cent for each additional week) at higher ges-tations. 
In other words, a woman seeking an abor-
tion at 20 weeks is 35 times more likely to die from abortion than she was in the first trimester. At 21 weeks or more, she is 91 times more likely to die from abortion than she was in the first trimester. Moreover, the researchers in the Bartlett 
study concluded that it may not be possible to reduce the risk of death in later-term abortions because of the ‘‘inherently greater technical complexity of later abortions.’’ This is because later-term abortions require a greater degree of cervical dilation, with an increased blood flow in a later-term abortion which predisposes the woman to hemorrhage, and because the myometrium is relaxed and more subject to perforation. 
The same exact study is relied upon by the 
pro-abortion Guttmacher Institute in its Facts on Induced Abortion in the United States. In fact, Guttmacher emphasizes the increased risk by setting it apart in the text: 
The risk of death associated with abortion 
increases with the length of pregnancy, from one death for every one million abortions at or before eight weeks to one per 29,000 at 16– 20 weeks—and one per 11,000 at 21 or more weeks. 
At least two studies have now concluded 
that second-trimester abortions (13–24 weeks) and third-trimester abortions (25–26 weeks) pose more serious risks to women’s physical health than first-trimester abor-tions. Other researchers confirm a substan-tially increased risk of death from abortions performed later in gestation, equaling or sur-passing the risk of death from live birth. Re-searchers have also found that women who undergo abortions at 13 weeks or beyond re-port ‘‘more disturbing dreams, more frequent reliving of the abortion, and more trouble falling asleep.’’ 
Further, even Planned Parenthood, the 
largest abortion provider in the United States, agrees that abortion becomes riskier later in pregnancy. Planned Parenthood states on its national website, ‘‘The risks [of surgical abortion] increase the longer you are pregnant. They also increase if you have sedation or general anesthesia [which would be necessary at or after 20 weeks gestation].’’ 
When the Supreme Court decided Roe v. 
Wade in 1973, there was no evidence in the record related to medical data showing the health risks to women from abortion. The ‘‘abortion is safer than childbirth’’ mantra of 1973 has been refuted by the plethora of peer- reviewed studies published in the last 40 years. Specifically, recent studies dem-onstrate that childbirth is safer than abor-tion especially at later gestations. 
Moreover, studies reveal that abortion car-
ries serious long-term risks other than the risk of death. These studies reveal signifi-cant long-term physical and psychological risks inherent in abortion—risks that, as agreed by both pro-life and pro-abortion ad-vocates, increase with advancing gestational age. 
In sum, it is undisputed that the later in 
pregnancy an abortion occurs, the riskier it is and the greater the chance for significant complications. 
Mr. COHEN. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to this legislation, which amounts to nothing less than an as-sault on women’s fundamental rights. This is about a woman’s ability to make her own decisions in consultation with her doctor, not politicians. 
Not only does this unconstitutional 
bill run afoul of longstanding judicial precedent, but it will also jeopardize women’s health by banning abortion after 20 weeks even in cases were preg-nancy complications arise from serious health issues like pulmonary hyper-
tension, heart condition, kidney dis-ease, and cancer. 
What about the life of the mother? 
Women facing desperate medical situa-tions will see their healthcare options restricted through this unacceptable bill. 
Furthermore, rape and incest victims 
will face additional hurdles when ter-minating a pregnancy. Doctors and healthcare providers will encounter threats of fines and even imprisonment when they are simply trying to provide compassionate care to women in need. 
Madam Speaker, this bill inserts the 
government into one of the most per-sonal decisions a woman can make and would interfere with the relationship between women and their doctors. So much for getting government off my back. I would like to see the govern-ment out of my bedroom. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I now 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
b1615 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, our 
Declaration of Independence states that everyone is endowed by our cre-ator with an unalienable right to life. Recognition of God-given rights is part of who we are. 
Indeed, who could forget President 
Kennedy’s words more than 50 years ago when he said: 
Our rights do not come from the gen-
erosity of the State but from the hand of God. 
This legislation expands protections 
for the right to life. It recognizes that a class of children, unborn babies older than 20 weeks who feel the pain of abortion, should be protected. 
We must stand in solidarity with 
these vulnerable children and affirm: we will protect you. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
36. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Massachusetts (Ms. C LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
Madam Speaker, this is an outrage. We are again debating a bill that takes away women’s constitutional rights. 
I agree with the gentleman from Ari-
zona that we are privileged. We are privileged to be Members of Congress and represent our districts and our country, but we are not medical ex-perts, and we are not privileged to in-sert ourselves into these most personal decisions that must remain with women, their doctors, their families, and their faith. 
Clearly absent from this Congress’ 
agenda is any discussion about per-sistent wage inequality hurting women and their families. What about paid pa-rental leave? or making sure families get access to quality child care? What are we doing about feeding hungry chil-dren? or making sure that every child can access education? How about any-thing at all concerning women that doesn’t have to do with restricting re-productive rights? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.022 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2933 May 13, 2015 
Let’s call this bill what it is. It is an 
unconstitutional bill that would force survivors of sexual assault and incest to jump through hoops in order to get the medical care they need. This bill is an insult to women and to their fami-lies. 
As women and families are working 
hard to move this country forward, we are seeing a Republican Congress ob-sessed with moving us backwards. 
I urge this Congress to get back to 
work for them and reject this unconsti-tutional and insulting bill. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
This bill takes an important step to 
protect innocent life. Scientific evi-dence shows that unborn babies have the capacity to experience pain after 20 weeks. Ending these lives through abortion is both unconscionable and in-humane. 
As Members of Congress, it is our 
duty to protect those who are defense-less. Our bill affirms the humanity of the unborn while curbing the inhu-manity of abortion. As one of seven 
children, with five children of my own, and grandfather of 12, I ask my col-leagues to support this pro-life bill. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, may I 
inquire as to how much time we have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee has 7
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank my friend for yielding. 
Here we are again, at a time when 
this Congress should be focusing on the American people’s top priorities, draw-ing our economy, creating good-paying jobs, dealing with crumbling infra-structure, dealing with the big chal-lenges that the American people sent us to do, and we are not doing that; we continue yet another attack on wom-en’s health. 
Healthcare decisions should be made 
between a woman and her doctor, not politicians in Washington. Let me re-peat, healthcare decisions should be made between a woman and her doctor, not politicians here in Washington. We need to work together on the things we agree on. This keeps coming up over and over again. 
American people, American women, 
deserve the respect that should be ac-corded to them to exercise their right of privacy and their constitutionally protected right and not have people here in this Chamber continually at-tack their decisions that should be made in direct personal private con-sultation with their physician. To do anything other than that, I think, is taking this country and this Congress in the wrong direction. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for her work on this bill and all of my colleagues who had a hand in it, particularly the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for authoring this 
important legislation. 
I think most people would be sur-
prised to learn that the United States is one of only seven countries in the world that allows elective abortions to be performed after 20 weeks. Science has shown us that unborn children can feel pain. Some may argue against this; but then why would unborn babies, who are given lifesaving operations while still in the womb, routinely given anes-thesia? 
The Founding Fathers strongly be-
lieved that human beings are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which is the right to life. It is the duty of the Members of Congress to protect those who cannot speak for themselves. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ERA), on the day after 
Yogi Berra’s 90th birthday—not re-lated. 
Mr. BERA. Madam Speaker, I am a 
doctor. I have been a doctor for over 20 years. When I graduated from medical school, I took an oath. That oath con-tains that promise of patient auton-omy, that I am going to sit with my patients, I am going to answer their questions, and I am going to empower them to make the decisions that best fit their lives and their health care. That is sacred to the oath that I swore when I became a doctor. 
This bill will make it criminal for me 
to do my job as a doctor. It is all about empowering our patients to make the decisions that best fit their lives, an-swering their questions. It is personal. 
I think about this as a father of a 
daughter. I want my daughter to grow up in a country where she is in charge of her own healthcare decisions. When we think about limited government, none of us wants the government to come into the examining room and get between that doctor-patient relation-ship. 
This is sacred. This is what health 
care is all about. It is about working with our patients, answering their questions, and putting them in charge of their own healthcare decisions. 
This is a bad bill; this is a bill with 
massive government overreach. Vote against this bill, and let us do our job as doctors. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, the 
most basic responsibility of a govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people is to protect the people. We protect our senior citizens’ eco-nomic security with Social Security. 
We protect our country with our na-tional security. We have a Department of Homeland Security to protect all people. 
It seems that the very least we can 
do for the most vulnerable, defenseless, and innocent among us is to protect them with this basic right, to protect them from the imposition of the excru-ciating pain imposed on them by gov-ernment sanction no less—abortion. 
I urge all my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this important bill. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his lead-ership. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 36. It en-
dangers women’s health. It contains a woefully inadequate rape exception, is patently unconstitutional, and it con-tains no health exception for the moth-er. 
The entire premise that women must 
provide ‘‘proof of rape’’ is preposterous and hurtful to women who have al-ready faced incredible trauma. Most of us cannot begin to fathom what a woman has faced in these situations. The FBI rates rape the second worst crime, preceded only by murder, in terms of the destruction and con-tinuing harm to the victim. 
This is truly adding insult to injury. 
The majority party expects survivors to be mindful of keeping good medical paper records and to file paperwork that they, the majority, have decided that the rape victim should file. The reality is that abortions after 20 weeks are rare and represent just 1.5 percent of pregnancies that are terminated. 
In almost all of these cases, the 
women choosing an abortion are doing so because there is a grave problem with their pregnancy and their own health that affects their fetus. Some fetuses are incompatible with life, and in some cases, going to full term would destroy a woman’s ability to have fu-ture children. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. COHEN. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentlewoman. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Even after four decades of set-tled law, some of my colleagues still refuse to cede women their constitu-
tional right and the autonomy and human dignity that goes with being al-lowed to make your own decisions about your own body and your own health care. 
The party of individual rights and 
states’ rights wants to go into medical, personal decisions of women in this country with their doctors. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
awful bill, H.R. 36, and recognize that women are both capable and prepared to make decisions about their own bod-ies and their own medical care. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.061 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2934 May 13, 2015 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I rise in support of H.R. 36. I would point out that we have had 
an estimate of 58 million abortions in this country since Roe v. Wade. That is roughly 14 million by Planned Parent-hood alone, and it is about 1 million abortions a year in this country. 
We ended partial birth abortion for 
one reason: because those babies’ lives were ended the moment before they could scream for their own mercy. Now, with the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, we are going to be able to stop that abortion that is coming because we can see in 4–D ultrasound that these babies are writh-ing for their own mercy. 
These babies need to be brought for-
ward into us so that they can live, learn, laugh, and love so that, one day, they can stand here and celebrate the life that we gave them. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to make note that we 
have the American College of Nurse- Midwives; the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; the American Medical Student Associa-tion; the American Medical Women’s Association; the American Nurses As-sociation; the American Psychological Association; and many, many others against this bill. I would like to hear on the other side some of the medical groups that are supportive of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
This bill will protect women and chil-
dren by establishing Federal legal pro-tections from unborn babies of 20 weeks. Substantial evidence has shown that children at 20 weeks, or the fifth month of pregnancy, have the capacity to feel pain and, due to modern medi-cine, are increasingly likely to survive a premature birth. 
Furthermore, this bill protects the 
health of mothers when they are at their most vulnerable state. At 20 weeks, a woman is 35 times more likely to die from abortion than she would in the first trimester. After 21 weeks, that risk of death for the mother increases almost one hundredfold. 
It is fitting that this bill comes be-
fore the House floor on National Wom-en’s Health Week, a weeklong observ-ance led by the U.S. Department of Health encouraging women to prioritize their health. 
I am pleased to stand in support of 
this piece of women’s health legisla-tion today. This bill will empower women in their healthcare provisions and protect the lives of the innocent unborn. 
b1630 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act. 
This bill protects unborn children 
and ensures that those born alive are given the same level of care as other premature infants. 
I would like to introduce you to 
Micah Pickering and his parents. His mom, Danielle, recalls being told that her son, if born early, was not going to be viable at 20 weeks. She says: 
We were told that our baby would not cry 
upon birth. We were told that he would be stillborn. We were told that, if by some mir-acle he survived, he had a 95 percent chance of horrible, life-altering disabilities that would likely include not walking, not talk-ing, not even eating on his own. On the morning Micah was born, he defied all odds. We didn’t know what God’s will for Micah was, but we do now—it is to be a voice for all of those other babies. 
I insert into the R ECORD Danielle 
Pickering’s full story and letter. 
‘‘MIRACLE MICAH’’ 
(By Danielle Pickering, Mom) 
My son was not ‘‘viable’’. It was a word we 
were coming to hate. It all started the day my water broke, at 21 weeks. I was treated as if I had a Urinary Tract Infection, instead of a rupture of membranes. I was sent home with no instructions to do anything outside of my normal routine. I worked 8 hours a day in a warehouse, I cooked meals for my hus-band and myself, and I went to yard sales like normal, all with my water broken. One week later, at exactly 22 weeks, I started having small contractions and bleeding. My husband and I rushed to the Emergency Room, where they confirmed that my water was at less than 1 CM, and that I would be ambulanced to the University of Iowa Hos-pitals and Clinics for the remainder of my pregnancy. 
When I was admitted my heart rate was 
high, baby’s heart rate was high, and I was running a fever. They determined that since baby was not ‘‘viable’’ they would like to in-duce labor as they feared I had a life threat-ening infection. We called on everyone we knew to start praying, and within two hours I was now stable. We were then told that it was our decision to induce or to hold out and see what baby does, but they couldn’t do anything at that time to stop labor. We de-cided to wait. We couldn’t induce when we were sure this baby was not going to make it. 
For the next three days we were told hor-
rific statistics that no parent should ever have to face. We were told that our baby would not cry upon birth. We were told that he will likely be stillborn. We were told that, if by some miracle he survived he had a 95% chance of horrible life altering disabilities that would likely include not walking, not talking, not even eating on his own. 
On the morning of 22 weeks and 4 days, 
Micah was born. He defied all odds and cried two times upon birth. This was music to this devastated mom’s ears. I didn’t get to see him. He was rushed away by a huge team of Doctors and Nurses dedicated to saving his life, as that was the choice we had made. You see, we were told that we didn’t have to choose to intubate him and put him on a ventilator, but we had to do all we could to save this precious life. He had trusted his Mommy from conception to care and nourish him, and though my body was failing him, I wasn’t going to! I was going to fight for him. 
I was going to advocate for him! I was going to be the voice of this tiny, fragile little boy who already I was so in love with, and hadn’t even seen yet and thanks to an anterior pla-centa I hadn’t even felt him kick or move yet. 
The second I was able to meet Micah 
changed my life. He was so small. I didn’t know what to expect. Would he look ‘‘nor-mal’’? Could I bond with this baby? Those questions were a mess in my head as I was wheeled into his room two hours after his birth. The sight I saw was a perfectly formed baby. Lots of tubes and monitors all set up to be an artificial womb to this baby born too soon. My husband and I stood there just staring at this beautiful little boy who we were told we couldn’t hold as the skin was so sensitive it would hurt him. We were told we could press lightly on the skin so we each put our hand near him. HE reached up, and held our fingers. This was the strongest grasp I would ever feel. I never knew how strong a baby was until that moment! He had a powerful grip on our hands, and now our hearts. 
Micah was about to spend the next 4 
months in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. He was going to go through heart surgery, at 2 weeks old and just over a pound. He was going to hang on to life by a thread some days. There were days I couldn’t leave his room. I slept on the floor next to his warmer bed many nights, because my heart was so grieved for this tiny baby and I couldn’t leave him alone. He was going to go through every ventilator they had available. He was going to be on Nitric Oxide to help his lungs. He would get scores of X-Rays and heel pricks. He was going to do something amaz-ing-all because we were able to say ‘‘Yes, Please save our baby’’. 
Here was this little baby who was on mor-
phine for pain. He still had his eyes fused shut. You could see his chest vibrate from the ventilators. It was heartbreaking. Here was a boy who we would see get to take his first sneeze. His first smile. We would get to see the hiccups, from the outside. We would watch his eyes slowly unfuse. We would watch his hair grow in and we would watch his body develop. It was indescribably the most joyful time of our life. 
We knew the Lord had a plan for Micah. 
Our prayer to God from early on was that Micah’s life, Micah’s story, and Micah’s ex-ample would help others, and could somehow save other babies born too soon. We didn’t know what the will for Micah was, but we do now. It was to be a voice for all those other babies. We didn’t understand at the time that Micah was right on time, but now we do. Until you are faced with a situation like this, you cannot grasp the intensity that will become every decision. You can read every doctor report, you can get advice from every-one. You can be knowledgeable on every part of prematurity, but that does not change the fact that Micah was just as much full of life at 22.4 weeks as he now is at almost 3 years old. Every scary moment has been worth it. Every doctor visit, every oxygen tank we went through, every middle of the night phone call from Neonatologists, was worth it. We now have a very perfect almost 3 year old we get to call son, when we were pre-paring for empty arms. Our hearts are full because we chose to give him a chance at life. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, 
we must protect unborn children from cruel suffering, and we must ensure that any survivors get treated like any other premature baby. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 36. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.062 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2935 May 13, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. D EUTCH ). 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Madam Speaker, my Republican col-
leagues have no interest in preventing abortions after 20 weeks. The motiva-tion behind H.R. 36 could not be more transparent. They want to make abor-tion after 20 weeks illegal and abor-tions before 20 weeks impossible. 
Consider the story of a young woman 
named Josephine, who recently moved to Florida from Texas with her two kids after escaping an abusive husband. 
While trying to build a stable home 
for her children, she was raped, and she became pregnant. She couldn’t afford an abortion or a trip to her provider who was more than 80 miles away, so Josephine attempted to terminate the pregnancy herself by ingesting poison. She ended up hospitalized, needing sev-eral blood transfusions. She was still pregnant. By the time she gathered enough resources to cover her proce-dure and transportation to a provider nearly 80 miles away, she was 23 weeks pregnant. If this Republican majority were to have its way, Josephine would be denied access to a safe and legal abortion. 
From regulating providers out of 
business, to requiring waiting periods, to mandating counseling and medically unnecessary ultrasounds, this Repub-lican majority has made securing an abortion—has made exercising a wom-an’s constitutional right—a long and expensive process. Let’s reject this bill and, instead, work to ensure that all women can control their own bodies, their own health, and their own des-tinies. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
ARRIS ). 
Mr. HARRIS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 36. Let’s call this bill what it is—it is a late-term abortion ban. That is what it is, and a majority of Americans agree, Madam Speaker, that late-term abortions should be illegal in this country. 
Whether it is unconstitutional is not 
up for this body to determine. I believe the Supreme Court will rule that this is constitutional because there is a rea-son a majority of Americans believe that late-term abortions should be ille-gal—because that baby is developed at 20 weeks postfertilization, developed enough to perceive pain. That is how developed. It is developed enough to survive outside the womb. That is how developed. That is why a majority of Americans believe that that baby has rights as well. That is what we are here to do today. H.R. 36 preserves the rights of that baby to survive. 
I practiced OB anesthesia for over 20 
years. I was always amazed that, in the labor and delivery suite, we would de-liver 21-week postfertilization babies and that, down the corridor, they would abort them. This bill says that, if that baby being aborted is born alive, someone is going to actually resusci-
tate that baby. That is what we need, Madam Speaker. That is why I support H.R. 36. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY). 
Mrs. ROBY. I thank the gentlewoman 
from Tennessee and everyone who has worked so hard on this bill. 
Madam Speaker, I have sat here for 
25 minutes—or for however long—lis-tening to this debate, and I have been struck by the opposition to this bill’s constant and consistent argument that this is about leaving these decisions to the mothers and their doctors. 
What about the baby? Who is stand-
ing up for that baby who cannot speak for himself? That is what we are doing here today. 
This is such an important measure 
on behalf of those who don’t have a voice and who can feel pain. It is a shame that such a humane and com-passionate measure has opposition at all, especially since great care has been taken to protect women and babies in this bill. If we won’t stop abortions at 5 months, when unborn babies feel pain, when will we stop it? There have to be limits. Even those of us who want to end abortion altogether in any form support this restriction. Do you know why? It protects babies. It saves babies. It protects women. It assigns a greater value to human life. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). 
Mr. FLEMING. I thank my good 
friend from Tennessee. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today as a 
physician, as a father, and as a grand-father in support of H.R. 36, the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
It is no surprise that unborn children 
as young as 20 weeks postfertilization feel, respond to, and recoil from pain. These tiny forming human beings make faces, yawn, stretch, and suck their thumbs. I have my own grand-daughter, who is now about 20 months of age. When we viewed her 4–D ultrasound, her face compared to today is almost exactly the same. It is unbe-lievable how humanlike, how much like a baby, a baby really is in the womb because—let’s admit it—it is a child; it is a human life. 
We celebrate when our friends and 
families post these precious ultrasound pictures. In fact, life is always a cele-bration, and it is only right that we should be vigilant to ensure that the womb remains the most peaceful, pro-tected place for a child to grow and be nurtured. I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 36, which will protect chil-dren in the fifth month of development from the excruciating pain and in-tended violent death of an abortion. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). 
Mrs. LOVE. Madam Speaker, I was 
not planning on speaking today. I didn’t put my name on the list to speak today. I was actually sitting in my office, listening to the debate about this bill, and I started thinking of my 
three children. I started thinking about the decisions that we have to make in order to protect them, and I am disappointed that there is even op-position to this piece of legislation. 
I want you to know that we, as 
adults, have a voice. We are able to speak. We are able to speak in opposi-tion to things, but we have children who do not have a voice. Those babies whom we know can feel pain do not have a voice. 
Now, I want everyone who is watch-
ing today—because I am not trying to convince my colleagues—to think of their children, to think of their nieces, their nephews, their grandchildren— the ones that they love. Would they in-flict this kind of pain to keep them from coming into the world? 
We have a moral obligation in this 
country to protect life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It is time that we do our job—life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Tennessee has 1 minute remaining, and the gentleman from Tennessee has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. COHEN. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, if people, I think, 
listen to this debate, they would see one thing clearly in that there is a dif-ference on the two sides—a difference in perspective and a difference as to the facts. 
Some say that, clearly, the fetus 
feels pain. My data shows that the ma-jority of medical opinion says that the fetus does not; and Dr. Anand, whom they cite—my research shows—has re-tracted his position and doesn’t want to be involved in this debate, and he is an outlier. 
The bottom line is there are dif-
ferences—differences as to the facts as well as to the opinions. What that should say to anybody who watches this debate, Madam Speaker, is this issue shouldn’t be decided by politi-cians but by medical experts and by women with the people they trust— medical experts, not politicians—and by women with the advice of the people they trust. 
The truth of this debate came down 
to a lady from North Carolina who tes-tified contrary to what she said in Jan-uary. In January, she said the bill that came before this House was not a good bill and that it shouldn’t come to the House. It was withdrawn because incest is incest, and it shouldn’t be seen that people 18 and over couldn’t get an abor-tion if they were victims of incest. This bill allows it. She has changed her posi-tion, and at the close of her statement, she said: I will not rest until abortion is illegal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.064 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2936 May 13, 2015 
That is what this is about. It is the 
beginning of the end of abortion at 20 weeks, at 17 weeks, at 12 weeks, at 1 week, at conception. This is an anti-abortion bill. It is not about fetal pain. It is not about 20 weeks. That is what it is about. American women need to wake up. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, during 
the course of this debate, we have heard more than a few mischaracterizations against this leg-islation. In truth, this is just a modest, compassionate bill that does not in any way change abortion law for the first 5 months of pregnancy. 
As a nurse for more than 40 years, I 
know that late-term abortion is not health, and it is not caring. It takes an innocent life we know can feel pain in-side the womb and a life that is in-creasingly viable outside the womb. This is a human rights issue, and we have the responsibility to act. There-fore, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 36. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Madam Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
As a father of five children, I understand the 
precious joy children bring to the world. I firmly believe as a Member of Congress, I should defend the sanctity of life. I believe it is mor-ally imperative to protect those who are un-able to protect themselves. 
As a cosponsor of the bipartisan legislation, 
I am confident this is a step in the right direc-tion to protecting unborn children at the mo-ment that they can feel pain. It is important that Congress continue to pursue legislation that protects the right to life. 
I believe that most constituents in Iowa 
agree with me. According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, 62% of Americans support a ban on abortions after 20 weeks or earlier. Of women polled, 68% supported this bill’s pro-posed ban on abortions. 
I will continue to defend the lives of the un-
born and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to act on this measure. 
Mr. FARR. Madam Speaker, there are 
countless reasons why my colleagues should reject H.R. 36, the misnamed Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I am unequivo-cally opposed to the substance of the bill and the process by which it arrived on the House Floor today. 
According to the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention (CDC), a little over one percent of abortions that are performed annu-ally are resulting from pregnancies over 21 weeks. There are a variety of reasons why abortion care may become necessary at this stage of a pregnancy. Some may not know that they are pregnant; some, barred by public funding bans on abortion, need time to gather the funds for the procedure; and sadly, a large majority of these abortions are medically nec-essary due to severe fetal anomalies or risks to the mother’s health. Doctors must be al-lowed to offer their patients the best care pos-sible. Tragically, doctors in violation of this bill, were it to become law, could face jail time. The new version of H.R. 36 puts even more burdens on doctors in an all out effort to pre-vent them from performing the procedure so women will have nowhere to go for abortion 
services. 
As you’ll recall, H.R. 36 was introduced on 
the very first day of the new 114th Congress and just two months later, the Republican Ma-jority rushed this anti–family bill to the House Floor. However, with Members of its own party rejecting H.R. 36, the bill was pulled from the floor the night before it was to be debated on and another anti–choice bill was put in its place. It has taken over a month to make a bad bill even worse? The revised bill also forces adult rape survivors either to report the crime or to seek medical care at least 48 hours prior to getting an abortion. In order for a woman to comply with this requirement, not only does a woman have to see a provider other than the one providing the abortion, but she cannot see any provider in the same facil-ity where abortions are performed. 
While we recently marked the 42nd anniver-
sary of the Roe v. Wade decision allowing women to make their own reproductive choices, this legislation is nothing but a trans-parent attempt to restrict their choices once again. It takes any medical decision that should be made by a woman on the advice of her doctor and puts it into the hands of legisla-tors. Now, I know there are several House Members who are also doctors, but I had no idea so many Members—medical or other-wise—feel empowered to take this decision on to themselves rather than leaving these repro-ductive decisions to the person doing the re-producing: the individual woman. I am particu-larly surprised that so many men feel com-fortable making personal bodily medical deci-sions for women. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 36 is simply out-
rageous. This bill is unconstitutional and a bla-tant attempt to challenge Roe v. Wade at the expense of the reproductive health of our na-tion’s women. And they claim there is no war on women. How can they say that when they try to pass bills like this? 
Mrs. CAPPS. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 36, the so-called ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act’’. 
I am disappointed that yet again, Congress 
is debating and voting on this severely flawed legislation. H.R. 36 ignores the health issues and real life situations that women can face during pregnancy. 
This bill is not based on sound science. And 
it is certainly not based on the real experi-ences of American women and families. This bill is simply yet another attack on women’s 
health. 
Women want—and need—to make their 
own personal health care decisions in con-sultation with their doctor and spiritual advi-sor—not their Member of Congress. It is time to start trusting our nation’s women and fami-lies to make their own personal health care decisions. 
Instead of this political attack on women’s 
personal decision making, we should be fo-cusing on empowering women by expanding education opportunities, ensuring equal pay for equal work and increasing access to qual-ity child care—these are the things that really matter to women and their families. And these are the things that are going to strengthen working families and our economy. 
We have many critical issues facing this na-
tion that Congress should be focused on and this is certainly not one of them. 
Again, I would like to state my strong oppo-
sition to this misguided and out of touch piece of legislation and I urge my colleagues to vote 
no on H.R. 36. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 255, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Speaker, I have a motion to re-commit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. I am 
in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Brownley of California moves to re-
commit the bill H.R. 36 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: 
Page 6, line 11, insert after ‘‘life’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘or health’’. 
Page 6, beginning on line 12, strike 
‘‘whose’’ and all that follows through ‘‘condi-tions’’ on line 17. 
Page 11, line 13, insert after ‘‘life’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘or health’’. 
Page 11, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘by’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘injury’’ on line 15. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
b1645 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to H.R. 36, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
My amendment would ensure that 
nothing in the bill would prevent a woman from terminating her preg-nancy after 20 weeks if her health were at risk. Only 1.1 percent of abortions performed in the United States occur after the 20-week mark. These rare pro-cedures are often the most medically difficult and dangerous cases where women—many of whom want and have dreamed of being parents—are faced with impossible decisions. 
As it is written, H.R. 36 would force a 
doctor to wait until a condition be-comes life threatening before per-forming an abortion. It shows no con-cern for the long-term health of the mother, her future ability to bear chil-dren, or her right to make her own medical decisions. 
It ignores that there are very real 
and very serious reasons why a woman may need an abortion later in preg-nancy. For example, pregnant women with severe fetal anomalies or women whose amniotic sacs rupture pre-maturely and cannot support the fetus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.065 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2937 May 13, 2015 
would be forced to give birth. The bill 
also treats doctors as criminals for pro-viding care that has been the law of the land for 42 years, and it puts doctors’ safety at risk by requiring public dis-closure of doctors who provide abortion care around the country. 
Both the American Medical Associa-
tion and the American Congress of Ob-stetricians and Gynecologists under-stand that there is no appropriate one- size-fits-all solution. They oppose bills not based on sound science and that interfere with the physician’s ability to provide the highest quality of care. 
H.R. 36 does more than endanger the 
health and lives of women. It also robs rape victims of their constitutionally protected right to choose. The bill’s re-vised rape exception continues to ques-tion rape victims’ honesty by requiring that adult rape victims obtain coun-seling or medical treatment 48 hours before obtaining an abortion and pro-hibits both services from being per-formed by a woman’s regular OB/GYN. By placing these onerous burdens on women, this bill revictimizes women who have already been traumatized and denies women the right to choose their own doctor. 
Further, many women, especially 
victims of abuse, do not report rape for fear of reprisal. The National Institute of Justice estimates that only 35 per-cent of women report rape. Forcing a survivor to report her sexual assault before she can terminate a pregnancy resulting from rape or incest denies her basic rights. 
If we are serious about reducing the 
number of abortions, we should im-prove access to birth control and fam-ily planning, we should support com-prehensive sexual education, we should do anything but pass this misguided, misinformed, and ill-conceived legisla-tion. 
Instead of bills that harm women, we 
should work together on bipartisan leg-islation to help women and families, including passing legislation that pro-vides equal pay for equal work, access to child care, and paid family leave. We should also pass a transportation bill, fix our crumbling infrastructure, cre-ate jobs, and strengthen the economy. Backward bills, not based in science, that fail to respect a woman’s right to privacy and right to make her own health decisions have no place in local, State, or Federal legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the motion to recommit, vote ‘‘yes’’ to protect women’s health, vote ‘‘yes’’ for a woman’s right to choose. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. I rise in 
opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Washington is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Madam 
Speaker, we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, and among these rights are the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit 
of happiness. 
The bill before the House today af-
firms what a majority of Americans be-lieve, that over halfway through a pregnancy, an unborn baby deserves the full protection of the law and the Constitution. 
As a mother of three and a legislator, 
I have always believed that every life has value, every life deserves the op-portunity to reach its full potential. We live in an extraordinary time in which we are not bound by the condi-tions of our birth. We are not sen-tenced by our circumstance. And we should not be defined by what limits us but empowered by what we can be-come. As lawmakers, it is our responsi-bility to ensure that our laws reflect that. 
Medical science continues to evolve 
to create greater potential for life. Emerging research is challenging what we thought to be true of the earliest stages of human life. Just last week, The New York Times highlighted a study that showed a growing number of premature infants surviving after the point at which this bill would make abortion illegal. 
As a society, we need to ask whether 
we want to move forward with a better standard of living or if we want to rely on the outdated scientific research of the past. I want to legislate for the fu-ture, and the future will be defined by how we use the advancements taking place today to protect and improve human life. 
Those who represent the future are 
already there. There was a recent poll that 57 percent of millennials support this legislation, and they echo the voice of America. Sixty percent of Americans—Democrats, Republicans, Independents—support the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act. 
Abortion is really a symptom of larg-
er challenges that exist in our society, and these challenges demand attention of lawmakers. Pretending that there is a one-size-fits-all approach to abortion ignores the complex circumstances that surround each woman who is forced to consider choosing an abor-tion. 
This bill recognizes that at the half-
way point of a pregnancy, a baby who has developed 5 months, those cir-cumstances are increasingly more unique. Research shows that abortion becomes riskier to a woman’s health the later it occurs in pregnancy. 
We should not trivialize the decision 
to undertake an abortion at 20 weeks by suggesting that it should be made without additional medical or emo-tional support. We should write laws that empower women to make these decisions. We should support laws that show compassion for women. We should trust individuals to make the best deci-sions for themselves. We want to em-power every single person to reach their full potential. 
This country has made great strides 
in empowering all people, no matter where they started. That is why I am 
here, to stand as a fierce protector of every life. The human rights and dig-nity of each person should be reflected in every single piece of legislation we bring to the floor. 
This bill asks us to consider whether 
we, as a society, will tolerate abortion at any point of development, even though we know babies can feel pain at 20 weeks and survive outside the womb. This bill asks us to consider if it is compassionate to maintain a system that does nothing to offer emotional or medical support for a woman facing the most difficult decision of choosing an abortion 5 months into her pregnancy. 
These are questions that we must 
ask, and I am prepared to answer them by supporting the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and I urge my colleagues to reject the motion to re-commit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. 
Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of H.R. 36, if ordered; passage of H.R. 2048; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 181, nays 246, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 222] 
YEAS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.068 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2938 May 13, 2015 
Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Barletta 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Capps Hinojosa 
b1721 
Messrs. M CKINLEY and MARINO 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. HASTINGS, and 
Ms. MOORE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 184, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 223] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.026 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2939 May 13, 2015 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Hice, Jody B. 
NOT VOTING—5 
Barletta 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Capps Hinojosa 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1732 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN RECOGNI-
TION OF NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
(Mr. REICHERT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. REICHERT. Madam Speaker, 
this is National Police Week, and Fri-day is Peace Officers Memorial Day. Today I have with me my two good friends who have served in law enforce-ment. There are some others, I think, in our body who have had that experi-ence. So I brought some backup today with me. 
Every year we take a moment to rec-
ognize our law enforcement officers across this great Nation, the men and women who wear the uniform, who wear the badge, who protect our fami-lies and our communities. 
This year, 273 names will be added to 
the memorial wall—273 names. Already 
this year we have lost 44 police officers in the line of duty—44 already this year. That is one police officer dying in the line of duty every 3
1⁄2days—every 
31⁄2days. 
Madam Speaker, these men and 
women deserve our praise. They de-serve our thanks, and they deserve the recognition that we can give them today on the floor of the House. There are families here who have lost loved ones. At the service on Friday, the President will be there to address them. 
We rise today, the three of us to-
gether, to ask for a moment of silence to honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers will rise, and the House will ob-serve a moment of silence. 
f 
UNITING AND STRENGTHENING 
AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFEC-TIVE DISCIPLINE OVER MONI-TORING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the pas-sage of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Govern-ment to require the production of cer-tain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterror-ism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 338, nays 88, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 224] 
YEAS—338 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—88 
Amash Bass Blum Blumenauer Brat Brooks (AL) Burgess Capuano Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert 
Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Guinta Hanna Harris Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Honda Huelskamp Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Meadows Mulvaney Neal 
Nugent Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Rangel Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rush Salmon Sanford Schakowsky Schweikert Serrano Takai Takano Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—6 
Barletta 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Capps Castro (TX) Hinojosa 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa) (during the vote). 
There are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1746 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.027 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2940 May 13, 2015 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my 
vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 224 on H.R. 2048—USA Freedom Act of 2015. I was present for the vote but not recorded due to a mechanical problem with my voting card. I in-tended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 13, 2015 and would like the record to re-flect that I would have voted as follows: 
Rollcall No. 221: No. Rollcall No. 222: Yes. Rollcall No. 223: No. Rollcall No. 224: Yes. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PERMISSION TO EXTEND DEBATE 
TIME ON H.R. 1191, PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RESPONDERS ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that debate under clause 1(c) of rule XV on a motion to suspend the rules relating to H.R. 1191 be ex-tended to 1 hour. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1735. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 255 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1750 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, 
and for other purposes, with Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from 
Washington (Mr. S MITH) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 4 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to bring to 
the floor H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This measure was reported by the Armed Services Committee by a vote of 60 members voting for and two mem-bers voting against. Of the two mem-bers, there was one from each party. 
This bill follows the bipartisan tradi-
tion of the committee working collabo-ratively with an integrated staff to support the men and women who serve and protect our Nation. 
All members of the committee have 
contributed to this product, and I am very grateful for all of their efforts throughout the year. I am especially grateful to the efforts of the ranking member, Mr. S
MITH, not only for his 
contributions and for his partnership in the committee but doing so at a time where he has been dealing with surgeries and a variety of things. But it has been a true pleasure and con-tinues to be to work with him for the benefit of our Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill authorizes 
spending for the Department of Defense at a level that is consistent with the congressional budget resolution and a level that is consistent with the Presi-dent’s budget request. So there have been differences, and there will con-tinue to be some differences about how some of that spending gets categorized, but when you add it all up together, this authorization measure meets ex-actly what the President has asked for, which is essentially $611.9 billion for national defense. 
Included is a program-by-program 
authorization for all of that spending; whether it is in the overseas contin-gency account or the base budget, it is all authorized program by program. 
This bill also contains some signifi-
cant reforms, including acquisition re-form, to improve the way the Depart-ment purchases goods and services. We have been working with the Pentagon and with industry to thin out regula-tions, simplify the process, and make it easier to hold industry and government personnel accountable for the results. 
This bill has overhead reform to re-
duce the amount of money that we are spending on overhead and bureaucracy so that more resources can be devoted to the men and women on the front lines. 
This measure has reform in the area 
of personnel pay and benefits. Of the 15 recommendations by the personnel commission, this measure does some-thing in 11 of those 15 so that we can be 
in better shape to continue to recruit and retain the top quality people that our Nation needs for decades to come. 
Now, some people say, Well, there is 
too much reform here. Some people say, Well, there is not enough reform here. There isn’t enough if enough means you solve all the problems. But there is a start at significant reform that helps make sure we get better value for the money we spend and also that the Department is more agile in meeting the national security chal-lenges we face. 
Mr. Chairman, this morning in read-
ing the papers, I made some notes about the headlines just in one news-paper today, May 13, 2015. Some of those headlines are ‘‘Kerry Meets Putin,’’ ‘‘U.S. Weighs Plan to Confront China in the South China Sea,’’ and ‘‘Fresh Earthquake Rattles Nepal.’’ 
By the way, Mr. Chairman, I know 
that the Marines and their families who were involved in the helicopter, which has not yet been found to my un-derstanding, are certainly in our thoughts and prayers. Our military is called upon to do humanitarian efforts. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman from Texas has expired. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself an additional 1 minute. 
‘‘Somali Men Plead Guilty in Terror 
Plot,’’ ‘‘North Korea Executes Defense Chief,’’ and ‘‘Assad Still Has Chemical Arms.’’ The list goes on and on. This is the world that we face. This is the world we send our men and women out into to protect us and to defend our Nation. They deserve the best from us. They deserve something other than po-litical games. They should not be used as pawns to make a point. 
We should give them our best by 
doing our job under the Constitution, just as they give us their best in de-fending this country. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I think this bill, H.R. 1735, deserves the support of all Members in this House, and I hope they will do so. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to congratu-
late the chairman—this is his first year as chairman—on his hard work on this bill, and there are a lot of very good things in this bill. I think most promi-nently is the reform the chairman mentioned, the compensation reform. We formed a commission to study how we do personnel compensation and the retirement system. In a very rare move, we actually followed some of the advice of that commission in this bill and made, I think, some very positive reforms to the personnel compensation system. There are a variety of other re-forms the chairman has worked on that are important. There is also a whole slew of provisions in there that do, in fact, do an excellent job of providing for the men and women who defend our country. So there are a lot of very posi-tive things about this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.029 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2941 May 13, 2015 
I appreciate the hard work of every-
one involved. 
Unfortunately, for the first time in 19 
years, I am going to be opposing the NDAA on the floor for two reasons, but one is really the big one, and it is un-derstanding how our budget has worked. 
We have not had a normal budget ap-
propriations process since 2011, and this has affected every single govern-ment agency—and keep that fact in mind—not just the Department of De-fense. I will talk about the Department of Defense at length. But the lack of a normal appropriations budget process has impacted every single Federal agency: transportation, infrastructure, education, housing, on down the line. 
Ever since 2011, Mr. Chairman, they 
have faced one government shutdown and a succession of threatened govern-ment shutdowns and continuing resolu-tions. This has made it absolutely im-possible to plan long term and also has cut a pretty dramatic amount of money out of all of these agencies. It has been particularly hard on the De-partment of Defense, which tries to do a 5-year plan when they are figuring out what they can procure. This sort of halt, stop, we are going to fund you, we are not going to fund you, we are going to shut down the government, CR, has had a devastating impact on the ability to fund government. 
The budget resolution passed by the 
House and the Senate this year does not fix that because it relies on the overseas contingency operation fund, which is limiting. It is 1 year of money. It, again, does not allow the Depart-ment of Defense to be planned. I want everyone to know the Secretary of De-fense Ash Carter, in the Senate, testi-
fied on why OCO, funding $38 billion of the Defense bill through OCO, is unac-ceptable, and he doesn’t support it and doesn’t support this bill. 
But the reason we oppose this—and 
this is very important to understand— to fix the problem, to get us to the point where we can fund Defense and everything else in a reasonable way, we need to get rid of the budget caps from the Budget Control Act. That is the only way. And we do not do that here. We take money out of the overseas contingency operation fund to give De-fense 38 billion additional dollars. 
But, in one sense, Mr. T
HORNBERRY is 
wrong when he says that in all senses what we do here matches what the President did. Within the Defense budget, the number is the same. But the President’s budget also lifted the budget caps for the 11 other appropria-tions bills. 
I know we serve on the Armed Serv-
ices Committee, and I have heard mem-bers of the Armed Services Committee say, ‘‘Don’t talk to me about that stuff. I serve on the Armed Services Committee. That is not my depart-ment.’’ 
b1800 
I would love to know what district 
those people are living in because roads and bridges and schools and housing, it 
affects all of us, and those budget caps remain in place. 
What this Defense bill does, unfortu-
nately, is it locks in the Republican budget. It locks in the deal they made with the Senate to continue to provide devastating cuts at the Budget Control Act level for everything else and then let Defense and only Defense out of jail in an awkward sort of backdoor way through the overseas contingency oper-ations. 
To agree to this bill is to agree to 
cuts in those 11 other bills—to cuts in transportation, to cuts in research, to cuts at NIH and CDC, in all of these programs that we care about. If we ac-cept this, then those cuts are locked into place. 
Don’t get me wrong. I support spend-
ing $38 billion more on the Defense budget; I support the President’s level; I support this level, but I also support lifting the budget caps for all of the other areas of our government that are facing the same sort of devastating cuts and difficulties that the Defense Department has. If we agree with this, we lock in the budget. 
Lastly, I want to point out that the 
President has said he does not support this process. He opposes all the appro-priations bills, and he will oppose this Defense bill. The President hasn’t gone away. There is not a sustainable veto override number for those appropria-tions bills in the House and the Senate. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself an additional 2 minutes. 
Everything that we are doing on this 
bill and in the appropriations bills be-tween now and October is—and I know the Republican plan is to hope the President just sort of changes his mind and signs all those bills; I consider that highly unlikely—so what is going to happen is we are going to get to Octo-ber, and this is all going to blow up anyway because the President is not going to sign it. 
He is still there. I know the Repub-
licans won the Senate, but the Presi-dent didn’t go anywhere, and the Con-stitution didn’t change, and nothing becomes law unless he signs it. 
What I urge is that the President, the 
House, and the Senate—all three—sit 
down and come up with a budget solu-tion that ends the budget caps for all of these bills so we can start working on something that is real. I mean, this $38 billion is great, but like I said, between here and when it heads up Pennsyl-vania Avenue, it is going away, and then we are going to have to double back and try to fix this anyway. 
I guess all I am saying is we should 
start now instead of risking another government shutdown, risking another continuing resolution, and get a true budget agreement that actually ad-dresses the Budget Control Act in its entirety, doesn’t just find a sort of awkward workaround through the overseas contingency operations just to take care of Defense. I support this level, but not this way. 
It has too devastating an impact on the rest of our budget, and as Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said, OCO funding is no way to fund the Defense Depart-ment if it is not legitimately for OCO expenses. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, I have enormous re-
spect for the distinguished ranking member. I think, however, it is a very hard argument to make that we are going to oppose the bill that takes care of our men and women in the military because we want to try to pressure Congress and the President to reach an agreement on spending on other stuff. 
How could that possibly happen in 
this bill? It can’t. That requires other legislation. I think that is a poor rea-son to oppose this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), my friend and colleague, the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to commend Chairman T
HORNBERRY  
and the members of the Armed Serv-ices Committee on a very strong mark. I want to especially thank my distin-guished ranking member, M
ADELEINE  
BORDALLO , for working with me to ad-
dress some of our most critical readi-ness challenges. 
The FY16 National Defense Author-
ization Act makes notable strides in restoring full spectrum readiness in helping move us away from what the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dempsey, referred to as the ‘‘ragged edge’’ of being able to execute the current Defense strategy. 
Specifically, this year’s NDAA pro-
hibits the Department from pursuing an additional BRAC round or any other effort aimed at locking in unwise force structure reductions during a time of accelerated transition and uncertainty, but does task the Department to con-duct an assessment of where we may be overcapitalized in facilities so Congress can make informed decisions going for-ward. 
We must be strategic about our long- 
term decisions, such as how we treat our headquarters and civilian per-sonnel. We need to keep those things in mind. They do important work for this Nation, and on their behalf, we owe it to them to take the time to look at how provisions in this bill could nega-tively affect their efforts. 
This year’s NDAA also restores many 
critical shortfalls across the force. For example, for the Navy, the bill fully funds the operation and maintenance accounts for an 11th carrier and the 10th air wing, aircraft maintenance reset, and ship operations. 
For the Army, the bill fully funds 
collective training exercises resulting in 19 Combat Training Center rotations for brigade combat teams, as well as fully funding the initial entry rotary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.079 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2942 May 13, 2015 
wing training program and restoring 
funding to meet 100 percent of the fly-ing hour program requirement. 
The bill also provides the Marine 
Corps with additional resources to meet aviation readiness requirements to ensure adequate numbers of mission- capable aircraft. 
For the Air Force, the bill provides 
additional training resources for high- demand areas such as pilots for un-manned systems, joint terminal con-trollers, cyber operations, insider threats, and open source intelligence. 
Finally, the bill addresses several 
other shortfalls by resourcing many of the Department’s most pressing un-funded requirements. 
I am proud of what we have accom-
plished in this year’s bill and encour-age all of my colleagues to support its passage. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to myself just to respond briefly to Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ’s remarks. 
The problem, too, why this won’t ac-
tually fund our troops is it is OCO funding to begin with; and, as the Sec-retary of Defense said, it makes it very difficult to do it in any sort of com-prehensive way. 
More importantly, when we get to 
the end of the process, if the President doesn’t agree to it, then we haven’t funded the troops at this $38 billion ad-ditional level. If that is where he is at on the veto on these appropriations bills, then we haven’t done it. We sim-ply run the clock out for another 4 or 5 months. 
We have got to get to a budget agree-
ment that the President agrees to, or we are not going to fund the troops at the level that I agree with the chair-man that we need to fund them at, and this bill does not do that. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), the rank-
ing member of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to thank Dr. H
ECKand the 
committee staff for working in a bipar-tisan manner to develop this bill, and I also want to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for 
their leadership during this process. 
The bill takes important steps to-
ward personnel reform by including recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission, and I think we all want to thank them for their work. 
A key provision is the modernization 
of the military retirement system. While maintaining the 20-year defined retirement, a thrift savings plan is added not just for retirees, but for all servicemembers. This will positively impact the 83 percent of the force—I am going to say it again—83 percent of the force that leaves prior to the 20- year mark. 
The NDAA continues the commit-
tee’s critical work towards the preven-tion of and response to sexual assault. Several provisions will increase access to better trained special victims coun-
sel, prevent retaliation against service-members, and increase awareness and training to better aid male victims of sexual assault. 
Once again, the bill does not contain 
the Department’s request to admin-ister changes to the commissary sys-tem, reductions to the housing allow-ance, or TRICARE reform, but we must address these issues in some way in the future. Reform of the military healthcare system is crucial to ensure that care is elevated to a level befit-ting our servicemembers, our wounded veterans, retirees, and their families. 
Important issues were addressed in 
this bill, and I support many of the provisions and all the hard work that went into it. However, national secu-rity is borne from many factions, in-cluding the education of our people, in-vestment in science and technology, and the support of sustainable re-sources and infrastructure. 
All of these realms, Mr. Chairman, 
must be funded adequately and prop-erly in order for our military to remain the most elite force in the world. I am disappointed that this NDAA, although meeting the President’s budget number request, does not follow the funding rules we have abided by in the past, thereby placing our national security in jeopardy. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Pro-jection Forces. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
I want to commend the leadership of 
Chairman T
HORNBERRY in bringing this 
bill to the floor. His leadership has been instrumental in tackling many of the tough issues this committee has had to address and in getting this bill finished on schedule. 
That being the case, I am absolutely 
perplexed by a President that would even suggest that he would veto a bill or Members of Congress who would sug-gest they would support him in vetoing a bill that gives every dime he re-quested for the support of the men and women who are fighting to defend this country and for the national security of this country unless he gets every-thing he wants for the EPA and the IRS and whatever part of his other po-litical agenda he wants to keep. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time that we put 
national security and the men and women that defend this country first and leave politics for another day. 
As to the Seapower and Projection 
Forces Subcommittee, this bill fully funds the carrier replacement program, two Virginia class submarines, two Arleigh Burke class destroyers, and three littoral combat ships. 
It reverses the administration’s re-
quest to close the Tomahawk produc-tion line and keeps the Ticonderoga class cruisers in active service. It also accelerates the modernization of our existing destroyers and increases valu-
able undersea research and develop-ment activity and sustains our next- generation tanker and bomber pro-grams. 
I am pleased with the Seapower and 
Projection Forces’ effort in this bill and believe that it is another positive step on a long road to adequately sup-port our national security. Perhaps that is why the bill passed out of com-mittee with such an overwhelming bi-partisan margin of 60–2, with so many people on the other side of the aisle being for it before they were against it. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ), 
the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their accepting amend-ments to address military sexual as-sault, increase oversight, transgender rights, whistleblower protection, and equal access to contraception for mili-tary women; but, despite these im-provements and many others from my colleagues, I cannot support this bill in its current form. 
Instead of making tough decisions 
with our limited resources, this bill uses an accounting gimmick to further parochial and political interests above the readiness of the men and women protecting us and the interests of tax-payers we represent. 
We chose to address the sage grouse 
rather than the elephant in the room. By irresponsibly sheltering $38 bil-lion—above the self-imposed budget gap—in the OCO account, this bill at-tempts to decouple national security from economic security. 
In reality, these are one and the 
same. Our military leadership gets it, but this seems to be lost on us. Admi-ral Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, stated that the deficit that we are unwisely adding to in this bill is the single greatest threat to our national security. 
Rather than empowering our mili-
tary to align our force structure with the capabilities we need, we tied their hands; and, rather than addressing wasteful overhead, needless spare parts, or outdated weapon systems, we chose to ensure that corporations that move their headquarters overseas to avoid taxes continue to get Defense contracts. 
Provisions of this bill also attempt to 
force the DOD to keep our detention fa-cility in Guantanamo Bay open. GTMO is a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for our allies. Those aren’t my words; they are George W. Bush’s and 15 to 20 retired generals and admirals. 
Another provision of this bill pre-
vents the military from saving lives by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.080 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2943 May 13, 2015 
purchasing alternative fuels. Costly re-
fueling operations and convoys are ex-traordinarily dangerous; yet, because the existence of climate change is a po-litical talking point, somehow, service-member safety is second rate. 
The military is not separate from the 
rest of the country. Along with defend-ing us, members of the military need to drive on roads that are not crumbling, cross bridges that are not falling, and send their children to public univer-sities that are not bankrupt. 
It also makes it difficult to fund 
basic research, which has been a key element to our global competitive ad-vantage and the source of much of the technology that our military relies on. 
We are choosing to spend vast quan-
tities of money on planes that the mili-tary does not want, while refusing to address problems that everyone in the Nation, including military members, needs fixed. 
We have to face the reality that we 
can’t keep our Nation secure if we let our country rot from the inside. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
bill. 
b1815 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), the chair 
of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of the National Defense Authorization Act and also to thank Chairman M
AC 
THORNBERRY for his leadership and 
hard work to bring this important bill to the floor. 
Committee support was bipartisan— 
60–2—and politics should not be raised to obstruct. I am honored to serve as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, which oversees some of the most for-ward-looking and critical aspects of the Department of Defense, including defense-wide science and technology ef-forts; Special Operations Forces; Cyber Command and the cyber forces of the Department of Defense; and many other programs and activities that deal with evolving and emerging threats, from weapons of mass destruction, to Putin’s aggression against Ukraine, to the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, ISIL or Daesh. The Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities Sub-committee has been active in con-ducting oversight in all of these impor-tant areas. 
It is also worth noting that much of 
the oversight conducted by the sub-committee is classified and takes place behind closed doors where we review and remain current on sensitive activi-ties and programs involved in Depart-ment of Defense intelligence capabili-ties, Special Operations Forces, and cyber forces. The subcommittee takes this sensitive oversight role very seri-ously as we consider Department of De-fense authorities and programs that enable these sensitive activities. Overall, our portion of the bill pro-
vides for stronger cyber operations ca-pabilities, safeguards our technological superiority, and enables our Special Operations Forces with the resources and authorities to counter terrorism, unconventional warfare threats, and to defeat weapons of mass destruction. 
I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , and I 
would like to thank my friend and sub-committee ranking member, Mr. J
IM 
LANGEVIN of Rhode Island. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY), the ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Seapower and Projection Forces. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, at 
the outset, I want to extend my com-pliments to the chairman of the com-mittee for his first NDAA bill and for the way he conducted a 19-hour mark-up that went until close to 5 o’clock in the morning. I also thank the ranking member, who provided just really great leadership in terms of moving that process along, and the strong vote that came out of the committee. 
On the Seapower and Projection 
Forces Subcommittee—and Mr. F
ORBES  
ticked off some of the priorities that came through the report—I just want to add one item which, I think, is real-ly important to note. In terms of the future challenges for the shipbuilding of this country, the replacement pro-gram for the ballistic submarine pro-gram, the Ohio replacement program, is going to cost, roughly, $70 billion to $80 billion. It has been identified by Secretary Carter on down as the top priority of the Defense Department as well as the Department of the Navy. The question is not about whether or not we are going to build that sub. The question, really, is: What is going to happen to the rest of the shipbuilding account? 
This year’s NDAA bill activates the 
national sea-based deterrence fund, which is an off-shipbuilding budget ac-count to build this once-in-a-multi-generation program, using clear prece-dent of the past of the national sea- based deterrence account, which took that program off the shipbuilding budg-et’s shoulders, and we are using that same approach to make sure that, in meeting this critical need, the Ohio re-placement program is not going to suf-focate the rest of the shipbuilding ac-count. $1.4 billion is going to be infused into this fund with the Defense Author-ization Act, and that is going to pro-vide a path forward to make sure that we meet this critical need as well as to make sure that we have a viable, 300- plus-ship Navy, which every defense re-view over the last few years or so has identified as critical. 
This is an important item which, I 
feel, as part of this evening’s debate, should be identified, and it is some-thing that was a bipartisan effort on both sides of the Seapower and Projec-tion Forces Subcommittee. I look for-ward to a vigorous debate over the next 2 days. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
I had the privilege of serving as the 
chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee. I want to thank my ranking member, L
ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ, for her support in completing the 
markup of this bill, and I want to ex-tend my thanks to the subcommittee’s vice chairman, P
AULCOOK. I also want 
to thank our chairman, Chairman T
HORNBERRY , for his leadership and his 
bipartisan work. 
Now, I had a sentence here where I 
said I was thanking Ranking Member S
MITH for his work on a bipartisan 
basis because of his support for this bill when it came out of the committee, but due to his recent opposition to this bill, I am going to cross that part out. 
Mr. Chairman, the committee’s 
focus, though, has been on a bipartisan basis, and you will hear the members stand and talk about the provisions that we worked on on a bipartisan basis, and that is why it actually de-serves, I think, everyone’s support. 
It supports the men and women of 
the Armed Forces and their families. It provides the equipment they need and the support that they deserve. I believe that the committee’s bill strikes the appropriate balance between equipping our military to effectively carry out its mission and providing oversight. 
Under this bill, Congress provides ad-
ditional funding for new National Guard Blackhawk helicopters, F–35 
Joint Strike Fighters, Navy strike fighters, unmanned aerial systems, lethality upgrades for Stryker combat vehicles, improved recovery vehicles, Javelin antitank missiles, and aircraft survivability improvements for Apache attack helicopters. 
We support the National Guard and 
Reserve component. This bill provides additional funds as part of a National Guard and Reserve equipment account to address significant equipment short-ages and modernization equipment for the Guard and Reserve. 
This bill also calls for continued ac-
tion to eradicate sexual assault in the military. I want to thank Congress-woman T
SONGAS , Chairman W ILSON , 
my ranking member, Ms. S ANCHEZ , and 
Ranking Member S USAN DAVIS for 
working on a bipartisan basis for these provisions. This bill provides greater access to Special Victims’ Counsel for Department of Defense civilian em-ployees. It addresses issues of retalia-tion against victims and those who re-port sex crimes. It enhances sexual as-sault prevention for male victims. It prohibits the release of victims’ mental 
health records without an order from a judge, and it provides additional train-ing for our military leaders. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.082 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2944 May 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), 
the ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Readiness. 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Ranking Member A DAM 
SMITH and my dear friend, Chairman 
WITTMAN , for working collaboratively 
with me on the readiness section of the NDAA. 
I believe that this bill provides our 
servicemen and -women with what they need to be prepared to face the chal-lenges that are constantly thrown at them by a dangerous and unpredictable world. However, as Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY often likes to remind us, this 
gets us to the bear, ragged, lower edge of what is required to respond to the full spectrum of the challenges we face. 
In addition to funding our readiness 
requirements, our bill looks to the fu-ture by requiring GAO reports on Army and Air Force training requirements, a review of the Army’s Pacific Pathways program, and an assessment of the ade-quacy of support assets for the Asia- Pacific rebalance. These reports will provide the information necessary to enable us to determine whether the programs are achieving their intended purposes or will allow us to take cor-rective action if they are not. The bill also authorizes a 2.3 percent pay in-crease for all servicemembers. 
The bill continues our strong tradi-
tion here in the House of supporting the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific re-gion. I am pleased that this bill author-izes funding for the relocation of ma-rines from Okinawa to Guam and au-thorizes the improvement of critical infrastructure on Guam. Further, we have provided clear language that, for the first time ever, shows support from Congress on the need for continued progress on the development of a Futenma replacement facility as the only option for the marines on Oki-nawa. This bill also requires the ad-ministration to develop a Presidential policy directive that would provide guidance to each of the agencies and departments on how to resource and support the rebalance strategy. 
As I have been saying for some time, 
the best thing we could do to increase our readiness above the minimum threshold that we are on is to elimi-nate sequestration and get away from the gimmick of using OCO funding, which adds to our Nation’s credit card bill. I agree with the President and with the Secretary of Defense that OCO funding is not a permanent solution and that it hampers DOD’s ability to utilize funding in a responsible manner and to plan for future years. I do hope, Mr. Chairman, that this Congress can, once and for all, find a solution and fix this bill to end sequestration across the board. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1735, the fiscal year 2016 National 
Defense Authorization Act, the 54th consecutive Defense Authorization Act, which recently passed out of the Armed Services Committee by a vote of 60–2. 
I want to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for his leadership in getting us 
here today. Without his guidance, we might have been here with a bill that failed to provide the $612 billion re-quested by the President for national defense. I wouldn’t have been able to have supported that bill. Instead, we do have one that does meet the minimum needs as outlined by Chairman Martin Dempsey. 
I am also particularly proud of the 
provisions of the Strategic Forces Sub-committee’s jurisdiction: 
We authorize $475 million for the 
Israeli missile defense, including the U.S.-based coproduction; 
We direct development of U.S. mili-
tary capabilities to counter Russia’s violation of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. Putin must rec-ognize that his illegal actions will have real consequences; 
We require the adaptation of the 
Aegis Ashore missile defense sites the U.S. is deploying in Romania and Po-land so that they are capable of self-de-fense against airborne threats. It is simply immoral to deploy U.S. per-sonnel to these sites and then remove an intrinsic self-defense capability; 
We strengthen our decision made last 
year to end U.S. reliance on Russian rocket engines by putting real money behind a new rocket engine program; 
We set priorities in NNSA by control-
ling the size of the bureaucracy, ending ineffective nonproliferation programs, and seriously tackling the $3.6 billion deferred maintenance backlog that we suffer at our nuclear weapons com-plexes. We can no longer ask the best and the brightest we have to work in decrepit infrastructure. 
I am also pleased that language was 
included to prohibit furloughs at Work-ing Capital Fund facilities, like the Anniston Army Depot, provided there is funded workload. Also included was my amendment with Congressman R
OB 
BISHOP that would exempt civilian jobs 
funded by the working capital fund, like those jobs at the depot, from the planned 20 percent reduction at head-quarters. 
The Anniston Army Depot is one of 
the largest employers in east Alabama and is the most efficient production and maintenance facility the Army has. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the 
chair of the Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the fiscal year 2016 NDAA, and I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for bringing this impor-
tant bill to the floor. We have a proud tradition in the 
Armed Services Committee of sup-porting our national defense in a bipar-tisan manner, and I hope that tradition will continue this year. 
This country is facing a vast array of 
threats, both from state and nonstate actors, and I am pleased that the NDAA provides for the resources need-ed to address those threats today while also preparing for those of tomorrow. 
As Oversight and Investigations Sub-
committee chairwoman, I am proud of the provisions included to address issues related to detainee transfers. I remain frustrated and concerned with the administration’s lack of coopera-tion in the investigation of the Taliban Five transfer. I consider it prudent to withhold funding from DOD until more information and support is given so that we may continue proper oversight. 
This bill is good news also for the 
men and women at Fort Leonard Wood and Whiteman Air Force Base. One of my top priorities since I got to Con-gress has been to support Whiteman commanders’ requests for the construc-tion of the Consolidated Stealth Oper-ations and Nuclear Alert Facility. This facility is included in this NDAA, and it will bring substantial, immediate, and long-term benefits to the base and to its B–2 operations. Additionally, I requested the provision to authorize 12 additional F/A–18F Super Hornets. 
These aircraft will fill an immediate need in the fight against ISIL and allow them to be converted to airborne electronic attack Growlers later, if necessary. 
After a marathon 18-hour-long debate 
throughout the day and night, my col-leagues on the House Armed Services Committee and I have produced a bi-partisan bill that allocates vital funds for our Nation’s defense. I am proud of this bill, and I urge Members to sup-port its passage. 
b1830 
Mr. COURTNEY. I continue to re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), chair of the Sub-
committee on Military Personnel. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Chairman, 
the military personnel provisions of H.R. 1735 are the product of an open, bi-partisan process. The mark provides our warfighters, retirees, and their families the care and support they need, deserve, and earned. 
Some highlights from this year’s pro-
posal include continued emphasis on the Department of Defense Sexual As-sault Prevention and Response pro-gram by addressing shortfalls in the program identified in the Judicial Pro-ceedings Panel initial report. 
There is also rigorous oversight and 
consideration of the recommendations made by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission. Specifically, the mark would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to es-tablish a joint formulary that includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.084 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2945 May 13, 2015 
medications critical for the transition 
of an individual undergoing treatment related to sleep disorders, pain control, and behavioral health conditions. 
It requires the Secretary of Defense 
to establish a unified medical com-mand to oversee medical services to the Armed Forces and other DOD health care beneficiaries. 
And it modernizes the current mili-
tary retirement system by blending the current 20-year defined benefit plan with a defined contribution plan allow-ing servicemembers to contribute to a portable account that includes a gov-ernment automatic contribution and matching program. 
It also requires the Secretary of De-
fense and the military service chiefs to strengthen and increase the frequency of financial literacy and preparedness training, establishing a more robust training and education program for servicemembers and their families. 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
D
AVIS and her staff for their contribu-
tions to this process. We were joined by an active, informed, and dedicated group of subcommittee members, and their recommendations and priorities are clearly reflected in the NDAA for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Chairman, I have always said 
that I felt myself lucky to serve on the Armed Services Committee because I thought it was the most bipartisan committee in Congress. We, over at least the past 4 years, have been uni-fied in making sure that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to keep themselves and our Nation safe. 
That is why today I find myself very 
confused and disappointed by the com-ments made on the floor. This is the National Defense Authorization Act, whose sole purpose is to provide for the common defense, not education, not transportation, not any other govern-ment function. 
To vote against this bill is to breach 
the faith that we have with our men and women in uniform and is uncon-scionable. I, therefore, urge my col-leagues to support this bill. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I continue to re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield 2 minutes 
to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ), the distinguished vice chair 
of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to join in 
this chorus of support for the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. I want to sincerely congratu-late Chairman T
HORNBERRY in this, his 
inaugural bill as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, which passed with a small vote of 60–2. 
While this bill sets DOD policy, it 
also reflects the House-passed budget figure for authorized spending at the Department of Defense. It represents the will of Congress that we ought to be spending more on national security, as nearly every corner of the world has 
become less safe under President Obama’s continued foreign policy fail-ures. 
The fiscal year 2016 NDAA makes 
needed reforms to strengthen civilian retiree packages and begins to reform the way that we buy weapons and other systems at the Pentagon, which will save tax dollars for years to come. 
I also want to thank the chairman 
and the committee for including some of my amendments to reestablish the EMP Commission, beginning an initial concept for development of a space- based missile defense system, and guar-anteed assistance to the Kurdistan re-gional government. 
As we know, President Obama has, 
unfortunately, issued a veto threat to-ward this bill. Mr. Chairman, the NDAA has been passed year after year for 53 straight years, under both Demo-crat and Republican administrations. 
Among the provisions the President 
stands ready to reject are a joint for-mulary to ease troop transition from the Department of Defense to the VA; providing aid to Ukraine in the midst of Russian-backed attacks; providing full funding to the Department of De-fense which he, himself, requested; a stronger missile defense and cyber ca-pabilities; a greater accountability for political reconciliation in Iraq; greater protection of our troops from sexual assault; and better pay and benefits to those who serve us so that we may stand here and debate this bill today. These are among the provisions of this bill Mr. Obama opposes. 
I want just to reiterate to my col-
leagues that this bill did pass out of the Armed Services Committee 60–2, and this list of accomplishments is too long. So I will just express congratula-tions again to Mr. T
HORNBERRY for his 
leadership under this massive under-taking. I urge adoption of the bill. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking 
member of the Armed Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I just want to respond brief-ly when basically it is called uncon-scionable to oppose something. Aside from being unbelievably arrogant, it is wrong to say that there is no reason whatsoever to vote against this bill. 
I mentioned earlier that there were— 
I am sorry, if he can call me ‘‘uncon-scionable,’’ I suppose I can call him ‘‘arrogant.’’ I don’t know; it seems fair. 
At any rate, there is another reason 
not to vote for this bill, and that is that it underfunds readiness once again. It says this matches the Presi-dent’s budget, and overall it does, but it has $2.4 billion less in money for readiness. Last year’s bill had $1.5 bil-lion less in readiness. Why? 
Because every effort that the Depart-
ment of Defense makes to cut just about anything—the movements that they wanted to make to start a BRAC, the changes that they wanted to make to the National Guard to save money, 
the plan they had to lay up 11 cruisers, the efforts to get rid of the A–10—ef-forts to move anything around are blocked by this committee, and they take that money out of readiness to fund what really amounts to a personal priority. 
What does it mean to take money out 
of readiness? It means that our troops do not get the training that they need to be prepared to fight. It is just that simple. Readiness money is the money for the ammo. It is the money for the fuel. It is the money for the mechanic to fix equipment. That has been going down and down and down and down as we block every effort to save money anyplace else because just about any-thing the Pentagon is going to do is going to affect somebody’s district. The A–10 is in somebody’s district. Every other project is made in some-body’s district. 
We protected all that at the expense 
of readiness, and I think that is the worst thing that we can do. It has cre-ated a situation where we may well be sending our men and women off to fight unprepared and untrained. And you talk to the people who are serving. They are not able to fly as much as they used to. They are not able to train as much as they used to. They are not able to use their weapons as much as they used to because of those contin-uous cuts to readiness, because we fund other priorities. That is number one. 
Number two. Funding through OCO, 
as the Secretary of Defense has said, is not the same as actually funding the Department of Defense through a reg-ular appropriations process. It is one- time money. What the Secretary of De-fense has said is: 
Giving us this one-time money 
makes it impossible to plan. We don’t know if it is going to be there next year. You can’t have a 5-year plan under OCO money. You are restricted in where you can spend it and how you can spend it. So this is not adequately funding our troops. 
I do take offense at the notion that 
opposition to this bill means that you just don’t support our troops. That is the bumper sticker—sorry, I won’t use that word. It is wrong to say that about anyone who opposes this bill. I oppose this bill because I don’t think it does adequately fund our troops. It doesn’t take care of the budget prob-lems that are in front of us. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. The only 
way to adequately fund our troops is to get rid of the Budget Control Act, so we can actually fund it under regular order with a normal amount of money that allows them to plan for over 5 years. 
Lastly, I am sorry, but the infra-
structure of this country matters. The fact that bridges are falling down mat-ters. The fact that we don’t have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.085 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2946 May 13, 2015 
enough money to do research on crit-
ical disease matters. Yes, it is impor-tant to defend this country. Yes, that is the paramount duty. But if the coun-try itself crumbles while we have a military to defend it, that too is a problem and one I think worth fighting for, worth standing up and saying we are not going to accept a budget that guts all of these other things and uses the overseas contingency operation as a work-around to fund defense. 
It is basically acting like this is free 
money. Well, it is not free money. It costs, and it undermines the entire rest of the budget. Let’s get rid of the Budg-et Control Act. Let’s get rid of the caps. Let’s get rid of sequestration. We don’t do that in this bill, and it is my contention that if we don’t do that, then we are not adequately funding our troops and adequately funding our de-fense. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, I will just make two 
brief points. One is the extra OCO fund-ing that has been so criticized is 100 percent for operations and mainte-nance, for readiness. That is what it all is devoted to in this mark. 
Secondly, if we start holding our 
troops hostage because we want more spending over here or we want some other change in law over there, where does that stop? Where does that stop? What are we not going to hold our troops hostage to because a Senate and a House and a President can’t agree on some other issue? I think it is dan-gerous to start down that road. 
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), the vice chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the chair-
man of the committee for his great work on this bill and for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2016. This is an important bill that provides funding and authority for the men and women in uniform who are willing to go in harm’s way to keep our country safe. This bill takes some of the important steps to reform the De-partment of Defense, both in acquisi-tion and in retirement benefits. It in-cludes a number of provisions that I worked on regarding military space, missile defense, and tunnel detection, to name just a few. 
This is a bipartisan bill. Dozens, if 
not hundreds, of provisions were au-thored by Democrats. It came out of committee by a vote of 60–2. Only one Democrat voted against it in com-mittee. Nothing substantive has changed; only now N
ANCY PELOSI is 
calling the shots, and Democrats have flip-flopped. 
I understand that N
ANCY PELOSI and 
the Democrats want to increase taxes and increase spending on domestic pro-grams, but that debate should not be fought on the backs of our troops. If you vote against this bill, it is a vote 
to cut our defense budget. It is even a vote against President Obama’s re-quested defense budget. 
Today we have troops doing humani-
tarian relief in Nepal, dropping bombs on ISIS, fighting the Taliban, deterring Iran in the Straits of Hormuz, and sup-porting our European allies in the face of Russian aggression. Now is not the time to cut the defense budget. Let’s support our troops, not N
ANCY PELOSI ’s 
partisan agenda. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1735. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, 
could I inquire how much time remains on both sides? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Connecticut has 9
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing, and the gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I continue to re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the 
vice chair of the Subcommittee on Readiness. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, and I would like to first thank and ap-plaud Chairman T
HORNBERRY on his 
leadership and commitment to this thoughtful and comprehensive bill. Ad-ditionally, I am grateful to our sub-committee chairs for their exhaustive efforts. 
While the end results may not be per-
fect, it is a strong, bipartisan piece of legislation that I am proud to support. Our committee spent 19 hours debating this bill, and all members put forward their ideas. We worked together across the aisle, which led to significant strides in maintaining and establishing our Nation’s defense policy. 
In today’s unstable global environ-
ment, we are asking our Armed Forces to do more with less over and over again, and as a representative of Fort Drum, home of the 10th Mountain Divi-sion, such a high operational tempo unit, I too am concerned about long- term impacts due to the budget cap constraints. 
Recently, I had the honor to attend a 
small congressional delegation visit to CENTCOM’s AOR. On this trip, I was able to get a firsthand perspective on the detrimental effects these budget caps have on our Nation’s overseas missions. 
Thankfully, the fiscal year 2016 
NDAA provides our U.S. Armed Forces with the tools and resources to main-tain current efforts, and it passed out of our committee on an overwhelm-ingly bipartisan vote of 60–2. I want to remind my colleagues, 60–2. 
Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for 
putting forth a great bill that I am pleased to support. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, particu-larly those colleagues on the com-mittee who already have. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I continue to re-
serve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ), the vice 
chair of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel. 
b1845 
Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in strong support of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. It is a bipartisan bill that passed the full Armed Services Committee with nearly unanimous support, as we have already heard. 
This bill meets our national security 
needs; it cares for our troops, invests in next-generation weaponry, and brings necessary reforms to the Pentagon. 
No bill is perfect, and I urge my col-
leagues not to allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good. And there is certainly a lot of good in this bill. 
As vice chairman of the Military Per-
sonnel Subcommittee, I am especially proud of our work to care for our troops and their families. This bill acts on 11 of the 15 recommendations of the Commission on Military Pay and Bene-fits, including things like revamping our military retirement system to bring it into the 21st century, pro-viding increased financial literacy for our troops. 
I am especially pleased that the bill 
includes an initiative I proposed to help our retiring military personnel transition to civilian jobs. 
Importantly, this bill precludes an-
other round of base realignment and closure, or BRAC, which threatens to shutter military bases around the country. We have seen that BRAC is simply not cost effective. In my home State of New Jersey, we have seen the devastation it brings to local commu-nities. The last round of BRAC cost $14 billion more than it was supposed to, and the savings were reduced by 73 per-cent. It doesn’t even break even for 13 years. 
I am a businessman, and spending 
more to save less while you ruin local economies and weaken our military just makes no sense. 
Finally, this bill fulfills our constitu-
tional duty to provide for the common defense of our Nation. We face new threats like the Islamic State, a newly resurgent Russia, and our military has to be ready to face them head-on. 
This bill funds the Pentagon at the 
level it needs and avoids the disastrous blind cuts of sequestration that hurt our military’s capability and readiness. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Let me emphasize again that there 
are a lot of good things in this bill. I won’t disagree with anything that was said. The reform agenda that Mr. T
HORNBERRY has, I think, taken a lead-
ership role on is incredibly important, and I think that is a huge positive. 
There are a lot of programs in this 
bill that are absolutely critical to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.086 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2947 May 13, 2015 
national defense, but the most critical 
thing, I think, to our national defense is getting us back to the normal budget process, getting us out from under the Budget Control Act, out from under the budget caps, and having a normal appropriations process. If we vote for this bill, we allow that unnatural proc-ess where the Pentagon does not have long-term funding and long-term pre-dictability to continue. 
The biggest thing that has changed 
since we were in committee is, number one, the President did not issue a veto threat. I actually had a conversation with leadership before we went to com-mittee as to where they were at on that. The fact that the President has now said that he will not support this bill with the additional OCO funding is a major change. It means that what we are working on here is not going to happen. And that is not political; that is substantive. We have to have a bill that the President will sign if we are, in fact, going to fund our troops. 
The second thing that happened was 
the budget resolution, which was being debated back and forth. The House passed one and the Senate passed one, but they came together and it became clear that the budget resolution was the budget resolution, and they were locking in place the budget resolution that I have described that takes advan-tage of the OCO fund to basically cre-ate free money—money that doesn’t count under the Budget Control Act— to plus-up defense and keep everything else where it is at. 
Once that was locked in and the 
President looked at that and said he would not support that appropriations process, we created a situation where what we are doing here is not going to pass. It is not going to be sustainable. We are not going to fund our troops doing it this way. Unless we make those other changes in the budget proc-ess, we are just not going to get there. 
On the gentleman’s comments about 
the BRAC round, the military said they are over capacity in facilities. They are spending money on facilities that they don’t need to spend just be-cause they can’t close those bases. Yes, in the short term it costs more money, but in the long term, the first four rounds of BRAC have saved us hun-dreds of billions of dollars over the long term. 
So not being willing to do BRAC, not 
being willing to make cuts in certain programs, is undermining readiness. 
Yes, it is good that we took the OCO 
money. And because OCO money is so fungible, you can do it this way. You took the rest of the money and you funded all of these programs that the Pentagon was trying to cut, and then you tried to backfill as much as you possibly could with the OCO money and readiness. And that is better than not, but it is still less to $2.4 billion short of what the President’s budget was on readiness. 
And I still contend that we are short-
changing readiness to fund the prior-ities that are more parochial and more 
political, and that is something that I mentioned last year that put me on the edge of whether or not I could support last year’s bill. Because at the end of the day, the one thing I think we owe our troops is that if we send them into battle, they are ready. They are trained and they are ready to fight. If they don’t have the equipment and they don’t have the readiness dollars, then they won’t be. So for those two reasons, I am opposing this bill. 
I am hopeful between now and when 
we come back from conference that we can reconcile this issue and that we can actually adequately fund the mili-tary and work through this, because I totally agree we need to do this. But where we are at right now is a bill that I don’t think does adequately fund our troops in a predictable enough way to give them the training they need and to give the Pentagon leadership the predictability they need in terms of budgeting to have a defense budget. 
So, reluctantly, I will oppose this 
bill. And I hope we continue to work to get to a bill that we can support in the end. I do not view this in any way as the end of the bipartisan tradition of our committee. We worked very closely together on putting together this bill, and we will continue to work closely together to find a bill that did actually pass through the entire process. 
Again, if the President doesn’t sign 
it, then all of our work is for naught, and it is the troops who suffer. So we are going to have to work on finding a way to reach an agreement with all the people who need to approve this bill be-fore it becomes law. I pledge to con-tinue to do that. 
I do want to thank the chairman and 
the Republicans on this issue. I think they have done a fabulous job of work-ing on this bill. I just disagree on that one fundamental point that, frankly, has more to do with the Budget Com-
mittee than it does with our com-mittee, but it does have a profound im-pact on our product. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, let me just take up 
where the gentleman from Washington left off. 
You have heard from a number of 
speakers that the product before us is a bipartisan product, that our committee works in a bipartisan way. Just to put a little bit of quantification on that, over the course of our markup in com-mittee, 96 amendments sponsored by Democratic members of the committee were adopted; and prior to that, at least 110 specific requests by Demo-cratic members of the committee were 
incorporated into the committee and subcommittee marks. So it leaves one wondering: If Democratic Members are forced to oppose the bill because of something the Budget Committee hasn’t done, how can this bipartisan tradition continue? 
That is one of the things that con-
cerns me, because it is something that I think we are all very proud of, that 
we worked together, that we put the national defense interests ahead of these other differences that we have. 
This makes it harder when we don’t 
fix the budget or we don’t fix health care or we don’t fix the environment or we don’t fix taxes. There is no end if that is the way that this is going to go. 
I think it is ironic, Mr. Chairman. I 
believe we need to find a better way to impose fiscal responsibility in our gov-ernment than the Budget Control Act, and I am absolutely anxious to work with any Member who wants to find a better way to go ahead. But we can’t do it on this bill. It is impossible. 
And so what we are doing, for those 
who would oppose this bill, is to hold the pay and benefits of our troops, all of these decisions, we are holding that hostage to something that we can’t re-solve here in this measure. 
As the gentleman from Washington 
said at some point, this is not the end of the process. This is a step in the process. There are a lot of things to go with appropriation bills and conference reports and so forth before the Presi-dent ever has an opportunity to veto a bill. As a matter of fact, Mr. Chairman, this President has threatened to veto, I think, pretty much all the defense au-thorization bills at some point in the process. That is not a reason for us not to take the next step. 
I think we should build upon the bi-
partisan work that came out of com-mittee. I suspect there will be bipar-tisan work with amendments from Re-
publicans and Democrats on the floor and that we should pass this measure, go to conference with the Senate, and keep working towards the end of the process where, hopefully, we can have something better than the Budget Con-trol Act. But to say I am not going to support our troops unless we do that first I don’t think is the proper way to go. 
This is a normal budget process. We 
have a House and Senate budget resolu-tion for the first time in years. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield to the 
gentleman. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. It is not a 
matter of not supporting our troops. To say that the decision to oppose the de-fense bill is because you don’t support the troops I hope the gentleman would agree is not where we are coming from. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Reclaiming my 
time, I do not mean to say that is the intention of the gentleman or those who might oppose this bill. It is the ef-fect, however, because there are 40 es-sential authorities that have to be in a defense authorization bill. One of those authorities is to pay the troops. With-out those authorities, it doesn’t hap-pen. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe this bill 
should be supported, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange 
of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.087 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2948 May 13, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, April 28, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. THORNBERRY : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 1735, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
This legislation contains provisions within 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X ju-risdiction. As a result of your having con-sulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with re-spect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Agriculture has a valid jurisdictional claim to a provi-sion in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to re-quest a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on Agriculture is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  
WORKFORCE , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to con-
firm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to HR. 1735 on those matters within the Committee’s juris-diction. 
In the interest of expediting the House’s 
consideration of H.R. 1735, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. 
I respectfully request your support for the 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-
ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 1735 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNKLINE, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNKLINE, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and the 
Workforce, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Education and the Workforce has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Education and the Workforce is not waiving its juris-diction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to 
confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ While the leg-islation does contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee will not request a sequential referral so that it can proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. 
The Committee takes this action with the 
understanding that its jurisdictional inter-ests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as such legislation moves for-ward. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate conference on such legislation and requests your support when such a request is made. 
Finally, I would appreciate a response to 
this letter confirming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 1735 on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 1 agree that the Committee on Energy and Commerce has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ABIN) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
JOINT REAPPOINTMENT OF INDI-
VIDUALS TO BOARD OF DIREC-TORS OF OFFICE OF COMPLI-ANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives and the ma-jority and minority leaders of the United States Senate, their joint re-appointment, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by Public Law 114–6, of the following indi-viduals on May 13, 2015, each to a 2- year term on the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: 
Ms. Barbara L. Camens, Washington, 
D.C., Chair 
Ms. Roberta L. Holzwarth, Rockford, 
Illinois 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to sections 5580 and 5581 of the revised statutes (20 U.S.C. 42–43), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing Member on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: 
Mr. B
ECERRA , California 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S. TRUMAN SCHOLAR-SHIP FOUNDATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2004(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Tru-man Scholarship Foundation: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.036 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2949 May 13, 2015 
Mr. D EUTCH , Florida 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-bers on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: 
Mr. I
SRAEL , New York 
Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ , California 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
HOUSE COMMISSION ON CON-GRESSIONAL MAILING STAND-ARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 501(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: 
Mrs. D
AVIS, California 
Mr. S HERMAN , California 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Louisiana 
f 
b1900 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMO-RIAL COMMISSION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 8162 of Public Law 106–79, as amended, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission: 
Mr. B
ISHOP , Georgia 
Mr. T HOMPSON , California 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional- Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Mr. W
ALZ, Minnesota 
Ms. K APTUR , Ohio 
Mr. H ONDA , California 
Mr. L IEU, California 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the 
part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: 
Mr. H
ASTINGS , Florida 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , New York 
Mr. C OHEN , Tennessee 
Mr. G RAYSON , Florida 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MAY11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, United States Capitol, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to 2 
U.S.C. 2081, I am pleased to reappoint the Honorable Marcy Kaptur of Ohio to the United States Capitol Preservation Commis-sion. 
Thank you for your consideration of this 
appointment. 
Sincerely, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MAY11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to sec-
tion 4(c) of House Resolution 5, 114th Con-gress, I am pleased to reappoint The Honor-able James P. McGovern of Massachusetts as Co-Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. 
Thank you for your attention to this ap-
pointment. 
Sincerely, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MAY11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER : Pursuant to the 
National Foundation on the Arts and Hu-manities Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 955(b) note), I am pleased to reappoint The Honorable Betty McCollum of Minnesota to the Na-tional Council on the Arts. 
Thank you for your attention to this ap-
pointment. 
Sincerely, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. 
f 
PASSAGE OF THE PAIN-CAPABLE 
UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. F
RANKS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-
ity leader. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, it has been an amazing day. We passed a major bill today, Mr. Speaker, that I think is going to have some sig-nificant reverberations in this country for a long time. 
I know that whenever the subject has 
been abortion that, somehow, the rules always change. Somehow, we don’t see it the same way that we do other issues. We don’t apply the same prin-ciples of logic and reason and even compassion. It seems like that gets lost in it all. It seems like we sort of overlook the reality of it all. 
The real question with abortion, Mr. 
Speaker, really is: Does abortion really kill a baby? 
If it doesn’t, then people like me 
would be completely satisfied to never bring up the subject again; but, if it really does take the life of a child, then those of us living here in the seat of freedom, in the freest country in the world, are living in the midst of a great human genocide, and it is something that we cannot and must not turn our backs upon. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that it has been 
a long time that we have debated in this country. I remember in 1965 the Governor of Colorado signed a bill that would allow abortion in rare cir-cumstances, and it created a great out-cry because people knew that that might lead to more widespread abor-tion on demand. 
At the time, those who were con-
cerned about that were ridiculed and ignored many times; yet that is, in fact, what the Supreme Court did in 1973, when seven Justices decided, for all Americans, that there was a con-stitutional right to hire someone to take the life of a child. 
Mr. Speaker, I sometimes wonder 
how we miss the reality of it all. I know that there are sincere people on both sides of the issue, but it just seems like that, ultimately, we keep coming back to that central question: Is there another life here? 
Because if there is, in order for 
America to be true to her greatest ideals, then the American people are going to have to precipitate a change, either in their leadership or to con-vince their leadership to precipitate a change in their own hearts—after all, I believe there are only two ways that we can change public policy in this country, and that is that the people ei-ther have to elect the right leaders, or somehow, they have to beg the wrongs ones to do the right thing. 
For a long time, our people have 
tried desperately to get their leaders to do the right thing on this issue, but we have been hamstrung by a Supreme Court decision. Once again, the Su-preme Court was never meant to make law for the country. They were meant to decide cases, not issues. 
Even though we have put the Su-
preme Court in the position of deciding those cases and giving us opinions on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.089 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2950 May 13, 2015 
constitutional analysis, when each of 
us as Members of Congress swore to de-fend and uphold the Constitution of the United States, we put our hand, as we swore to do that, to support and defend the Constitution. 
We didn’t say that we will support 
and defend the Constitution if the Su-preme Court says it is all right. We said we would do that. The Founding Fathers knew that there had to be this tension between the three branches of government and that each one of those branches had a responsibility and a sworn oath to defend the Constitution the best they knew how on their own. 
Certainly, we give deference to opin-
ions of the Court on cases, but if this body says that the Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter of the Constitu-tion, then we have to quit taking that oath. 
If this body says that the Supreme 
Court is the ultimate arbiter because of their ability and the power that we would ostensibly give them to answer all constitutional questions, if we say that, then, Mr. Speaker, we can go out-side here and board these windows shut, and the Congress can go home, and we can finally quit pretending to be that great Republic that the Found-ing Fathers dreamed of because we will have become, at that time, a judicial oligarchy, where unelected judges have arrogated unto themselves the power to answer really all legal questions, and then this magnificent dream that the Founding Fathers had would be vi-tiated completely. 
I just, somehow, hope that we under-
stand that the Supreme Court of the United States is a critically important part of our Republic, but it is not the sole arbiter of the Constitution. Again, if it is, the Republic is dead. 
Mr. Speaker, today, we debated the 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and it kind of occurs to me that we have had to parse this out in ways that the opposition could finally under-stand. 
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-
tection Act doesn’t protect any chil-dren in the first 5 months, even though I think they should be protected; and, if we don’t protect them, then what will we find, in terms of political cour-age, to protect any kind of liberty for anyone? 
This act today only protected chil-
dren beginning at the sixth month until birth. Now, that shouldn’t be a hard question. That it got any dis-senting votes is a disgrace that beggars my ability to express. 
I truly believe that those who voted 
against a bill that would simply have protected children in the sixth month, beginning at the sixth month and be-yond, that when they lay their head down on that pillow in the nursing home, if there is any conscience re-maining, that there will be great regret for such a vote because, in coming years, I believe that we will understand more and more how real and how human these little babies really are. We will begin to understand, as a 
people and as a country, that we over-look them, that somehow these little forgotten children of God just escaped our notice. 
With all of the new technologies and 
all the new ways that we do things, Mr. Speaker, I foresee a day when we will be able to have such a clear look into the lives of these little children, and we will see this as we have so many times before in past days, where there was a victim and no one was really paying much attention to them. 
I hope that, somehow, we can con-
sider our own history and back up a lit-tle bit and say, You know, we don’t have to continue to let ourselves be blind. 
Mr. Speaker, for too long, a great 
shadow has loomed over America. More than 42 years ago, the tragedy called Roe v. Wade was first handed down. Since then, because of that decision, the very foundation of this Nation has been stained by the blood of more than 55 million of its own little children. 
Exactly 2 years ago today, one 
Kermit Gosnell was convicted of kill-ing a mother and murdering innocent, late-term, pain-capable babies in this grisly torture chamber they called an abortion clinic. 
Now, when authorities entered the 
clinic of Dr. Gosnell, they found a tor-ture chamber for little babies that de-fies description within the constraints of the English language. 
According to the grand jury report— 
now, this is a quote from the grand jury report, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a simple solution for un-wanted babies. He killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘ensur-ing fetal demise.’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it ‘snipping.’ Over the years, there were hundreds of ’snippings.’’’ 
Ashley Baldwin, one of Dr. Gosnell’s 
employees, said she saw babies breath-ing, and she described one as 2 feet long that no longer had eyes or a mouth but, in her words, was making like this ‘‘screeching’’ noise, and it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ 
For God’s sake, Mr. Speaker, is this 
who we truly are? 
Kermit Gosnell now rightfully sits in 
prison for killing a mother and mur-dering innocent children, just like the one I described; yet there was and is no Federal protection for any of them. 
If Dr. Gosnell had killed these little 
pain-capable babies only 5 minutes ear-lier and before they had passed through the birth canal, it would have all been perfectly legal in many of the United States of America. 
b1915 
Mr. Speaker, we may have sanitized 
Gosnell’s clinic, but we can never sani-tize the horror and inhumanity forced upon the tiny little victims. And if there is one thing that we must not miss about this unspeakable episode, it is that Kermit Gosnell is not an anom-
aly; he is just the face of this lucrative enterprise of murdering pain-capable unborn children in America. 
More than 18,000 very late-term abor-
tions are occurring in America every year. It places the mothers at exponen-tially greater risk, and it subjects their pain-capable babies to torture and death without anesthesia. This, in the land of the free and the home of the brave. 
According to the Bartlett study, a 
woman seeking an abortion at 20 weeks is 35 times more likely to die from an abortion than she was in the first tri-mester; at 21 weeks or more, she is 91 times more likely to die than she was in the first trimester. 
Regardless of how supporters of abor-
tion on demand might try to suppress it, it is undisputed and universally ac-cepted by every credible expert that the risk to a mother’s health from abortion increases as gestation in-creases. There is no valid debate on that incontrovertible reality. 
Supporters of abortion on demand 
have also tried for decades to deny that unborn children ever feel pain, even those, they say, at the beginning of the sixth month of pregnancy, as if some-how the ability to feel pain magically develops the very second the child is born. 
Mr. Speaker, almost every major civ-
ilized nation on this Earth protects pain-capable babies at this age, and every credible poll of the American people shows that they are overwhelm-ingly in support of protecting these children. Yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from un-necessary pain and cruelty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Humane Slaughter Act. It is a tragedy that beggars ex-pression. 
But today, Mr. Speaker, I am filled 
with hope. The winds of change are be-ginning to blow, and the tide of blind-ness and blood is finally beginning to turn in America. Because today, Mr. Speaker, we voted to pass the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act in this Chamber. 
And no matter how it is shouted 
down or what distortions or deceptive what-ifs or distractions or diversions or gotchas, twisting of words, changing the subject, or blatant falsehoods the abortion industry hurls at this bill and its supporters, this bill and its passage today are a deeply sincere effort—be-ginning at the sixth month of preg-nancy—to protect both mothers and their pain-capable unborn babies from the atrocity of late-term abortion on demand; and ultimately, it is a bill that all humane Americans will sup-port when they truly understand it for themselves. 
The voices who have hailed the mer-
ciless killing of these little ones as freedom of choice will now only grow louder, especially the ones who profit from it most. When we hear those voices, we should all remember the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.093 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2951 May 13, 2015 
quote of President Abraham Lincoln, 
when he said: ‘‘Those who deny free-dom to others, deserve it not for them-selves; and, under a just God, can not long retain it.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of all of 
those who founded and built this Na-tion and dreamed of what America could someday be, and for the sake of all of those since then who have died in darkness so Americans could walk in the light of freedom, it is so very im-portant that those of us who are privi-leged to be Members of the United States Congress pause from time to time and remind ourselves of why we are really all here. Do we still hold these truths to be self-evident? 
You know, Mr. Speaker, I think 
sometimes we forget the majestic words of the Declaration of Independ-ence: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self- evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—that to secure these rights, governments are insti-tuted among men.’’ 
Oh, I wish so desperately that every 
Member of Congress could truly absorb those words in their hearts because it is very clear that it is almost a theo-logical statement because it recognizes all of us to be created in the image of God, that we are created. And that makes all the difference, Mr. Speaker, because if we are created, if we have a purpose, if there is something miracu-lous about this magnificent gift of life, then we all should pay very close at-tention to what that purpose is. And if our rights don’t come from govern-ment, if they don’t come from the hand of men, if they, indeed, come from the hand of God, then we have a great re-sponsibility to try to protect them from one another and for one another. 
Mr. Speaker, the Declaration goes on 
to say: ‘‘That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men.’’ That is why we are here. 
Mr. Lincoln called upon all of us, Mr. 
Speaker, to remember that magnifi-cent Declaration of America’s Found-ing Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened be-lief that nothing stamped with the di-vine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on or degraded and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called pos-
terity that when in the distant future some man, some faction, some interest, should set up the doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that ‘‘their posterity’’—that is us, Mr. Speaker— ‘‘their posterity might look up again to the Declaration of Independence and take courage to renew the battle which their Fathers began.’’ 
Wow. Thomas Jefferson, whose words 
marked the beginning of this Nation, said, ‘‘The care of human life and its happiness, and not its destruction, is the chief and only object of good gov-ernment.’’ The phrase in the Fifth Amendment 
capsulizes our entire Constitution. It says, no person shall ‘‘be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.’’ 
And the 14th amendment says no 
State ‘‘deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, protecting the lives of 
all Americans and their constitutional rights, especially those who cannot protect themselves, is why we are all here. It is why we came to Congress. 
You know, not long ago, I heard 
Barack Obama speak very noble and poignant words that, whether he real-izes it or not, so profoundly apply to this subject. Let me quote excerpted portions of his comments. 
He said: ‘‘This is our first task, car-
ing for our children. It’s our first job. If we don’t get that right, we don’t get anything right. That’s how, as a soci-ety, we will be judged.’’ 
President Obama asked: ‘‘Are we 
really prepared to say that we’re pow-erless in the face of such carnage, that the politics are too hard? Are we pre-pared to say that such violence visited on our children year after year after year is somehow the price of our free-dom?’’ 
The President also said: ‘‘Our jour-
ney is not complete until all our chil-dren . . . are cared for and cherished and always safe from harm.’’ 
‘‘That is our generation’s task,’’ he 
said, ‘‘to make these words, these rights, these values of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness real for every American.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, never have I so deeply 
agreed with any words ever spoken by President Barack Obama as those I have just quoted. And how I wish—how I wish with all of my heart—that Mr. Obama and all of us could somehow open our hearts and our ears to this in-controvertible statement and ask our-selves in the core of our souls why his 
words that should apply to all children cannot include the most helpless and vulnerable of all children. Are there any children more vulnerable than these little pain-capable unborn babies we are discussing today? 
You know, Mr. Speaker, it seems like 
we are never quite so eloquent as when we decry the crimes of a past genera-tion. But, oh, how we often become so staggeringly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst of atroc-ities in our own time. 
What we are doing to these little ba-
bies is real, and the President and all of us here know that in our hearts. Medical science regarding the develop-ment of unborn babies beginning at the sixth month of pregnancy now dem-onstrates irrefutably that they do, in fact, experience pain. Many of them cry and scream as they are killed, but because it’s amniotic fluid going over the vocal cords instead of air, we don’t hear them. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is the greatest 
human rights atrocity in the United States of America today. So, Mr. Speaker, let me close with a 
final contribution and wise counsel from Abraham Lincoln that I believe so desperately applies to all of this in this moment. He said: ‘‘Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history. We of this Con-gress and this administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance or insignificance can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to the latest generation.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the passage of H.R. 36 
will be remembered. It will be consid-ered in the annals of history and, I be-lieve, in the counsels of eternity. 
Protecting little pain-capable unborn 
children and their mothers is not a Re-publican issue. It is not a Democrat issue. It is a basic test of our humanity and who we are as a human family. 
Today we began to open our eyes and 
allow our consciences to catch up with our technology. Today Members of the United States Congress began to open their hearts and their souls to remind themselves that protecting those who cannot protect themselves is why we are really all here. 
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that it sparks a 
little thought in the minds of all Amer-icans so that we might all open our eyes and our hearts to the humanity of these little unborn children of God and the inhumanity of what is being done to them. 
I don’t know if that will happen or 
not. But, Mr. Speaker, as of today, when we passed the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act, we have come a step closer, and for that, I am grateful. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FUTURE FORUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, tonight we are back with the Future Forum, a group of young Mem-bers of Congress here to discuss an issue that is near and dear to our hearts and one that is on the minds of each of us on a daily basis, and that is the issue of our veterans. 
We are joined tonight by some Fu-
ture Forum members. And we are going to start by asking everyone who is watching across the country to tweet at us or find us on Instagram or Facebook under #futureforum to give us your suggestions and your ideas about challenges facing veterans and what we can do here to address it— #futureforum. 
The first person we are going to hear 
from tonight is a veteran himself from the Boston area. He is a first-term Member of Congress who served four tours of duty in Iraq, is a Marine infan-tryman. So I am going to have S
ETH 
MOULTON of the Boston area talk about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.094 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2952 May 13, 2015 
his experience as a 9/11 veteran and 
what he is hearing in the Boston area and what we can do here in Congress. 
I yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). 
Mr. MOULTON. Thank you, Con-
gressman S WALWELL . 
Mr. Speaker, the veterans are coming 
home from our wars, and they want to serve again. And that is one of the most amazing things about today’s vet-erans and about millennials in general is that there is a supreme desire to serve, to serve their country. 
You know, one of the toughest jobs 
to get out of college now is not a job in investment banking on Wall Street; it is a job serving in Teach For America. 
One of the amazing things that I 
have found about those who have served, both in civilian service and vet-erans from our military services, is that we get out and we actually want to serve again. 
Frankly, when I went into the mili-
tary, I thought I would do my 4 years and kind of check that box and no one would ever question for the rest of my life whether I wanted to serve the country again. Yet then I got out and found I really missed it. I missed that sense of public service, that sense of duty, that sense that every single day my work impacted the lives of other people. 
So veterans come home, and they 
don’t just want a paycheck. They don’t just want a retirement. They don’t just want health care. They want to actu-ally contribute to the country back here at home. But in order to do that, they have got to be able to transition into life back here as a civilian. 
b1930 
That is tough. That is tough today 
because many of the basic health care needs of veterans are not being taken care of. They are not given the oppor-tunities to pursue jobs in the private sector. So that great opportunity for our Nation’s veterans to serve again is squandered because we are not taking care of them when they get home. 
There are some fascinating statistics 
about how successful veterans are in the civilian workforce. Fortune 500 CEOs are disproportionately veterans. And yet veterans are also dispropor-tionately homeless. So how does that happen? 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
M
OULTON , we asked some of our fol-
lowers of Future Forum on Twitter to chime in with their own thoughts. Shawn Van Diver of the San Diego area, a veteran himself @ShawnJVanDiver, said, ‘‘Let’s lever-age veterans toward rebuilding our in-frastructure.’’ Do you see a role for veterans as we try and repair and re-build America’s infrastructure? 
Mr. MOULTON. Absolutely. There is 
so much that veterans can do back here at home. The point with my story about how veterans are disproportion-ately successful and yet also dispropor-tionately homeless, I think it all comes back to that transition. Because if you 
are a veteran who can come home and navigate the transition to work in the civilian sector successfully, because you get the health care that you need, if you have post-traumatic stress— which is an entirely treatable condi-tion—you get it taken care of. Then you can use all those skills and experi-ences that you had in the military, that leadership training, that experi-ence performing under the toughest circumstances on Earth, you will use that for success in the business world and back here at home in whatever you do. 
But if you don’t make that transition 
successfully, if you don’t get the health care that you need to take care of whatever conditions you have from your service, then you can literally be-come homeless. And that is why this transition is so important. 
The point is that veterans have a lot 
to give back to our country. So I think most Americans understand that we have a moral obligation to take care of our veterans, that for all they have done for us overseas risking their lives, we ought to take care of them when they get back. And most Americans get that. But it is also just a smart invest-ment. It is a smart investment in our economy, and it is a smart investment in America’s future to take care of our veterans. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. You 
talked a little bit about the leadership training that you get when you are serving your country in the military. In this job, I had the pleasure of going to Afghanistan. I went with Mr. K
IL-
MER back in August of 2013, and just a 
couple of weeks ago, I was in Baghdad. I observed our troops in theater. What I observed was, of course, the military training and the leadership training that they are getting, but they are also using everyday software applications to carry out their duties. 
How do you see their knowledge and 
experience with the various tech-nologies they are using in the field, how can that translate at home when they try to go into the workforce? 
Mr. MOULTON. We live in an infor-
mation economy. You are from Silicon Valley, you represent Silicon Valley. There is so much need for tech savvy, technically trained employees in our workforce. You get extraordinary training in the military, whether you are in the infantry, you are on the ground in one of those toughest jobs where your ability to lead in the most difficult circumstances imaginable is critical, or even if you are sitting con-trolling a drone back in Arizona and just understanding how our most ad-vanced technology works, if you are able to manage that, then you are going to be incredibly valuable back home. 
We have got to take care of our vet-
erans to get there. A lot of veterans have post-traumatic stress, and it has kind of created this stigma that if you hire a veteran, you might get someone who has some mental issues. But the 
reality is that post-traumatic stress, first of all, is a pretty normal thing to expect after what many veterans have gone through overseas, but it is en-tirely treatable. It shouldn’t be un-usual to think that someone who went through the rigors of combat, the trag-edy of war, would be affected by that. But we know that we can take care of that condition and treat it appro-
priately, and then veterans can serve again when they get back home. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
got a question just a moment ago from Lee Hawn, @LeeAhawn, and he said, ‘‘How are the new VA Director’s changes coming along?’’ I would ask more broadly, what would you like to see in treating post-traumatic stress to make sure that it is not a stigma in the workforce, and that our veterans are able to seamlessly go from theater or their service to coming home and having a job? 
Right now we look at the veteran un-
employment rate for those who have served since September 11 and the Iraq war, and it is today 6.7 percent. Just last year it was as high as 7.2 percent. It has been as high as 9.9 percent in the last 2 years, always above what the na-tional unemployment rate is. 
So what can we do with the VA as we 
fund and authorize programs there to treat PTSD and make sure veterans aren’t losing jobs or losing opportuni-ties in the workforce? 
Mr. MOULTON. First of all, we need 
a lot of reform at the VA, and this has been much publicized across the coun-try. Of course, there are some VA’s that are doing all right, doing fairly well. There are others that are com-pletely failing our veterans. It shouldn’t matter where you are from or where you live. You should be able to go to a VA facility and get the care that you need, the care that you have earned, and the care that you deserve. A lot of veterans just aren’t seeing that. 
Some people ask me how often do I 
hear from fellow veterans who are struggling to get the care that they need at the VA. I can tell you I have heard from two marines in my second platoon just in the past week. They have asked for my help as a new Con-gressman just getting the access to care that they need. You shouldn’t have to go to your Congressman to be able to get the care that you need at the VA. 
Some interesting statistics about the 
VA: the peak of claims from World War I, the year when the most World War I veterans sought care at the VA, was not 1920 or 1925. It was 1969–1969. So that tells us two things. First, it says that the VA as we know it today was really built to deal with a different generation of veterans, not Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, not even Viet-nam veterans. The second thing it tells us is that if the VA can’t take care of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans today, we haven’t even begun to see the begin-ning of the problem. A lot of Vietnam 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.095 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2953 May 13, 2015 
veterans are just now coming to the 
VA because they realize that their can-cer or Parkinson’s has to do with the Agent Orange exposure they received some 40 years ago. 
So we have a lot of changes to make 
at the VA, and I think that the new Secretary, to the question, is doing a good job, and he is certainly moving in the right direction. But we need radical change, and it remains to be seen just how effective his work will be. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Mr. M
OULTON . 
I am hearing right now from Duncan 
Neasham @DuncanN, and he said, 
#millennial vets stood up when the country needed them. We need those problem-solvers to run for office and change our cynical politics. 
I think he is right, and I am grateful 
that you are a colleague of ours, Mr. M
OULTON . Also in the Future Forum we 
have some other post-September 11 vet-erans in Congresswoman T
ULSI 
GABBARD of Hawaii, Representative 
RUBEN GALLEGO of Arizona, and also 
yourself. So thank you for partici-pating this evening. 
Mr. MOULTON. I love the question 
because we have never had fewer vet-erans in our Congress in our Nation’s history than we do today. I don’t think it should be a litmus test you have to be a veteran to run for Congress, not at all. But at a time when we face unprec-edented challenges across the globe, when we are involved in so many chal-lenges overseas, that perspective of veterans is critically important. We can’t just have the perspective of older veterans. We need younger veterans too, veterans of the wars in the Middle East, veterans who have had to fight counterinsurgencies, veterans who faced terrorists across the globe. Those are the challenges that we are figuring out how to meet in Congress. I think it is important that we have the perspec-tive of veterans. 
So I will tell you, if there are vet-
erans out there who are listening to this right now, I hope you will consider running. We need you. We need new leaders. We need your perspective, and we would love to see you serve the country again. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
couldn’t agree with you more. I know it is an issue that you are very pas-sionate about, and I think this is a richer body because we have veterans 
like you serving it. 
Mr. MOULTON. I am honored to 
serve with you. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
K
ILMER , you and I went to Afghanistan 
back in August of 2013. I know you have a number of servicemembers in your district and people who were serv-icemembers. I am just wondering, you look at this number, 6.7 percent higher than what the average unemployment rate is, and what are you hearing out there in the Tacoma area in Wash-ington, and what can we do in Con-gress? 
Mr. KILMER. Sure. Well, one, I 
thank you, Mr. S
WALWELL , for your leadership in the Future Forum and 
your focus on these veterans issues. I actually represent more veterans than any Democrat in the United States Congress. Actually, I think my region is a whole lot stronger as a result of that because we have men and women who have served our country who choose to make the Olympic Peninsula or the Tacoma area their home. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Ap-
proximately how many veterans do you represent? 
Mr. KILMER. I don’t know the exact 
number, but we have got a slew of them. Between Naval Base Kitsap and our joint base, people serve in our area, and it is a glorious place to live. So after their service, they choose to make it their home. 
Frankly, my background was work-
ing in economic development. When you talk to employers in our region, by and large they get it that the veterans bring a lot to the table, that they bring a skill set, a unique skill set from their prior experience, they bring a work ethic, they bring a sense of patriotism, and so our workforce is a stronger workforce because of the service of those men and women who want to at-tach into the civilian workforce. 
Certainly, there are some challenges 
in that regard. That means we ought to be focused on that. For example, em-bracing programs like Helmets to Hardhats, which you heard the ref-erence earlier to trying to deploy our veterans to build up America’s infra-structure. 
It means ensuring that our veterans 
don’t face discrimination when they pursue employment. In fact, in my State we added military and veteran status to our State’s nondiscrimina-tion statute to ensure that when some-one was seeking employment that their military status wasn’t used against them either for the reasons that Mr. M
OULTON suggested around concerns 
about PTSD or something like that, but also our Guard members and Re-servists who, when we had hearings on that legislation at the State level, we were told, Well, I am concerned about hiring you because what happens if you get called up again? 
That is not right. People who choose 
to serve our country, people who fight for our country overseas shouldn’t have to fight for a job when they come home. I think that should be a focus of this Congress as well. 
It also means applauding those firms 
large and small who make it a priority to hire our veterans. We have plenty in my neck of the woods that have really made a strong effort to hire veterans. 
Legislatively there are also things 
that we could and should do to make sure that those who have served over-seas and who have served in the mili-tary, period, are able to translate the experiences and the skills they have learned into a civilian job. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. On 
that one I want to ask you if you could expand because I have heard, and Mr. M
OULTON and I were talking about this 
earlier, medics, people who serve in the military and they have medical train-ing to help others who are wounded or get sick, they are having a hard time— and I am hearing this in the Bay Area—when they come home and they want to work naturally as an EMT or a paramedic, and they are finding by and large their training is not being accept-ed by the local schools or the State re-quirements. 
Are you hearing about that? Mr. KILMER. Absolutely. A few 
years back when I served in the State legislature, I visited Clover Park Tech-nical College, which is in the 10th Dis-trict of Washington, D
ENNY HECK’s dis-
trict. When I was in the legislature, I visited that college, and I was meeting with a group of students. One said, ‘‘I was a battlefield medic, and I wanted to enter the nursing program. My prior experience didn’t count towards the pursuit of that college credential.’’ So we actually changed our State law re-quiring our State colleges and univer-sities to acknowledge that prior mili-tary experience, whether that be in the medical profession or you talk to folks who drove a truck as part of the logis-tics efforts through the battlefields of Afghanistan and want to get a com-mercial driver’s license. We also passed a law that directs our State Depart-ment of Licensing to acknowledge that prior military experience and have it count towards some of their require-ments for pursuing either a college de-gree or a professional license or certifi-cation. 
That is something that I think we 
really have to rededicate ourselves to, to ensure, again, that that transition is a smooth one. 
I did want to share with you that 
some veterans in our area are doing some pretty cool stuff. I was at the University of Washington-Tacoma. They stood up a veterans incubator for veterans who are looking to start a business. One of the businesses that was started was from a young veteran, a guy named Steve Buchanan from my district. And I actually invited him to the State of the Union because Steve had a cool idea for a company, and he made it happen. He worked with his CFO, who is also a veteran, Chris Shep-herd. They hit upon a simple way to connect veterans with flexible jobs. 
Their idea was to create an online 
marketplace for veterans who had skills on one side of the equation to people who had something that needed to get done, sort of an online market-place for anything from remodeling their landscaping to IT work. Anyone can visit their Web site, and you can plug in your task of what you are look-ing to get done, and you can find a vet-eran with those skills and a desire to work. It is a great way to give veterans a chance to get some flexible work di-rectly from folks who need their help, and it is a great platform from the community to show their support for our Nation’s heroes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.096 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2954 May 13, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. You 
are hitting on Stephen Brown @StevBrown __. He asked, ‘‘Can our 
government offer incentives to vet-erans who want to start small busi-nesses?’’ He just asked that on Twitter. What do you think about that? Can we do more? 
Mr. KILMER. Sure. I think it is al-
ways good to look at that, whether that be through our SBA programs and the availability of access to capital. 
b1945 
One of the things that we are looking 
at doing is focused on businesses who hire our veterans; already through things like our procurement process, there are some advantages for veteran- owned businesses, but one of the things we are looking at is could you create 
an incentive for those who hire a whole lot of veterans so that they have some incentive to do that hiring as well. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Mr. K
ILMER . I appreciate your 
continued participation in Future Forum. I know the veterans in your area are very grateful to have you standing up on the House floor tonight to champion their issues and getting them into the workforce. 
Mr. KILMER. We are lucky to have 
them. Thanks so much. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
are now joined by J
ARED POLIS of Colo-
rado. My question for J ARED comes 
from Ruchit @ruchithmajmudar, and he says: ‘‘Veterans took care of us. We need to take care of them.’’ 
What do you think about that? Mr. POLIS. I think that is what 
brings us here tonight. It is what brings champions of veterans issues like D
EREK KILMER and yourself and 
SETHMOULTON here. This is an oppor-
tunity for us to talk about what we as Democrats want to do to make sure that we honor and support those who served our country. 
I had a wilderness roundtable last 
week. We had R
AU´LGRIJALVA in town. 
He is the ranking member of the Nat-ural Resources Committee. We are working on designating some of our beautiful public lands in Summit and Eagle Counties as wilderness. We were having a meeting in Vail. Come visit Vail. I want everybody to know that Vail is a wonderful place to visit. We had a roundtable. 
We had one of the people at it—in ad-
dition to hikers, bikers, a lot of local merchants that sell equipment, we had a veteran who served in the Middle East. 
He got up, and he said that, when he 
was serving overseas in Afghanistan and he went to a visual display and they had the national anthem and what they showed—the images on the screen were not our tall buildings, were not our politicians or our actors; it was our beautiful public lands. 
It was the Grand Canyon; it was the 
mountains of Colorado; it was the great coasts of California, and that was what he and his fellow servicemembers drew their pride from. He further expressed such an excite-
ment about the wilderness bill we were working on. He said the public lands were a place of healing for veterans. He said: If we don’t protect these beautiful lands, what the hell did I fight for? 
It really moved everybody at the en-
tire table just to say, do you know what, that is that part of that Amer-ican spirit that we derive from the spirit of conservation. 
It was really one of those moments 
where it made me and those of us working on some of those public land issues glad to know that we were help-ing to heal some of the veterans that had served us under difficult cir-cumstances overseas. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. This 
week, we are considering the National Defense Authorization Act. We have done VA funding in the past couple weeks. 
What are you hearing specifically in 
your congressional district about whether we are taking care of our vet-erans? Especially tonight, we are talk-ing specifically about post-9/11 genera-tion veterans who have just, by and large, been underemployed at a much higher rate than the rest of the coun-try. 
What are you hearing at home, any 
stories that you can share? 
Mr. POLIS. Well, we really need to do 
a lot more. That is one of the reasons that I recently introduced a post-9/11 conservation corps bill, which would actually help employ some of our post- 9/11 veterans to protect our public lands and water, so it can be part of their healing and part of making sure that our public lands are well main-tained. 
It would help veterans restore and 
protect our national, State, and tribal forest parks; coastal areas; wildlife ref-uges; and cemeteries—allowing us to attack the jobless rate among our re-turning veterans and help address the enormous maintenance backlog at our national parks. 
That is the kind of idea which I think 
a lot of veterans get excited about. They want to see something that shows that we deeply respect the work they did defending our country, that their work is valued here at home. 
It is the absolute wrong message to 
send when we are slashing veterans benefits; when we are not funding, for instance, our new VA hospital that needs to be built in Aurora, Colorado; when we are slashing the benefits that people get beyond the impact of those financial dues that they receive. 
It is the message they are getting 
that somehow, do you know what, in-stead of returning to a civilian service corps, towards helping job placement, towards the counseling and health sup-port services we need, we are returning to a thankless America. 
I think that we Democrats want to 
do something about that. That is why we have a great package of bills to show that we do honor and respect, and we want to show that in word and deed to those who served us in post-9/11 
wars. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
talked to a number of my veteran groups in Alameda and Contra Costa Counties at home, and not until I took this job had I heard the phrase of a ‘‘ghost veteran.’’ 
It was explained to me it is the serv-
icemember who has come back from Iraq or Afghanistan and has completely fallen off the radar. They are not asso-ciated at all with the VA. They are not signed up for any of the benefits that they are eligible for. They are not par-ticipating in the American Legion or the VFW. 
The theory is that, because we have 
done such a poor job of fully funding the VA and giving benefits and time to people who deserve it, having issues with the hospitals and the back claims, as well as the GI benefits not fully tak-ing care of people—do you think that makes people pessimistic when you get out of your service and you return to your community? Is that going to make you more or less willing to par-ticipate in some of these programs that we have put out there? 
Mr. POLIS. I have not heard that 
term before, ‘‘ghost veteran,’’ but I have met so many veterans that meet that exact definition. 
I think it is a combination of things. 
I think you are right. It is part of the fact that they don’t think they are going to get anything anyway because it has all been cut. It is also part of the need that we have and the VA has to adapt our veteran-serving institutions to meet the real-life needs of a new generation of veterans. 
The truth is the returning 9/11 vet-
erans are not interested in piles of pa-perwork and filling it out. That is un-derstandable. They are not interested in beating their head against the wall to try to get some benefit that they may or may not get. They have served our country. They have a lot of great capacity in them to do great work again. 
They want our help in enabling them 
to be able to live great lives, whether it 
is going back to school under GI Bill— and, of course, we passed the post-9/11 GI Bill—whether it is working on something like the veterans conserva-tion corps that, if my bill passes, it would set up, whether it is making sure they have support to start their own small business as entrepreneurs. 
What they don’t want is to wait in 
line down at some facility to fill out more forms that may or may not result in them getting something, someday. 
That is really what I hear in so many of the returning post-9/11 veterans that in my district really meet the defini-tion of what you are talking about, ghost veterans. 
Once they got out, they just didn’t 
want to deal with what they see as a bureaucratic, out-of-touch apparatus that doesn’t give them the support they need. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. In the 
GI Bill, it works when we fund it and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.097 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2955 May 13, 2015 
we give opportunity to veterans. It pro-
vides eligible veterans up to 36 months of education benefits. Frankly, I think you and I probably would like to see that greatly expanded to include a full education; 1700 colleges and univer-sities are supplemented by post-GI Bill benefits. 
Fifty-one percent of student veterans 
earn their degree from an institution of higher education. From 2009–2012, there has been an increase of veterans using their benefits by 67 percent. When we are faced with the question when it comes to veterans funding or NDAA considerations that we make, should we be expanding the educational oppor-tunities for our veterans, or should we be reducing it? 
Mr. POLIS. I am just so excited and 
honored to represent a district that has two of our State flagship universities: Colorado State University in Fort Col-lins—go Rams—and University of Colo-rado Boulder—go Bucks. 
We have had interns in our office 
that were only able to attend those in-stitutions because of the GI Bill, re-turning post-9/11 veterans who were able to fulfill their dream of getting a higher education at a time where you and I know it is increasingly costly to get that education. 
My goodness, you Californians pay 
$35,000 a year to come to CU; but even our instate folks are paying $9,000 a year just to go to college. Not a lot of families can afford that in discre-tionary income when you add in food and lodging and everything else. 
Those who have served our country 
are able to avail themselves of this tre-mendous opportunity, the GI Bill. We need to renew our commitment to those folks. We need to make sure that it is there to fund their education, in an increasingly costly educational en-vironment, that they can have the skills they need. 
I would like to see more ways where 
they can get credit for some of the skills they learned in the military. Some of those convey over and appro-priately should be granted credit at in-stitutions of higher education, so there is a lot more we can do. 
So many veterans that I have 
interacted with on both campuses are just so grateful. I want to make sure that we defend and I know Democrats here are standing in the line of defense of the post-9/11 GI Bill. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Oth-
ers that were in the last Congress—and I was a big supporter of the Veteran Employment Transition Act that made permanent the work opportunity tax 
credit for qualified veterans and also the Troop Talent Act by our colleague, a veteran herself, T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , 
which would direct the Department of Defense to make information on civil-ian credentialing opportunities avail-able to members of the Armed Forces at every stage of their training for oc-cupational specialties. 
The Future Forum we just launched 
last month, we went to New York and Boston and San Francisco. Mr. POLIS. We are coming to Denver 
soon, right? 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
are coming to Denver soon, yes. 
Mr. POLIS. I am looking forward to 
it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. You 
are going to host us out there in Den-ver. We are going to make a mile-high difference there for young people, and I very much look forward to that. 
At these conversations that we have 
had under the #futureforum, whether they are in the audience or they are tweeting at us, what we have learned is that young people today—veterans and just millennials alike—right now, their top issues, I believe, from what we have heard, are student loan debt, access to entrepreneurship, equality and making sure that we have equal pay for equal work, as well as climate change. 
When it comes to veterans, every au-
dience we were in front of had a vet-eran there, and every audience thought we weren’t doing enough to take care of our veterans. 
I think the message I want to put out 
there tonight—and continue the con-versation on social media under #futureforum—is we must stand up and serve our veterans as well as they have stood up and served us as a country. 
Mr. P
OLIS, I will leave it to you for 
any closing thoughts on how we can best serve our veterans. 
Mr. POLIS. Well, I just wanted to 
add, again, particularly in the West, in districts like mine, many veterans who have settled in Eagle and Summit Counties or in the Boulder area really have seen their experiences and inter-actions with the outdoors and our envi-ronment as an important part of their healing experience. 
That is why we see such great sup-
port for a number of nonprofits that help get veterans out hiking and biking; why the young veterans, in turn, are strong supporters of wilder-ness proposals; and why I think so many returning veterans would benefit from a veterans conservation corps that really got them out there working with their hands and their hearts, pre-serving some of that same natural her-itage that, when they saw displayed on the movie screen while our national anthem played in Afghanistan or Iraq, gave them the inspiration that they needed to be able to continue to serve our country so well for another day. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Mr. P
OLIS. Thank you, Mr. 
MOULTON , a veteran himself. Also, 
thank you to Mr. K ILMER . 
The Future Forum, we will be back 
in a few weeks talking about a variety of issues that are facing young people; but this is not us talking to you. As you saw tonight, I read a number of tweets live here on the House floor and was tweeting as we were having this conversation. 
Our goal is to talk about the issues, 
have a conversation, but really listen to you and what you care about as millennials. We look forward to being back here on the floor and out across 
America as the Future Forum, looking out for what is best for millennials and standing up here in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
MOOLENAAR ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) 
of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 p.m.), the House 
stood in recess. 
f 
b2300 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 11 o’clock 
p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–112) on the resolution (H. Res. 260) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today (sec-
ond series) on account of official busi-ness. 
Mrs. C
APPS (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for May 12 through May 21 on 
account of medical reasons. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 651. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
H.R. 1075. An act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.099 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2956 May 13, 2015 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 11 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Thursday, May 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1455. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Colo-rado and Imported Irish Potatoes; Relax-ation of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 2 and Import Regulations [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-13-0073; FV13-948-3 FR] received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
1456. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Avocados Grown in South Florida and Im-ported Avocados; Change in Maturity Re-quirements [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0051; FV14- 915-1 FIR] received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
1457. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agriculture Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in South-eastern States; Suspension of Marketing Order Provisions [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0011; FV14-953-1 IR] received May 12, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
1458. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Fruit and Vegetable Program, Pro-motion and Economics Division, Agricul-tural Marketing Service, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Honey Packers and Importers Research, Promotion, Consumer Education and Information Order; Assessment Rate In-crease [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0045] received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
1459. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter stat-ing authorization for 15 officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general, as indicated, in accord-ance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1460. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Restrictions on Sale of Assets of a Failed Institution by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (RIN: 3064- AE26) received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
1461. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Norway, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, Pub. L. 94-329, as amend-ed, Transmittal No.: 15-31; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1462. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to 
the Government of Japan, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, Pub. L. 94-329, as amended, Transmittal No.: 15-34; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1463. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Carib-bean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 40 [Docket No.: 140818679-5356-02] (RIN: 0648-BE47) received May 12, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1464. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South At-lantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mex-ico; Red Grouper Recreational Management Measures [Docket No.: 150105013-5291-02] (RIN: 0648-BE62) received May 12, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1465. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Pacific Island Fisheries; Pacific Re-mote Islands Marine National Monument Ex-pansion [Docket No.: 141110950-5227-02] (RIN: 0648-BE63) received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1466. A letter from the Project Manager, 
Office of Policy and Strategy, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Employment Au-thorization for Certain H-4 Dependent Spouses [CIS No.: 2501-10; DHS Docket No.: USCIS-2010-0017] (RIN: 1615-AB92) received May 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1467. A letter from the ICE Regulatory Co-
ordinator, ICE Office of Policy, Regulatory Division, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Adjustments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment and Study by F- 2 and M-2 Nonimmigrants [DHS Docket No.: ICEB-2011-0005] (RIN: 1653-AA63) received May 11, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1468. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s Office of Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Activities Quarterly Report covering April 1, 2014 through June 30, 2014, pursuant to Sec. 803 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, Pub. L. 110-53, 121 Stat. 266, 361-62 (codi-fied at 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-1(f)); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 260. Resolution providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes 
(Rept. 114–112). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAUL, and Mr. E NGEL ): 
H.R. 2285. A bill to improve enforcement 
against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal net-works, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 2286. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish a priority for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in processing certain claims for compensation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MULVANEY (for himself and 
Ms. S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 2287. A bill to require the National 
Credit Union Administration to hold public hearings and receive comments from the public on its budget, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 2288. A bill to remove the use restric-
tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. 
A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 2289. A bill to reauthorize the Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, to bet-ter protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
KING of Iowa, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
KLINE): 
H.R. 2290. A bill to amend the Volunteer 
Organization Protection Act of 1997, to pro-vide for liability protection for organizations or entities; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself and Mr. T
HORNBERRY ): 
H.R. 2291. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transport individuals to and from facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilitation, counseling, examination, treatment, and care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): 
H.R. 2292. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to preserve access to re-habilitation innovation centers under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MY7.102 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2957 May 13, 2015 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 2293. A bill to revise section 48 of title 
18, United States Code, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2294. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make memorial headstones and markers available for purchase on behalf of members of reserve components who per-formed inactive duty training or active duty for training but did not serve on active duty; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and 
Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 2295. A bill to amend the Mineral 
Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to identify and designate National Energy Security Corridors for the construc-tion of natural gas pipelines on Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H IMES, Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. T SON-
GAS, and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 2296. A bill to establish a Financing 
Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program in the Department of Energy to provide finan-cial assistance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manu-facturing and industrial facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. 
ZELDIN ): 
H.R. 2297. A bill to prevent Hezbollah and 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institu-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and 
Mr. L ONG): 
H.R. 2298. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under parts C and D of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2299. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for site-of- service price transparency under the Medi-care program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. T IPTON , 
Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. L AMBORN , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. 
GOODLATTE ): 
H.R. 2300. A bill to provide for incentives 
to encourage health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education 
and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, House Administration, Rules, Ap-propriations, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CLEAVER (for himself, Mr. 
C
LAY, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
LONG, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): 
H.R. 2301. A bill to designate Union Station 
in Washington, DC, as the ‘‘Harry S. Truman Union Station’’; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
LAY): 
H.R. 2302. A bill to require that States re-
ceiving Byrne JAG funds to require sensi-tivity training for law enforcement officers of that State and to incentivize States to enact laws requiring the independent inves-tigation and prosecution of the use of deadly force by law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. 
SPEIER ): 
H.R. 2303. A bill to amend the Federal Meat 
Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspec-tion Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act to provide that meat, poultry, and egg products containing certain pathogens or contaminants are adulterated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, 
Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. I SSA, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 2304. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to create a special motion to dismiss strategic lawsuits against public par-ticipation (SLAPP suits); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 2305. A bill to reform the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, In-telligence (Permanent Select), and Home-land Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2306. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the marriage penalty in, and reduce the eligibility limita-tion on, the tax credit for health insurance premiums; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2307. A bill to validate final patent 
number 27-2005-0081, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2308. A bill to designate a peak lo-
cated in Nevada as ‘‘Mount Reagan’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD ): 
H.R. 2309. A bill to amend the Equal Credit 
Opportunity Act to prohibit discrimination on account of sexual orientation or gender identity when extending credit; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 2310. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a standard home office deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2311. A bill to expand the research ac-
tivities of the National Institutes of Health with respect to functional gastrointestinal and motility disorders, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 2312. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2313. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to enhance and expand infrastructure and activities to track the ep-idemiology of hydrocephalus, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. F OSTER , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 2314. A bill to ensure the humane 
treatment of persons detained pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. 
A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13MY7.100 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2958 May 13, 2015 
BUSTOS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY  
of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. K IND, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
CARNEY , and Mr. H INOJOSA ): 
H.J. Res. 51. A joint resolution removing 
the deadline for the ratification of the equal rights amendment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. 
W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F ARR, Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Mr. G RAYSON ): 
H. Res. 261. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should work with the Gov-ernment of Nepal to ensure that the unique needs, vulnerabilities, and capacities of women and girls are considered and ad-dressed in efforts to provide humanitarian relief and assistance in reconstruction in the aftermath of the April 25, 2015, earthquake; 
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 2285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 2286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sections 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 2287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce . . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. ‘‘To make 
Rules for the Government . . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 2288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Property Clause of Article IV, Section 
3—The Congress shall have the Power to dis-pose of and make all needful rules and regu-lation respecting the Territory or other Property belong to the United States. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 2289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, 
Congress has the authority to regulate for-eign and interstate commerce. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 2290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 . . . ‘‘To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 . . . ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 2291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 2292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 2293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, known as the 
Commerce Clause, provides Congress with the authority regulate interstate and foreign commerce. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 2295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2, ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 (relating to the power 
of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.) 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 2297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 2300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Consistent with the original understanding 
of the commerce clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. Consistent with Congress’s power to tax, the authority to enact this legislation is also found in Clause 1 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. CLEAVER: 
H.R. 2301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislatioin is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13MY7.100 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2959 May 13, 2015 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in an Department of Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 2304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The First Amendment to the Constitution 
of the United States 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 2305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII Clause I: The Con-
gress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the Unites States. 
Article I Section VII Clause XVIII. To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution’’. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution’’. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H.R. 2310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 2311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 2312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-
ers vested in Congress), and Article IV, sec-tion 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Con-gress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 2314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.J. Res. 51. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 151: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 169: Ms. K USTER , Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 232: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 244: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 304: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 346: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 353: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 456: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 511: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 531: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 532: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 540: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 546: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 572: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. P OLIS, and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 578: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 581: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 592: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
SHUSTER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 594: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 605: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 612: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 613: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 614: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 619: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 649: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. D OGGETT , 
and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 686: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 699: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 704: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 711: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 771: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 774: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 784: Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
GRAYSON , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 789: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 793: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 800: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 855: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 865: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mrs. B ROOKS  
of Indiana. 
H.R. 879: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri, Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan. 
H.R. 885: Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 921: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 923: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 924: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 953: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 970: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 971: Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 973: Ms. K USTER and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 980: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H OLDING , and 
Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 991: Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida. 
H.R. 997: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. T OMPRICE 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 1062: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Ms. 
GRANGER . 
H.R. 1073: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1086: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1090: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1091: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1100: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 1112: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1116: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1117: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1121: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C LEAVER , and 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1139: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1142: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1170: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1171: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. F LORES and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1181: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1188: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. H ECKof Ne-
vada. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1197: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T ROTT , 
and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
ZELDIN , and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. F ARRand Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1283: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1332: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1344: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
H.R. 1371: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1375: Mr. B EYER and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1384: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1389: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
CRAMER . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1421: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1431: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1432: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1461: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1466: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C OLE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R ICEof South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.040 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2960 May 13, 2015 
Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 1493: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1496: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1498: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1516: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1519: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and 
Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1550: Ms. K USTER and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1568: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1594: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. H IMES, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F INCHER , and 
Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1602: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1605: Mr. B RATand Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
WOMACK , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1633: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1666: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1699: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1707: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. B LUM, Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. K INDand Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1742: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1745: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C ICILLINE , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1775: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. C ON-
YERS . 
H.R. 1800: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1807: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. 
LEE. H.R. 1814: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. 
H.R. 1817: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1821: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1844: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1852: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1861: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 1869: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1908: Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 1921: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1936: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
VANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. I SRAEL and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia, Mr. K LINE, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BUCHANAN , and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2008: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. F ARRand Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2031: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 2032: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2035: Ms. D ELAURO and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2046: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. K INZINGER of Il-
linois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. 
RUIZ. 
H.R. 2072: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 2100: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. D ELANEY , and Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts. 
H.R. 2109: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 2130: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2132: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K EATING , and 
Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2135: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2139: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2150: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2152: Mr. J ONES and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2177: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2178: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2193: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2207: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2216: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 2230: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2243: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2247: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
BUCSHON . 
H.R. 2248: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.J. Res. 47: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P OLIS, 
and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. K ATKO and Ms. 
STEFANIK . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H. Con. Res. 36: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. N AD-
LER. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. K LINE and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H. Res. 110: Mr. K IND. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. G UINTA . 
H. Res. 174: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 193: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H. Res. 208: Ms. E SHOO . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H. Res. 210: Mr. K LINE. 
H. Res. 220: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H. Res. 246: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 248: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H. Res. 253: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H. Res. 256: Ms. H AHNand Mr. P AYNE . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
Amendment No. 1 to be offered by Rep-
resentative M ACTHORNBERRY to H.R. 1735, 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY7.045 H13MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2815 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2015 No. 73 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Holy One, we desire to do Your will. 
May we acknowledge You as the source of all that is worthy. Thank You for Your gracious righteousness that is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, help us to find rest and content-ment in You. 
Remind our lawmakers not to seek 
security apart from You. May they not forget that righteousness exalts a na-tion and that You are our shelter and shield. Equip them with everything good for doing Your will. Give them steadfast hearts, which no unworthy affection may drag downward. Teach them to serve You as You deserve. 
And, Lord, sustain those who are 
dealing with the trauma of the Amtrak train derailment in Philadelphia. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
many of us awoke to terrible news this morning. We are still awaiting more in-formation about what happened out-
side of Philadelphia, but we know this tragedy will touch the lives of many. 
The Senate sends its condolences to 
the victims, those who were injured, and their families and loved ones. We also reaffirm our gratitude to our Na-tion’s first responders. 
f 
TRADE LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it 
was really quite something to watch President Obama’s party vote to fili-buster his top domestic legislative pri-ority yesterday. That is what we saw right here in the Senate. It left pretty much everyone scratching their heads. 
The Democratic leader made clear 
yesterday that he was not interested in debating the ‘‘merits of the bill.’’ In other words, he told us that this fili-buster is for political reasons only. 
It makes sense, considering that this 
filibuster is all about appeasing a facts-optional crowd on the left that hasn’t been able to marshal much of a serious, fact-based argument to sup-port its opposition to more American exports and more American trade jobs. 
You don’t have to take my word for 
it. It is President Obama who said the far left’s arguments don’t ‘‘stand the 
test of fact and scrutiny.’’ It is Presi-dent Obama who says the far left is just ‘‘making stuff up.’’ And it is Presi-dent Obama who warns the far left about ‘‘ignoring realities.’’ 
In other words, hardly anyone be-
lieves there is a serious policy leg for these folks to stand on—not that there is a viable process excuse for this fili-buster, either. 
A senior Senator in the Democrat 
leadership essentially rebutted the lat-est process argument yesterday. He said: ‘‘[N]o one disputed in committee that we’d get a vote separately’’—sepa-rately—‘‘on the customs bill’’ because it contained a provision, he said, that would bring down TPA. 
What we can infer from this is that 
the demand to merge four separate trade bills—including the Customs 
bill—into one trade bill isn’t a strategy designed to pass better trade legisla-tion but a poison pill designed to kill it. So we certainly won’t be doing that, because our goal here should be to score a serious policy win for the 
American people and not claim a sym-bolic scalp for the extreme left. 
That is why Republicans have chosen 
to work closely with President Obama to advance a serious trade and eco-nomic growth agenda. It is not a nat-ural position for us, I assure you, or for the President to be in politically, but we agree that strengthening the middle class by knocking down unfair trade restrictions is a good idea. Since we agree on the policy, I think we have a duty to the American people to cooper-ate responsibly to pursue it. And that is just what we have done. Not a single Republican—not one—voted yesterday against at least opening the debate on this 21st century American trade agen-da. 
Now, all that is needed to move for-
ward is for our Democratic friends who tell the public they support trade to withdraw support for a filibuster they know is wrong on the merits. 
Yes, I understand it may be uncom-
fortable for our Democratic colleagues to cross loud factions in their party, but Republicans proved yesterday that it is possible to put good policy over easy politics. 
So Democrats have to choose. Will 
they allow themselves to keep being led around by the most extreme ele-ments of their party, even when it runs counter to the needs of their constitu-ents, or will they take a stand and lead? The American people are count-ing on them to make the right choice. 
When they do, they will find the 
same willing partners who have always been here. They will find we are ready to continue working across the aisle in good faith to move forward. 
Recall that we have only gotten as 
far as we have already because of a sig-nificant bipartisan compromise on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.000 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2816 May 13, 2015 
Chairman H ATCH ’s part. He worked 
very closely with Senator W YDEN to 
hammer out a trade package that gar-nered an astonishing 20 votes in the Fi-nance Committee, with just 6 Senators opposed—just 6. That huge level of bi-partisan support really surprised ev-erybody. We have seen some unfortu-nate partisan rear-guard action since then that is designed to sink these American trade jobs. But we can rise above it. That is why Republicans re-main committed to carrying forward the kind of bipartisan momentum we saw over in the Finance Committee, just as we have been all along on other issues. We are happy to work with any Senator in a serious way. The door is open. 
I have made clear that there would 
be an open amendment process. I have made clear that Senators would receive fair consideration once we proceed to debating this bill. The bipartisan path forward I offered yesterday morning is still on the table. I remain committed to the significant concession my party already made about processing TPA and TAA. I don’t like TAA. I think it is a program very hard to defend. But I understand that if we are going to get TPA, our friends on the other side need TAA. If Chairman H
ATCH and Senator 
WYDEN can agree to other policies, we 
can consider those, too. What we won’t be doing is pursuing poison-pill strate-gies such as the one I mentioned al-ready. 
Let’s also agree that no Senator is in 
a position to guarantee that some bill can clear both Houses of Congress, re-ceive a signature from the President, secure the blessings of the Supreme Court, and whatever else our friends might demand. This wouldn’t be much of a democracy if Senators could actu-ally make such an impossible guar-antee. 
So look, we want to have a serious 
discussion. We want to actually get a good policy outcome. That has always been our goal. I hope more will now join us to allow debate on the trade discussion our constituents deserve. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I join with 
the majority leader in extending my thoughts to the terrible situation in Pennsylvania. That accident occurred last night at 9 p.m. We now have six re-ported dead and many, many more in-jured. There were about 300 people on that train. I join him in commending the first responders for the work they did and are doing as we speak. 
f 
TRADE LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we have 
heard the expressions ‘‘red herring’’ and ‘‘loss leader,’’ all these terms that 
try to focus attention someplace where it shouldn’t be focused. That is basi-cally what the Republican leader has done this morning. 
He, of course, misconstrued what I 
said on the floor yesterday. I said that I am not here to debate the intricacies of this trade bill. Some can do that bet-ter than I. I have no qualms about say-ing that about myself. It is a very spe-cialized area. But I do understand that the debate was not taking place be-cause we were not on the bill. I said that I understand the procedure around here—and I do. 
The procedure is pretty simple. It is 
a fact that virtually all legislation that passes the Senate needs major bi-partisan support. This year is an exam-ple. Nearly every bill passed by the Senate has enjoyed the support of over 90 percent of Senate Democrats. It is just a reality that the 114th Congress will take Democratic votes to get things done. 
Many Democrats don’t support fast- 
track. I don’t. The vast majority of Democrats don’t. But without fol-lowing all of the loss leaders, the red herrings the Republican leader threw out, the Finance Committee reported out four bills, and it is only logical we consider all four of them. 
I have said, and I say it again, it is 
only logical we take the Republican leader’s words for what they are. He said: Let’s get on the bill, and then we will start the amendment process. 
Well, we can’t start the amendment 
process very well if we are not having an opportunity to amend and change the bills that aren’t there. They would just be thrown to the winds. That is, Customs is very important and enforce-ment and, of course, the situation deal-ing with African trade. 
We put a reasonable alternative on 
the table for Senate Republicans to ac-cept. All the Republican leader needs to do is say yes, and we can open de-bate on these trade bills. 
f 
ANTI-SEMITISM 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, last week 
there were celebrations all around the world celebrating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe Day. 
Here in our Nation’s capital, we cele-
brated the day that Europe was offi-cially liberated. Just outside of the Capitol, dozens of World War II aircraft flew up and down the Mall honoring and celebrating the end of the war that engulfed Europe—over the Lincoln Me-morial, the National World War II Me-morial, the Washington Monument, over the Capitol, and points in be-tween. 
I grew up in a little town and I was 
a little boy, but I can still remember the war ending. I don’t really remem-ber what I remember, but I knew it was something that was important to ev-erybody there. It was a big deal in Searchlight, as it was everyplace in America. The war was at an end. Amer-icans were thankful that the war was 
over. They were thankful that their fa-thers, sons, brothers, and—yes, Mr. President—World War II daughters were able to come home. They had fought valiantly on battlefields across the world, and they would be coming home—as I mentioned, the women, the WAVES, the WACs, and SPARS—all these women, thousands and thousands who participated in the war, for that 
manner. 
Across America we were all happy 
that freedom and democracy had pre-vailed over a regime that was fueled by hatred. 
I heard on the radio this morning a 
brief account of Winston Churchill. That was many years ago, 70 years ago today giving a speech. He had only been Prime Minister 3 days, and he gave one of his most famous speeches, about all he had to offer. They were en-gulfed in this war. They were doing it alone. It was a stunning speech that history will always remember. But after that war was over, we were happy. England was happy. Freedom and democracy had prevailed over a re-gime that was fueled by hatred. 
As I got older and could understand a 
little more, I first became really fo-cused on World War II. I am sorry to say I did not do it until I was in col-lege, but I remember it as if it were 5 minutes ago, looking at those pictures in the book ‘‘The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich’’ by William Shirer. Those pictures I will never ever forget. I can see them now in my mind’s eye. In that book, there were pictures of the libera-tion of the concentration camps. 
I learned how the world learned of 
the enormity of the Holocaust, the genocide of 6 million Jews. The world saw the incredible extent to which the Nazis had taken their hatred of the Jews. It is hard to comprehend, but nothing—nothing—could adequately describe how horrible the situation was. Sadly, though, as I look around the world today, there are still glimps-es of that same hate that we as a human race had hoped to extinguish those seven decades ago. 
It is not always on the front pages of 
the press or on the television sets, but it is still there. Hate wears many masks: violence, intimidation, segrega-tion, vile rhetoric, and, of course, dis-enfranchisement. Anti-Semitism is that and more. Though it assumes dif-ferent identities, in the end, it is still hate. It pains me to say there seems to be a resurgence of anti-Semitism across the world. I look at Israel and I see the vicious attacks carried out against innocent Jews there: the slaughter of Jewish worshipers in a Je-rusalem synagogue last November; Hamas’s campaign of terror, indis-criminately targeting innocent Israelis with their thousands and thousands of rockets. 
I look at Europe and see the heinous 
acts being perpetuated there against Jews. For example, in the Netherlands, the home of a prominent rabbi was at-tacked twice in one week. In Paris, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.002 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2817 May 13, 2015 
hundreds and hundreds of protesters 
attacked synagogues, smashed the win-dows of Jewish shops and cafes, and set several afire. In France, there was also an attack on a Jewish grocery store following the Charlie Hebdo shootings. Anti-Semitic slogans, such as ‘‘Gas the Jews’’ have been shouted at several demonstrations throughout Germany. Jewish museums throughout Norway were forced to close because of fear of attacks. 
I look at the United Nations Human 
Rights Council in Geneva and am sickened by its long history of bias against Israel and the people of Israel. Then I see what is happening on some college campuses here in the United States, and I am shocked by the vitriol being directed at Jews and supporters of Israel. 
Last Sunday, the New York Times 
reported that in the midst of campus debates about boycotts of Israel, Jew-ish students felt increasingly intimi-dated. At several colleges, swastikas have been painted on the doors of Jew-ish fraternities and in some instances on the doors of Jews who were in their rooms. Some Jewish students feel the need to hide their heritage and support for Israel given the intense backlash. That is sad. 
The former president of the Univer-
sity of California system, Mark Yudof, recently was quoted as saying: 
Jewish students and their parents are in-
tensely apprehensive and insecure about this movement. I hear it all the time: Where can I send my kids that will be safe for them as Jews? 
That is just stunning. Bigotry and 
hatred have no place in the world today, especially not in a country that has long prided itself on being a beacon of freedom and acceptance. Instead, it is incumbent upon all Americans to not only stand up to anti-Semitism wherever we see it but also to stand in solidarity with the Jewish people. 
Three things: Let’s stand against 
anti-Semitism; let’s stand with Israel and the Jews throughout the world; and, third, let’s stand against hate. 
f 
THE MIDDLE CLASS 
Mr. REID. I want to say a brief word 
about something I mentioned as I started my remarks. My friend, the Re-publican leader, has stated that the ex-treme left is causing a problem on this bill. It is not the extreme left. It is Democrats who are concerned about the middle class. 
We do not focus here on the middle 
class. Republicans are focused else-where. We have done nothing on min-imum wage, and we have done nothing on student debt. We have done nothing on equal pay for men and women. We have done nothing to create jobs— nothing. We are here. In a matter of 1 week or 2 weeks, the authorization for highways will be gone. It is different than other authorizations we do be-cause under the law we passed pre-viously, when that law expires, there is no contract authority, and that pro-
gram will come to a screeching halt. We have a few dollars left to carry on for a few more weeks, but it will not be spent. 
It is a shame my friend, the Repub-
lican leader, keeps referring to the ex-treme left—whatever that means— when we start talking about the middle class. That is one reason we are con-cerned about this trade bill that is be-fore us today. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, with the ma-jority controlling the first half. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NORTH KOREA 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the threat from North Korea to U.S. national security and to our friends and allies in East Asia. 
On May 9, North Korea claimed it 
had test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, raising concerns across the region. If these reports are accurate, experts point out that North Korea may have succeeded for the first time in installing a missile launcher of about 2,500 tons onto a submarine. 
If that is true, with this test, North 
Korea violated a series of United Na-tions Security Council resolutions, in-cluding resolutions 1718, 1874, 2087, and 2094. 
According to a more cautious assess-
ment from South Korean officials, it appears North Korea will be able to de-ploy a fully operational submarine ca-pable of launching a ballistic missile in only 4 to 5 years. This launch is the latest confirmation of Pyongyang’s growing nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities while the Obama adminis-tration seems to have fallen asleep at the switch with regard to our policy to deter the growing North Korea threat. 
According to the Director of National 
Intelligence’s 2015 Worldwide Threat Assessment, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and 
to the security environment in East Asia.’’ 
We should remember North Korea 
has already tested nuclear weapons on three separate occasions—2006, 2009, and in February of 2013. Most recently, nuclear experts have reported that North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, a number that could double by next year, and that Pyongyang has the potential to possess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. 
We know North Korea is a nuclear 
proliferator. They cooperated with the Syrian regime on their nuclear weap-ons program before Israeli jets de-stroyed that facility in 2007. We know North Korea’s conventional arsenal is rapidly expanding and threatens not only our close allies in South Korea and Japan but could also threaten the United States, our homeland, in the near future. 
According to the DNI, ‘‘North Korea 
has also expanded the size and sophis-tication of its ballistic missile forces, ranging from close-range ballistic mis-siles to ICBMs, while continuing to 
conduct test launches. In 2014, North Korea launched an unprecedented num-ber of ballistic missiles.’’ 
The DNI report goes on to say that 
‘‘Pyongyang is committed to devel-oping a long-range, nuclear-armed mis-sile that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States.’’ We should not forget that North Korea is an aggressive, ruthless regime that is not even afraid to kill its own innocent people. 
On March 26, 2010, North Korean mis-
siles sank the South Korean ship Cheonan, killing 46 of her crew, and several months later shelled a South Korean island, killing four more South Korean citizens. It is also quickly de-veloping other tools of intimidation as well, such as cyber capabilities, as demonstrated by the attack on the South Korean financial and commu-nication systems in March of 2013 and the infamous Sony Pictures hacking incident in November of 2014. 
We should also not forget that this 
regime remains one of the world’s fore-most abusers of human rights. The North Korean regime maintains a vast network of political prison camps where as many as 200,000 men, women, and children are confined to atrocious living conditions and are tortured, maimed, and killed. 
On February 7, 2014, the United Na-
tions Human Rights Council released a report detailing North Korea’s horren-dous record on human rights. Here is a description of some of the torture methods common in North Korea as de-scribed by former North Korean state security officials interviewed for the report. 
The room had wall shackles that were spe-
cially arranged to hang people upside down. Various other torture instruments were also provided, including long needles that would be driven underneath the suspect’s finger-nails and a pot with a water-hot chili pepper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.004 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2818 May 13, 2015 
concoction that would be poured into the 
victim’s nose. As a result of such severe tor-ture, suspects would often admit to crimes they did not commit. 
This report makes for horrifying 
reading and gives us a glimpse of the utter depravity of this regime. What then is the U.S. policy to counter North Korea’s belligerence and human rights abuses? The answer is precious little. 
The administration’s policy of stra-
tegic patience has been a failure. All that our so-called patience has done is allowed the regime to significantly ad-vance its military capabilities and to systematically continue to torture its own people. 
I call on the administration to imme-
diately reverse course and begin the process of applying more pressure to the North Korean regime through addi-tional financial sanctions, increased military engagement with our allies in the region, and more assertive diplo-macy with China, which wields signifi-cant control over the fate of the re-gime. 
We should never negotiate with 
Pyongyang without imposing strict preconditions that North Korea take immediate steps to halt its nuclear program, cease all military provo-cations, and make credible steps to-ward respecting human rights of its people. 
We should not forget that in a deal 
with the United States over 20 years ago, North Korea pledged to dismantle their nuclear program. Today, we are reaping the harvest of failed policies of engagement with a regime that has no respect for international agreements or international norms. 
As it negotiates with other rogue 
states that seek to obtain nuclear weapons to threaten the free world, I urge the administration to draw the appropriate conclusions from our failed North Korea policy. 
As we talk about human rights viola-
tions and violations of international norms, there was a report printed yes-terday with the headline ‘‘North Korea Said to Execute a Top Official, With an Antiaircraft Gun.’’ This is a country violating human rights, killing its own people, and willing to watch as its own people starve to death. Now there is a report that they are killing people with anti-aircraft guns. This is a regime that doesn’t deserve strategic patience but deserves the full commitment of the United States in our efforts to make sure we are bringing peace to the region and long-term peace to the world. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
week we passed an important bill that protected the rights of the American people. It said the people in Congress have a right to be involved in an agree-ment the President negotiates on 
Iran’s nuclear program. Well, that was an important piece of legislation, and I was glad to see it passed with over-whelming bipartisan support. 
The bill on trade promotion author-
ity, which we have been talking about this week, is also very important. This bill is about U.S. trade with other countries and the proper role Congress should play in that. It is also very much about America’s future, and that is why Republicans are so committed to this piece of legislation. 
The problem is Senate Democrats 
have pulled the rug out from under the American people and the President. They blocked the Senate from even considering this important piece of leg-islation. This is not the normal story of Democrats v. Republicans or Sen-ator R
EIDv. Senator M CCONNELL . Oh, 
no. This is a story about Senator R EID 
v. President Obama. 
America’s economy grew by just 0.2 
percent in the first quarter of this year. When the Democratic leader or-ders the Senators on his side of the aisle to block this bill, is he saying the American people should be satisfied with 0.2 percent growth? Is that satis-faction? 
If we are going to get America’s 
economy going and growing again, we need to increase opportunities for America’s farmers, ranchers, and man-ufacturers to sell their products over-seas. 
According to the Commerce Depart-
ment, 95 percent of the world’s cus-tomers live outside the United States. That means there are billions of people around the world who want to buy American products, and that means creating jobs for Americans who make those products. It means lower prices for many of the products Americans want to buy at home. It means more money for the American economy, which is good for all of us. Now, all of that comes from more U.S. trade with other countries. 
The bill we are debating right now is 
very important to American families and to the American economy. Trade promotion authority is a valuable tool. It helps make sure there are strong rules that hold other countries ac-countable for their unfair trade prac-tices. It also helps us forge agreements to tear down the barriers that block American goods from foreign markets. The sooner we renew trade promotion authority, the sooner American fami-lies can start reaping the benefits. 
It is outrageous Senate Democrats 
are keeping us from taking this step to help these families all across the coun-try. The benefits of trade are substan-tial for places such as my home State of Wyoming. 
Exports from Wyoming to other 
countries amounted to almost $2 bil-lion last year—$2 billion. The Wyoming chemical industry alone exported near-ly $1 billion worth of material. 
One of our most important chemical 
exports is soda ash, which is a chemical used to make things such as glass and 
detergents. It is the largest inorganic chemical export in the United States, and it is responsible for thousands of American jobs. Our producers face high tariffs in some countries, and they are competing with China for the cus-tomers. 
If we pass this bill and follow that up 
with the kind of trade deals it allows, we could add another $40 million in new soda ash exports, and that means a lot of jobs here at home. 
Trade promotion authority helps give 
American producers a fair chance to compete for business overseas. 
In Wyoming, our farmers and ranch-
ers also export beef, lamb, and grain. We export machinery, minerals, and energy from our oil and gas producers. Wyoming’s presence in the global mar-ketplace has been increasing, and we as a nation cannot afford to stop that progress now. We need more access to more markets and we need fair com-petition. 
So the question is: Why are the 
Democrats standing in the way of all of that? Democrats are blocking more than just the money for American workers and our economy. Economic prosperity itself strengthens our Na-tion and makes it more secure. 
Ronald Reagan once said: ‘‘Our na-
tional security and economic strength are indivisible.’’ He understood that national defense is expensive and that America needs a strong economy to pay for it. Reagan understood that American trade with other countries can help strengthen our military alli-ances as well. American goods sold overseas provide an American presence all around the world. They are eco-nomic boots on the ground. 
The Secretary of Defense, Ash Car-
ter, said something similar in a speech last month. He said: ‘‘Our military strength ultimately rests on the foun-dation of our vibrant, unmatched, and growing economy.’’ 
He said the kinds of trade deals this 
bill would promote are ‘‘as important to me as another aircraft carrier.’’ Now, that is the current Secretary of Defense agreeing with what President Ronald Reagan said years ago. 
The Defense Secretary also talked 
about what all of us in the Senate 
know to be true: If America does not continue to lead in global commerce and does not attract more trading part-ners, someone else will. More likely than not, that is going to be China. 
America needs to step up and start 
negotiating effective, fair, and enforce-able trade agreements or we are going to be allowing China to write the rules for global trade. If that happens, every Senator here knows those rules will not favor American workers and Amer-ican exports. Senate Democrats know that, and they are still standing in the way of this legislation. 
Last year, our exports supported 
nearly 12 million American jobs. That is an increase of 2 million jobs since 2009. It is great news, but it is not enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.005 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2819 May 13, 2015 
According to the latest numbers that 
came out last Friday, there are an-other 17 million Americans who are ei-ther unemployed, are working part time because they cannot find full- time work or have absolutely given up and stopped looking for a job. There are 17 million Americans who are wait-ing for our economy to really start growing again. 
We need to create more stable, long- 
term jobs for those Americans who have been left behind by the weak economy over the past 6 years. More U.S. trade with other countries can help make that happen. This trade pro-motion authority bill is the first step toward reaching that goal and Demo-crats know that. Why then are they fighting so hard to make sure this bill fails? Why are they fighting so hard to block those jobs? This legislation 
would give the President a clear road-map—a roadmap to follow while nego-tiating trade deals. It also ensures that Congress and the American people have a say about whether a deal goes through. That part is extremely impor-tant. 
I mentioned the fight we just had 
with the White House to make sure the American people and Congress can re-view an agreement with Iran over its nuclear program. Well, this bill says right up front that Congress will get to have an up-or-down vote on any trade deals. 
This isn’t about expanding the pow-
ers of the President. I know a lot of Senators have serious concerns about how President Obama has abused his authority in unchecked and unprece-dented ways. A lot of Americans have those same concerns. This bill is not just about this President. It is about the next President and the one after that. It is about American workers, American families, and growing the American economy for all of us. It is about making sure America continues to lead and Americans continue to prosper. American exports to other countries are the key to this. This bill on the floor right now can make sure all of that happens, and it makes sure the American people have their say. 
It is time for Senate Democrats to 
call off their destructive fight with the President. It is time for Senate Demo-crats to stop blocking trade, stop blocking jobs, and stop blocking progress for American families and for our economy. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, on May 
4, 2015, Officer Brian Moore was killed in the line of duty. This was an excep-
tional young police officer in New York City. He was young enough that he still lived in his father’s home, but he was experienced enough, old enough that he had already become a decorated officer in the NYPD and had made over 150 ar-rests since joining the department just 5 years ago. 
Commissioner Bill Bratton said: ‘‘In 
his very brief career, he already proved himself to be an exceptional young of-ficer.’’ 
We have heard a lot about law en-
forcement gone wrong, but the reality is that every single day police officers are under threat and they are in dan-ger. 
All Brian Moore did on the evening of 
May 2 was pull up behind someone who was acting in a suspicious manner, and as they began talking to him, the man turned and fired at the car. Officer Moore was struck in the cheek. He had trauma to his brain. Ninety minutes after the shooting, officers arrested the man who perpetrated this crime. He did it with a stolen weapon—one of 23 weapons that were stolen in a 2011 rob-bery at Little’s Bait & Tackle Pawn Shop in Perry, GA. 
Detective Mike Cerullo said of him: 
He was a great kid. I can’t say a bad thing 
about him. He always had a smile on his face. 
Officer Moore was an officer who was 
rising through the ranks very quickly and who was beloved in his community. He grew up on Long Island, tragically and ironically in a town with an ath-letic field at the high school named after Edward Byrne—another alumnus of that high school who was killed in the line of duty as a 22-year-old rookie in 1988. That name may be familiar to us because we now hand out millions of dollars in Byrne grants all across the country—another alumni of this par-ticular high school shot down. 
Brian is one of 86 people across this 
country who are killed by guns every day—2,600 a month and 31,000 a year. Not every single one of these deaths is preventable. I don’t know whether Brian Moore’s was preventable. But what I know is that many of these deaths are preventable, that there has to be a reason why these numbers are so out of whack with every single other country in the industrialized world. A lot has to do with the reality of this place, that as these numbers continue to go up day after day, month after month, year after year at catastrophic levels, we do absolutely nothing about it. 
We have to start thinking about not 
just the cost to the families—and it is not just the mother and the father and the brother and the sister. If we look at the pictures of Brian Moore’s funeral, they are heartbreaking, seeing the tragedy that is washing over the fam-ily members. 
The average homicide by gun has 22 
different victims who are affected by it. It often leads to cycles of violence in which there are killings for retribu-tion, in which the trauma spirals lives 
of children and brothers and sisters downward. 
Let’s look for a second at the cost of 
one murder. Here are some numbers overall. A recent study showed that the annual cost of gun violence in America is $229 billion with a ‘‘b.’’ That is $47 billion more than Apple’s 2014 world-wide revenue. But here is the cost of just one murder—$441,000 in direct costs. Eighty-seven percent of it is paid for by taxpayers. It costs over $400,000 to lock up the perpetrator, $2,000 when he is charged and sentenced, $11,000 for mental health treatment for the vic-tim’s families, $10,000 for the victim’s hospital expenses, $450 just to trans-port to the hospital, and then $2,000 for police response and investigations. 
That is not why we should take on 
the issue of gun violence in this coun-try; we should do it simply to try to stop this scourge of murders. But if we care about being a good steward of the taxpayers’ dollars, then $441,000 a year that could be saved just by eliminating one of the 86 a day seems like a pretty good deal. 
Jose Araujo, from Milford, CT, was 
working for Burns Construction Com-pany in Bridgeport when he was shot at his job on a construction site after a suspect asked for a job and he was re-ferred to the company office. He start-ed to head for the office, but then he turned around and shot Jose. 
A family friend said: 
He was a gentle giant. Wherever he walked 
in there was a smile on his face. He always gave you a strong handshake. 
Another friend said: 
He’s nice, generous and a man of peace. 
Jose’s girlfriend said: 
He was such a great person and if the world 
had more people like him—oh, what a beau-tiful world we would live in. 
Jose leaves behind a 5-year-old son. 
Sanjay Patel was killed on April 6 in 
New Haven, CT. He was just working, as millions of other Americans do, put-ting in his hours as a manager at a CITGO gas station, when he was shot four times by an apparent robber at the station. The perpetrators took money and store merchandise. Specifically, they stole a box of cigars. They killed this guy over a box of cigars. 
Sanjay’s wife was 6 months pregnant 
at the time. He told her he didn’t want her to work while she was pregnant, in part because she had been injured in a house fire last year. In a tearful inter-view, she said her husband took excel-lent care of her and the baby. He brought her ice cream and breakfast in bed. ‘‘This is my first baby,’’ she said, ‘‘and my husband was so happy.’’ 
The stats are overwhelming, whether 
it be the number of people who are killed by guns or the cost to U.S. tax-payers. I try to come to the floor every couple of weeks just to give voice to the victims of gun violence, figuring that if the numbers don’t move this place, maybe the stories of those who are lost will. I can only tell a few a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.006 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2820 May 13, 2015 
day, but, frankly, it would take me 
more time than we have here for de-bate on the floor to tell 86 stories every single day. 
This isn’t just about the fact that I 
come from Newtown, CT; this is about the fact that there is a regular drum-beat of gun violence throughout this country. By doing nothing in the Sen-ate and the House week after week, month after month, year after year, we effectively become complicit in these murders. We silently endorse this epi-demic of gun violence when we don’t even try to make gun trafficking ille-gal at a Federal level; when we don’t stand with 90 percent of the American public and the vast majority of gun owners—80 to 90 percent—and simply say you shouldn’t be able to get a gun if you are a criminal and you have to prove you are not a criminal before you get a gun; when we don’t endorse sim-ple gun safety technology to make sure 
the gun that was used to kill Officer Moore can’t be used by someone who isn’t its intended user, its owner, the technology developing—we could help; we could assist—that would cut down on stolen firearms that are used to kill and hurt people. 
I will keep coming down to the floor 
whatever chance I get to tell a handful of these tragic stories from Con-necticut, to New York, to Chicago, to Los Angeles, giving voices to the vic-tims of gun violence so that someday, somehow, the Senate will recognize that although we can’t eliminate these numbers, although we can’t bring them down to zero, with smart, common-sense legislation, we can make sure these numbers are much lower than they are today and that there is much less tragedy visited on American fami-lies and much less cost to American taxpayers. 
I yield back, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 15 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF MATTHEW CHISM  
AND OFFICER EDDIE JOHNSON  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, all across 
the country right now people are hon-oring the men and women who serve in law enforcement as we honor National Police Week. I was the cochair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. Sen-ator C
OONS and I founded that caucus 
when we came to the Senate a little over 4 years ago. I am proud to be able to speak on behalf of those who serve and their families. I just had a meeting with the Federal 
Law Enforcement Association to talk about the challenge of these jobs and the challenge to families and the im-portance of understanding the moment you are in. One of the observations I made to them—going back to some leg-islation I worked on a few years ago to allow police officers to carry their weapons when they went from State to State—is that you may not remember everybody that you arrested, but ev-erybody you arrested remembers you. 
The vulnerability of police and their 
families is sometimes equal to and sometimes exceeds the vulnerability of those of us whom the police, every day, step up to protect. This is a week when we really take a moment to recognize that. We take a moment to recognize those who serve. I want to pay tribute today particularly to two Missouri offi-cers who were killed in the line of duty last year: Deputy Sheriff Matthew Chism of the Cedar County Sheriff’s Of-fice and Officer Eddie Johnson of the Alton Police Department. 
Deputy Sheriff Chism, of Stockton, 
MO, was tragically killed in November of last year. He was 25 years old. Dep-uty Sheriff Chism was shot and killed while conducting a traffic stop. He had served with the Cedar County Sheriff’s Office for just under 2 years. Deputy Sheriff Chism is survived by his wife and his young son. Clearly, that family has paid a tremendous price for the willingness of their husband and father to step up and defend us. 
Officer Eddie Johnson, Jr., of Alton, 
MO, was involved in a fatal vehicle crash while responding to a structure fire on October 20 of last year. In addi-tion to being an officer with the Alton Police Department, Officer Johnson also served as the fire chief of the vol-unteer fire department and as a reserve deputy for the Oregon County Sheriff’s Department. He was 45 years old. He is survived by his wife and their three children. 
So difficult things happen to those 
who serve. We saw two of our officers, the St. Louis County police officers at Ferguson, MO, who were shot recently as someone was shooting into a crowd there expressing concern about police activity. But the very people trying to be sure that the crowd was able to ex-press that concern were then the vic-tims of violence that has not yet been really figured out—why the person who fired those shots was shooting at a crowd, whether he was shooting specifi-cally at police in that crowd or just shooting into the crowd or what that person was doing. 
The desire of people who serve and 
put on that uniform every day is to serve and protect. That is their No. 1 goal, I am confident, in virtually every case in taking that job. The No. 1 hope of their family is that those people come home safely at the end of their shift. You know, life is uncertain in many ways, but more uncertain when you actually decide you are going to pursue a service to others that puts you intentionally in harm’s way—peo-
ple who are not only prepared to serve but willing to serve, prepared to stand in the way of danger to others but will-ing to stand in the way of danger to others. It is a determination of what to do that other people don’t make and don’t bear the responsibility the same way. So it is important for us right now to think about those who serve. 
I was glad to join Senator C
ARDIN as 
a cosponsor, with others, of the Na-tional Blue Alert Act—the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act. This bill created a national alert system to apprehend violent criminals who have seriously injured or killed police officers. These two offi-cers were killed while in their squad car. This alert system would be used to quickly get that information to other police agencies and to the public, as 
they are trying to find someone who would think about doing that sort of thing. 
We passed that bill on April 30. The 
House of Representatives passed it yes-terday. It is now on the way to the President’s desk. It is a good thing for us to step up and be willing to do. This is a job where you go to work every day not knowing what is likely to happen that day. We saw events in my home 
State, in Ferguson, MO, last August that brought attention to the danger that police face. 
I heard even the President talking 
about Baltimore just a few days ago. He made the comment that we have difficulty in communities and dif-ficulty in people’s lives—people who are not prepared for opportunities and they do not get opportunities. The President said something like this: And then we send the police into those envi-ronments, and we act surprised when bad things happen, when unfortunate things happen, when violence occurs, when police are in the middle of a situ-ation that suddenly does not work out the way any of us would want it to. 
Police are dealing with major prob-
lems. I cosponsored with Senator S
TA-
BENOW last year the Excellence in Men-
tal Health Act, trying to be sure that we are dealing with people’s behavioral health problems like we deal with all other physical health problems. One out of four adult Americans has a be-havioral health problem that is diagnosable—according to the NIH, al-most always treatable—and then one out of nine has a behavioral health problem that severely impacts how they function as an individual, accord-ing to the National Institutes of Health. 
We have no greater support of that 
effort to try to begin to try to treat be-havioral health like all other health than the police organizations around the country that stepped forward and have said: This is a problem that we deal with all the time, and there are better ways to deal with it than ex-pecting police officers to deal with someone whose behavioral health prob-lem leads them to violence or into an-other situation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.007 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2821 May 13, 2015 
By the way, people with behavioral 
health problems are more often the victims of violence than they are the perpetrators of violence. So often this is part of what we ask police to respond to. We expect police to be psychiatrists and psychologists and first responders and experts at protecting others. Then, we can easily begin to want to question what equipment they used, what uni-form they were told they needed to have on for the exercise that they were about to participate in, the public safe-ty moment they were about to be part of. 
These are hard jobs. They are dif-
ficult jobs that often come into the moment of difficulty in other people’s lives—people who for whatever reason do something that they would nor-mally not do, react in a way that they might normally not react or react out of incredible frustration because of the situation they found themselves in. But we expect the police to step for-ward and immediately be able to re-spond to that situation in a way that protects others. Does every police offi-cer do the right thing every time? Probably not. Does almost every police officer do their very best to do the right thing ever time? Absolutely, they do. It is the exceptions that get atten-tion, as they should. But for those of us who every day benefit and benefit in this building from the work they do—I remember on 9/11. One of my memories of 9/11 is that I am one of the last peo-ple to leave the Capitol Building and the police officer who is there telling me to get out as quickly as I could. As she says that to me, I realize, as I am leaving the door to try to get to a safer place, she—the police officer who says that I need to get out of here right now—is still standing at the place where she told me: You need to get out of here right now. Whoever else might have been left in the building, she was trying to be sure that they got out of the building, too. 
That is what we expect the police to 
do. That is what their families know every day when they go to work, that they may be called on to do extraor-dinary things. For those who serve, we are grateful. This is an important week to be grateful to police officers whom we see and police who are helping us whom we do not see. So I am pleased to be here to thank them for their service. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, on an-
other topic, I would just like to say that I hope we can move forward with the ability to have trade agreements. I was disappointed yesterday that we were not able to move forward and not vote on a trade agreement but to vote on the framework that at some point in the future would allow us to nego-tiate a trade agreement. 
You cannot get the final negotiation 
on a trade agreement unless the people with whom you are negotiating know that the trade agreement is going to be voted on—yes or no—by the Congress. 
It cannot be an agreement that the Congress can go back and look at and say: Well, we do not really like that provision. We do not like this provi-sion. Let’s send it back, but let’s not do what they said they were willing to do as part of this negotiation. 
Trade is good for us. Trade is in al-
most all cases about tearing down bar-riers to our products, because we have very few barriers to those that we trade with. So trade is almost always an opportunity to sell more American products in other countries, particu-larly as it relates to the most likely first agreement we would get if we would get trade promotion authority. That agreement, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, will make a huge dif-ference in the way that part of the world develops, if they develop based on a trade relationship where the rule of law matters, a trade relationship where everyone is treated in a way where you are looking for a way to come back and have more ability to work together in the future, where you are working on trade relationships where not every ounce of profit has to be made on any one deal, because you are always thinking about what hap-pens next. 
We have great opportunities there 
and they do too. That part of the world will be dramatically different 10 years from now and even more different 20 years from now, if our system becomes a system that becomes the basis for how they move into their economic fu-ture and create economic opportunity 
for them and for us—as opposed to the other alternatives, which are much more colonial in nature, much more cynical in nature, much more likely to be one big trading partner, and there is one little trading partner in every deal. 
That is not the way this works. That 
is not the way it should work, but we can’t get to that final opportunity for American workers unless we have an agreement where we understand what happens to that agreement once it has been negotiated. 
The best thing, the best offer does 
not come until the people on the other side of the negotiating table know they are doing this under trade promotion authority, an authority that every President since Franklin Roosevelt has had, and every President since Frank-lin Roosevelt asked for, until this President, who didn’t ask for it until his second term and then clearly didn’t do anything to push for it until after the congressional elections last year. 
But this is a 6-year ability to create 
more opportunities for American work-ers and jobs that provide good take- home pay for American workers. I hope the unfortunate decision not to move forward and get this done is a decision the Senate quickly has a chance to rethink, revote on, and move forward. 
With that, I yield the floor. CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 58, H.R. 
1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
OUR COUNTRY ’S WORD ON THE INTERNATIONAL  
STAGE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, it has 
been nearly 2 years since the Syrian tyrant Bashar al-Assad attacked his own people with sarin gas, crossing President Obama’s so-called red line. At the time, President Obama grudg-ingly called for airstrikes against Assad but hesitated at the moment of decision. When Secretary of State Kerry opened the door to a negotiated solution, Vladimir Putin barged in, al-lowing Assad the pretext of turning over his chemical weapons to avoid U.S. airstrikes. The amen chorus pro-claimed a strategic master stroke. 
But it wasn’t so. Street-smart ob-
servers were onto Assad’s game. He only needed to keep a tiny fraction of his chemical stockpile to retain his military utility. Syria thus could open most—but not all—of its facilities at no cost to the regime. 
In fact, because most of Syria’s 
chemical agents were old, potentially unreliable yet still dangerous, the re-gime actually benefitted by getting the West to pay for the removal of the old stockpiles. 
And where are we now? Exactly 
where a few of my colleagues and I warned we would be. News reports just this week indicate that the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has discovered new evidence of sarin gas and VX nerve agent—9 months after the organization declared Syria had disposed of all of its chemical weapons. In the meantime, Assad has simply shifted to chlorine gas for chemical attacks against his own people, which is also prohibited by the Chemical Weapons Convention, even though Syria signed that conven-tion as part of President Obama’s deal in 2013. 
I am appalled by these reports that 
the Syrian regime has obtained stocks of chemical weapons, but I cannot say I am surprised. Anyone with eyes to see knew the message President Obama had sent. When he flinched in 2013 in the face of Assad’s brazen and brutal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.010 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2822 May 13, 2015 
use of sarin gas on civilians, it only 
emboldened Assad to continue testing U.S. resolve. 
Of course, the fallout goes far beyond 
Syria. The failure to enforce the U.S. red line against the use of chemical weapons in Syria has severely damaged U.S. credibility around the world. I hear this message from leaders of coun-tries not just in the region but across the globe. The message sounds most loudly with Iran, where the Ayatollahs continue their headlong pursuit of nu-clear weapons capabilities with impu-nity. Regrettably, then, we are reaping the bitter fruits of President Obama’s weakness in 2013. 
There are two simple lessons we must 
draw from this sad sequence of events. First, our country’s word on the inter-national stage must be good and it must be credible. When a President draws a red line and fails to back it up, it only emboldens our enemies and makes America appear as the weak horse. Remember, Osama bin Laden fa-mously said that when given the choice between a weak horse and a strong horse, people will, by nature, root for the strong horse. Under Barack Obama, America increasingly looks like the weak horse. 
Second, we cannot trust tyrannical 
regimes to abide by agreements unless we force them to do so. This means that any agreement with Iran about its nuclear weapons program must contain the most stringent conditions, impose the most intrusive verification proce-dures, and ultimately prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapons ca-pability. 
The framework agreement President 
Obama has reached with Iran meets none of those standards. Moreover, the administration’s concealment of Syr-ia’s cheating surely foreshadows how it will look the other way when Iran cheats on any final deal. 
Assad’s cheating on his chemical 
weapons agreement today is dev-astating for the people of Syria, but Iran’s cheating on a nuclear agreement in the future could be catastrophic for the United States and the world at large. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PATRIOT ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, in Feb-
ruary, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center estimated that nearly 20,000 foreign fighters had joined ISIS or other related groups in Syria. Among those, some 3,000 were from Western countries. In other words, many of them either had Amer-ican passports or those that are part of the visa waiver program and could travel, really, without anything other than that passport in the country. Over 
150 were from the United States. 
Just last week, in describing the 
widespread nature of this growing threat, FBI Director James Comey said that the FBI is working on hundreds of investigations in the United States, hundreds of investigations. In fact, ac-cording to Comey, all 56 of the FBI’s field divisions now have open inquiries regarding suspected cases of home-grown terrorism—again, not people coming from Syria or Afghanistan or someplace in the Middle East, these are often Americans who have become radicalized due to the use of social media or the Internet—much as 5 years ago we saw at Fort Hood, TX, a major in the U.S. Army, Nidal Hasan, who had been radicalized by a cleric, Anwar al-Awlaki. 
Major Hasan actually pulled out his 
weapon and killed 13 people, 12 uni-formed military, 1 civilian, and shot roughly 30 more in a terrible terrorist attack at Fort Hood, TX. 
So today we are not just worried 
about a major attack on a significant cultural or economic hub, we also have to worry about ISIS-inspired terrorists all around the country, even as we wit-nessed in my home State of Texas just on May 3. 
When you begin to look at the 
story—that I will ask to be made part of the R
ECORD —written by the New 
York Times on May 11, 2015, it explains how this new threat of homegrown ter-rorism is inspired. I will quote a few pieces of it: 
Hours before he drove into a Texas parking 
lot last week and opened fire with an assault rifle outside a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest, Elton Simpson, 30, logged onto Twitter. 
‘‘Follow @ lAbuHu55ain,’’ Mr. Simpson 
posted, promoting a Twitter account be-lieved to belong to Junaid Hussain, a young computer expert from Birmingham, England, who moved to Syria two years ago to join the Islamic State and has become one of the extremist group’s celebrity hackers. 
Well, there is a question—as the arti-
cle goes on to say—whether or not Mr. Simpson and his colleague, who came, I believe, from Phoenix, AZ, and went on to Garland, TX, to carry out this at-tack—whether they were actually re-cruited ahead of time by ISIL or whether ISIL just claimed credit after the fact. But the article goes on to say: 
It was the first time that the terror group 
had tried to claim credit for an operation carried out in its name on American soil. . . . Yet Mr. Simpson appears to have been part of a network of Islamic State adherents in several countries, including the group’s hub in Syria, who have encouraged attacks and highlighted the Texas event as a worthy target. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R ECORD , fol-
lowing my remarks, this New York Times article from May 11, 2015, and a Wall Street Journal article from May 12, 2015, by Michael B. Mukasey. 
So what FBI Director Comey has ex-
pressed concern about recently is ap-parently very real. It is as real as the daily newspaper recounting the attack 
on May 3 in Garland, TX, of all places. 
Terrorists are sending a clear signal 
to those in the United States and other Western countries: If you can’t fight us abroad, we are going to bring the fight to you in your own country. 
This heightened threat environment 
has led Pentagon officials to raise the security level at U.S. military bases. The last time the threat level was raised to this level was the 10th anni-versary of the September 11 attacks. 
I still remember when the former ad-
miral, Bobby Inman, who served for a long time in the Navy and then also in the intelligence community, was asked about 9/11. He said: It wasn’t so much a failure of intelligence, as it was a fail-ure of imagination. 
Nobody imagined that terrorists 
would hijack a plane and fly it into one of our Nation’s highest skyscrapers, thus, in the process, killing approxi-mately 3,000 people. 
So we need to remember not to have 
a failure of imagination when it comes to the tactics used by terrorists and those who inspire them abroad. Re-marks like those from Director Comey and the Director of our National Coun-terterrorism Center are certainly trou-bling ones for us to hear, and it coun-sels caution. 
While the United States has been 
mostly successful in thwarting attacks on our homeland since 9/11, the threats are still very real. In fact, the terrorist threat has evolved and become more complex in recent years. 
In Texas, we rightly recognize that 
the role of government should be con-strained to focus on core functions. At the Federal level, of course, this means things such as passing a budget. But 
surely it also means protecting our country and its security and the secu-rity of the American people. 
That brings me to some business that 
we are going to have to conduct here in the Congress sometime within the next couple of weeks before certain provi-sions of the U.S. PATRIOT Act expire on June 1. I believe that if we allow these provisions to expire, our home-land security will be at a much greater risk. So I think we need to talk a little bit about it and explain not only the threat but what our intelligence com-munity and our national security offi-cials are doing, working with Congress and the administration, to make sure Americans are safe, and the PATRIOT Act is part of it. 
I recognize there are many who per-
haps haven’t read the PATRIOT Act or whose memories have perhaps dimmed since those terrible events on 9/11 and who think we don’t need the PATRIOT Act. But I would argue that the PA-TRIOT Act serves as a tool for intel-
ligence and law enforcement officials to protect our Nation from those who are seeking to harm us. Three of those useful tools will expire at the end of the month, including section 215, which allows the National Security Agency to access certain types of data, including phone records. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.011 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2823 May 13, 2015 
There has been a lot of misunder-
standing and, frankly, some of it down-right deceptive, about what this does, when, in fact, section 215 is a business records collection provision that hap-pens to be applied to collecting phone records but not the content of phone records. This is one of the misleading statements made by some folks who think we ought to let this provision ex-pire. 
Right now, under current law, which 
is set to expire June 1, our intelligence community can get basically three types of information about a phone record: the calling and receiving num-ber, the time of the call, and the dura-tion. That is it—no content, no names or addresses. You can’t even get cell tower identification that would tell one where the call is coming from. 
Much has been said about this pro-
gram, and, as I said, much of it mis-leading or downright false, but I want to focus now on the oversight that is built into this program because I think Americans understand we need to take steps in a dangerous world to keep the American people safe, but they also value their privacy, and justly so. We all do. So it is important to remind the American people and our colleagues as we take up this important provision of law about what we have already built into the law to protect the privacy of American citizens who are not engaged in any communication with foreign terrorists or being inspired by foreign terrorists to commit acts of terrorism here in the homeland. 
Let me talk about the barriers we 
have created in the law for an NSA— National Security Agency—analyst to overcome before seeing any real infor-mation from this data. First, for the NSA to have access to phone records at all—at all—a special court must ap-prove an order requiring telephone companies to provide those call records to the Agency. That order has been in place since roughly 2006, where the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the specialized court created by Congress for this purpose, has issued an order requiring the telephone compa-nies to turn over these call records— again, no content, no name and ad-dress, but merely the sending number, the receiving number, and the dura-tion. That is the core information which is required. 
It is important to point out that 
these records include only the most basic limited information. They do not include the information I suggested earlier—the content, names and ad-dresses, and the like. 
So the National Security Agency is 
not, as some have assumed wrongly, able to retrieve old phone conversa-tions. They do not collect that sort of information, nor are they able to sim-ply listen in on any American’s phone conversations under this authority. That would be a violation of the pro-tections Congress has put in place under the provisions of the PATRIOT Act. Before an analyst at the NSA can 
even search for or query the database, they must go through even more con-trols, and these are important. To be granted the ability to search the data-base, the analyst must demonstrate to the FISA Court—the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court created by Congress for this purpose—that there is a reasonable, articulable suspicion that the phone number is associated with terrorism. 
This is similar—not the same but 
similar—in many respects to the pro-tections offered in a criminal case under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution where law enforcement agencies would have to come in and es-tablish probable cause that a crime has been committed before a search would be allowed. But since this is an inves-tigation into foreign-induced terrorist activity, the standard Congress set was a reasonable, articulable suspicion that the phone number is associated with terrorism. If the court determines that standard has been met, they can grant access to the conversation but not under any other circumstance. 
If the NSA believes the phone num-
ber belongs to someone who intends to attack our country, the Agency must go back to court another time to be granted other abilities to surveil that individual. 
In addition to these checks and bal-
ances between the National Security Agency and the courts, all three branches of government have oversight over this program. And strong over-sight of the intelligence community is absolutely essential to safeguarding our freedoms and our liberty. 
Because parts of this program are by 
and large classified, you are not going to hear public debates about it. Indeed, that puts defenders of the program at some disadvantage to those who attack it—sometimes in a misleading or de-ceptive sort of way—because it is very difficult to counter that with factual information when they are talking about a classified program, or parts of which are classified. It is important that our enemies don’t know exactly what we are doing because then they can wire around it. 
We live, of course, in a world with 
many threats, as I said, many of them in our backyard. Many of them can be thwarted with good intelligence and law enforcement. And I make that dis-tinction on purpose—intelligence and law enforcement. Law enforcement—as we learned with 9/11, we can’t just treat terrorism as a criminal act. It is a criminal act, but if we are going to stop it, we need access to good intel-ligence to thwart it before that act ac-tually occurs. It is not enough to say to the American people: Well, we will deploy all of the tools available to law enforcement to prosecute the person who murders innocent people. We need to keep the commitment to protect them from that innocent slaughter in the first place, and the only way we do that is by using legitimate tools of in-telligence, such as this program I am 
discussing. 
Earlier this year, for example, the 
United States frustrated a potential at-tack by a man from Ohio. He was an ISIS sympathizer and had plans to bomb the building we are standing in today, the U.S. Capitol. That potential attack was thwarted by the use of good intelligence under the limitations and strictures and procedures I described a moment ago. Over the past 2 years, the FBI has told us they have stopped 50 American citizens from traveling over-seas and joining the Islamic State and then coming back. So clearly the intel-ligence community has a vital role to play in safeguarding the American peo-ple in our homeland. 
Some in the intelligence community 
have said the bulk data collection I have described here briefly has led to a safer United States, and it is because of programs such as these that we are much better off than we were pre-9/11. That is very important because the last thing I would think we would want to do here in Congress is to return us to a pre-9/11 mentality when it comes to the threat of terrorism both abroad and here at home and to make it hard-er for our national security personnel to protect the American people. 
I believe the portion of the PATRIOT 
Act in question provides our intel-ligence community with the tools they need in order to effectively protect all Americans. 
I have been briefed on this program. 
We just had a briefing yesterday by the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, by the FBI Director, by DOJ personnel, and by the leader of the Na-tional Security Agency. It was held downstairs in a secure facility because, as I said, much of it was classified. Much of it we can’t talk about without alerting our adversaries to ways to cir-cumvent it. But all responsible Mem-bers of Congress have taken advantage of the opportunity to learn about how this program works as part of our over-sight responsibilities. 
I remain convinced that this pro-
gram, like many others, has helped to keep us safe while using appropriate checks and balances to ensure that our liberties remain intact. And Congress, by maintaining strong oversight of these and other government programs, can have a win-win situation that both protects American lives and protects American liberties. 
Mr. President, I want to draw my col-
leagues’ attention to an opinion piece that appeared today in the Wall Street Journal that was written by Michael B. Mukasey, who, of course, was a former U.S. district judge and more recently Attorney General of the United States from 2007 to 2009. General Mukasey writes in this article about the Second Circuit opinion that has prompted so much recent discussion about section 215 of the PATRIOT Act and the bulk metadata collection process I described a moment ago. I think he makes some very important points. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2824 May 13, 2015 
First of all, he makes the important 
point that it is a good thing Congress has created a special Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court because the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, no matter how good they are as judges, simply doesn’t have the experience to deal with parsing the law on intel-ligence matters and things such as this 215 provision I talked about a moment ago. 
He makes the important point that 
intelligence by its nature is forward- looking and our criminal justice sys-tem, which is what most courts have experience with, is backward-looking— in other words, something bad has al-ready happened and the police and in-vestigators and prosecutors are trying to bring somebody to justice for com-mitting a criminal act. But our intel-ligence community is supposed to look forward and to help prevent those ter-rible accidents or incidents from occur-ring in the first place. 
The second point General Mukasey 
makes in this article is that the Sec-ond Circuit panel of judges assumes that many Members of Congress are simply unaware of the provisions of the PATRIOT Act I mentioned earlier— section 215, this metadata collection— which is a terrible and glaring mistake 
on the part of the Second Circuit panel. 
As I pointed out yesterday, just as we 
have done many times previously, Members of the Senate and the Con-gress generally have regular or at least periodic briefings on these intelligence programs as part of our oversight re-sponsibilities. For the Second Circuit panel to suggest that Congress didn’t know what it was talking about when it authorized these programs and when it wrote this provision of the law is simply erroneous. 
The third point General Mukasey 
makes is that the judges didn’t even stop the program in the first place. So it makes one really wonder why they handed down their opinion about 3 weeks before the expiration of this pro-vision, when Congress is going to have to take up this matter anyway, unless they wanted to have some impact on our deliberations here. 
What Attorney General Mukasey 
suggested, I think, is good advice. There needs to be an appeal to the Sec-ond Circuit Court en banc and then to the U.S. Supreme Court to get a final word. We don’t need to settle on what he calls a ‘‘Rube Goldberg’’ procedure that would have data stored and searched by the telephone companies, he says, whose computers can be pene-trated and whose employees have nei-ther the security clearance nor the training of the NSA staff. 
Mr. President, I commend this article 
to my colleagues. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the New York Times, May 11, 2015] 
CLUES ON TWITTER SHOWTIESBETWEEN  
TEXAS GUNMAN AND ISIS N ETWORK  
(By Rukmini Callimachi) 
Hours before he drove into a Texas parking 
lot last week and opened fire with an assault rifle outside a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest, Elton Simpson, 30, logged onto Twitter. 
‘‘Follow @ lAbuHu55ain,’’ Mr. Simpson 
posted, promoting a Twitter account be-lieved to belong to Junaid Hussain, a young computer expert from Birmingham, England, who moved to Syria two years ago to join the Islamic State and has become one of the extremist group’s celebrity hackers. 
This seemingly routine shout-out is an in-
triguing clue to the question of whether the gunmen, Mr. Simpson and Nadir Soofi, 34, both of Phoenix, were acting in concert with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, in carrying out an attack outside a community center in Garland, Tex. The Is-lamic State said two days later that the two men, who were killed by officers after open-ing fire, were ‘‘soldiers of the Caliphate.’’ It was the first time that the terror group had tried to claim credit for an operation carried out in its name on American soil. 
As the gunmen were driving toward the 
Curtis Culwell Center, Mr. Hussain logged onto Twitter himself from half a world away, firing off a series of posts in the hour before the attack began at 7 p.m. on May 3. One message posted to his account about 5:45 p.m. seemed to predict imminent violence: ‘‘The knives have been sharpened, soon we will come to your streets with death and slaughter!’’ 
After the attack, Mr. Hussain was in the 
first wave of people who praised the gunmen, before his account was suspended. 
Law enforcement officials have not pre-
sented any conclusive evidence that the Is-lamic State planned or directed the attack. Yet Mr. Simpson appears to have been part of a network of Islamic State adherents in several countries, including the group’s hub in Syria, who have encouraged attacks and highlighted the Texas event as a worthy tar-get. 
Counterterrorism officials say the case 
shows how the Islamic State and its sup-porters use social media to cheerlead for at-tacks without engaging in the secret train-ing, plotting and control that has long char-acterized Al Qaeda. But a close look at Mr. Simpson’s Twitter connections shows that he had developed a notable online relation-ship with some of the Islamic State’s best- known promoters on the Internet, and that they actively encouraged such acts of terror. 
Speaking of the Texas case last week, 
James B. Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said the distinction between an attack ‘‘inspired’’ by a foreign terrorist group and one ‘‘directed’’ by the group ‘‘is breaking down.’’ 
‘‘It’s not a useful framework,’’ he added. Mr. Simpson was radicalized years before 
the Islamic State announced in 2014 that it was creating a caliphate, a unified land for Muslims, and drew global attention for terri-torial gains and brutal violence. He was in-vestigated by the F.B.I. starting in 2006 and was sentenced to probation in 2011 for lying to investigators. But like many young Mus-lims drawn by the sensational image of the Islamic State, he enthusiastically joined its virtual community of supporters. 
An analysis of Mr. Simpson’s Twitter ac-
count by the SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks extremist statements, found that Mr. Simpson followed more than 400 other ac-counts, including ‘‘hardcore I.S. fighters from around the world.’’ They included an alleged British fighter for the Islamic State, known as Abu Abdullah Britani, who accord-
ing to SITE is believed to be Abu Rahin Aziz, a radical British national who skipped bail to join the terror group. They also included an alleged American fighter called Abu Khalid Al-Amriki and numerous female Is-lamic State jihadists. 
Many of Mr. Simpson’s posts announced 
the new Twitter handles of Islamic State members whose accounts the social media company had suspended, messages com-monly called ‘‘shout-outs.’’ 
‘‘He was taking part in shout-outs of ISIS 
accounts that were previously suspended, and this shows a pretty deep involvement in the network online,’’ says J. M. Berger, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and co-author of a book about the Islamic State. ‘‘He was wired into a legitimate for-eign fighters network.’’ 
Starting last fall, the Islamic State has re-
peatedly called for attacks in the West by supporters with no direct connection to its core leadership, and there have been at least six attacks in Europe, Canada and Australia by gunmen who appeared to have been in-spired by the group. Each attacker left an online trail similar to that of Mr. Simpson, though not all were in contact with Islamic State operatives in Syria. 
A review of Mr. Simpson’s Twitter account 
shows that he interacted not just with sym-pathizers of the Islamic State, but also with fighters believed to be in Syria and Africa. Some of these fighters later posted on Twit-ter details of Mr. Simpson’s biography not yet in the public sphere, suggesting that he had shared details about his life with them. 
‘‘The thing that clearly stands out if you 
peruse the Texas shooter’s timeline is his third to last tweet,’’ the one promoting Mr. Hussain, said Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a senior fellow who researches extremism at the Foundation for the Defense of Democ-racies and who shared a PDF of Mr. Simp-son’s Twitter history. 
Veryan Khan, who helps run the Terrorism 
Research and Analysis Consortium, said that Mr. Simpson probably urged others to follow Mr. Hussain in order to draw broader atten-tion to his forthcoming attack. ‘‘He wanted to make sure everyone in those circles knew what he’d done,’’ she said. ‘‘It was attention- seeking—that’s what it looks like,’’ added Ms. Khan, whose organization tracks some 5,000 Islamic State figures and supporters. 
While still living in Birmingham, Mr. 
Hussain rose to notoriety as a hacker work-ing under the screen name Tr1Ck, and he was believed to be a core member of what was called TeaM p0isoN. The team claimed a string of high profile cyberattacks, hacking into a Scotland Yard conference call on com-bating hackers and posting Facebook up-dates to the pages of its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, and former President Nicolas Sarkozy of France. 
Mr. Hussain was eventually arrested, and 
he served a six-month prison sentence before traveling to Syria. He has since been linked to a number of Islamic State hacking at-tacks overseas, though some security offi-cials have doubts about his role. 
Another well-known promoter of the Is-
lamic State who engaged with Mr. Simpson was a jihadist known on Twitter as Mujahid Miski, believed to be Mohamed Abdullahi Hassan, a Somali-American from Minnesota. Though Mr. Hassan lives in Somalia, he has emerged as an influential recruiter for the group. 
On April 23, the account Mujahid Miski 
shared a link on Twitter to a listing for the Muhammad cartoon contest and goaded his followers to attack it. ‘‘The brothers from the Charlie Hebdo attack did their part. It’s time for brothers in the #US to do their part,’’ he wrote. Among the nine people who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.014 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2825 May 13, 2015 
retweeted his call to violence, according to 
SITE, was Mr. Simpson. 
Three days later, Mr. Simpson reached out 
to Mujahid Miski on Twitter, asking him to message him privately. Whether they actu-ally communicated, or what they may have said, is not publicly known. Minutes before Mr. Simpson arrived at the cartoon event in Garland and began shooting, he went on Twitter one last time to link the attack to the Islamic State. ‘‘The bro with me and my-self have given bay’ah to Amirul Mu’mineem,’’ he wrote, using the vocabulary of the Islamic State to say that they had given an oath of allegiance to the Emir of the Believers—the leader of the Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. 
‘‘May Allah accept us as mujahedeen,’’ he 
wrote, adding the hashtag ‘‘#TexasAttack.’’ 
Among those who retweeted this last post 
was Mr. Hussain, the Islamic State hacker in Syria. ‘‘Allahu Akbar!!!!’’ he wrote. ‘‘2 of our brothers just opened fire at the Prophet Mu-hammad (s.a.w) art exhibition in Texas!’’ he added, using the Arabic abbreviation for ‘‘peace be upon him.’’ 
After Mr. Simpson’s death, Mujahid Miski 
tweeted a series of posts, calling Mr. Simp-son ‘‘Mutawakil,’’ ‘‘One who has faith,’’ a variation on Mr. Simpson’s Twitter handle, ‘‘Atawaakul,’’ meaning ‘‘To have faith.’’ 
‘‘I’m gonna miss Mutawakil,’’ Mujahid 
Miski wrote. ‘‘He was truly a man of wisdom. I’m gonna miss his greeting every morning on twitter.’’ 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 12, 2015] 
IMPEDING THE FIGHT AGAINST TERROR  
THE APPEALS -COURT RULING ON SURVEILLANCE  
WILL HAVE DAMAGING CONSEQUENCES IF  
OBAMA DOESN ’T APPEAL  
(By Michael B. Mukasey) 
Usually, the only relevant objections to a 
judicial opinion concern errors of law and fact. Not so with a federal appeals court rul-ing on May 7 invalidating the National Secu-rity Agency’s bulk collection of telephone metadata under the USA Patriot Act. 
Not that the ruling by the three-judge 
panel of the Second Circuit in New York lacks for errors of law and fact. The panel found that when the Patriot Act, passed in the aftermath of 9/11, permitted the govern-ment to subpoena business records ‘‘rel-evant’’ to an authorized investigation, the statute couldn’t have meant bulk telephone metadata—consisting of every calling num-ber, called number, and the date and length of every call. 
That ends up subpoenaing everything, the 
panel reasoned, and what is ‘‘relevant’’ is necessarily a subset of everything. In aid of this argument the panel summons not only the dictionary definition of an investigation, but also the law that relates to a grand-jury subpoena in a criminal case, which limits the government to ‘‘relevant’’ information. 
Yet the judicial panel failed to consider 
the purpose of the statute it was analyzing. The Patriot Act concerns intelligence gath-ering, which is forward-looking and nec-essarily requires a body of data from which potentially useful information about events in the planning stage may be gathered. A grand jury investigation, by contrast, is backward-looking, and requires only limited data relating to past events. A base of data from which to gather intelligence is at least arguably ‘‘relevant’’ to an authorized intel-ligence investigation. 
Equally serious an error is the panel’s sug-
gestion that many, perhaps most, members of Congress were unaware of the NSA’s bulk metadata collection when they repeatedly reauthorized the statute, most recently in 2011. The judges suggest that an explanation of the program was available only in ‘‘secure locations, for a limited time period and 
under a number of restrictions.’’ In addition to being given briefing papers, lawmakers had available live briefings, including from the directors of the FBI and the National In-telligence office. 
In any event, no case until the judicial 
panel’s ruling last week has ever held that a federal tribunal may engage in telepathic hallucination to figure out whether a statute has the force of law. 
The panel adds that because the program 
was highly classified, Congress didn’t have the benefit of public debate. Which is to say, no truly authorized secret intelligence-gath-ering effort can exist unless we let in on the secret those from and about whom the intel-ligence is to be gathered. Overlooked in this exertion is the Founders’ foresight about the need for secrecy—expressed in the body of the Constitution in the requirement that each legislative house publish a journal of its proceedings ‘‘excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy.’’ 
But isn’t the misbegotten ruling by this 
trio of federal judges correctable on appeal? Or won’t it be made moot because the Pa-triot Act must be reauthorized by June 1 and Congress will either enact substitute legisla-tion, or let the statute lapse, or simply reau-thorize it with full knowledge of how the program works? Here the Second Circuit’s opinion is problematic in ways not imme-diately apparent. 
The judges didn’t reverse the lower-court 
opinion upholding the NSA data-collection program and order the program stopped. Rather, the panel simply vacated that opin-ion and sent the case back to the lower court to decide whether it is necessary to stop the program now. By rendering its order in a non-final form, the panel made it less likely that the Supreme Court would hear the case even if asked, because the justices generally won’t take up issues that arise from non- final orders. 
Moreover, the opinion tries to head off the 
argument that if Congress reauthorizes the Patriot Act in its current form, lawmakers will have endorsed the metadata program. The panel writes: ‘‘If Congress fails to reau-thorize Section 215 itself, or re-enacts Sec-tion 215 without expanding it to authorize the telephone metadata program, there will be no need for prospective relief, since the program will end.’’ That is, unless Congress adopts the panel’s view of what Congress has done, rather than its own view of what it has done, the program must end. 
Then there is the opinion’s timing. The 
case was argued eight months ago. This opin-ion, or one like it, easily could have been published in time for orderly review by the Supreme Court so the justices could weigh matters arguably critical to the nation’s se-curity. Or the panel could have followed the example of the D.C. Circuit and the Ninth Circuit—which have had cases involving the NSA’s surveillance program pending for months—and refrained from issuing an opin-ion that could have no effect other than to insert the views of judges into the delibera-tions of the political branches. 
What to do? An administration firmly 
committed to preserving all surveillance tools in a world that now includes al Qaeda, Islamic State and many other terror groups, would seek a quick a review by the Supreme Court. But President Obama has already stated his willingness to end bulk collection of metadata by the government. Instead, he wants to rely on a Rube Goldberg procedure that would have the data stored and searched by the telephone companies (whose 
computers can be penetrated and whose em-ployees have neither the security clearance nor the training of NSA staff). 
The government, under Mr. Obama’s plan, 
would be obliged to scurry to court for per-mission to examine the data, and then to 
each telephone company in turn, with no re-quirement that the companies retain data and thus no guarantee that it would even be there. These constitute burdens on national security with no meaningful privacy protec-tion. 
The president’s plan would make pro-
tecting national security more difficult. We would all have been better off if the Second Circuit panel had avoided needless complica-tion and instead emulated the judicial mod-esty of their Ninth Circuit and D.C. Circuit colleagues. 
Mr. CORNYN. I yield the floor to the 
majority leader. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 1 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 80, the nomination of Sally Yates to be Deputy Attorney General; that there be 1 hour for debate, equally di-vided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Sen-ate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tion; that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motion be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session and the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here today for the 99th time to re-mind us that we are sleepwalking our way to a climate catastrophe, and that it is time to wake up. 
NOAA, the National Oceanic and At-
mospheric Administration of the United States, recently announced an ominous milestone. This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average of CO
2in our atmos-
phere exceeded 400 parts per million. This chart shows the global concentra-tion of carbon dioxide over the last few years as measured by NOAA. The level varies with the seasons. The Earth sort of inhales and exhales carbon dioxide as the seasons pass. But overall, we can see the steady prominent upward march of CO
2levels, rising right here 
to above 400 parts per million for the month of March 2015. 
Scientists at NOAA’s Mauna Loa Ob-
servatory in Hawaii first measured an atmospheric concentration of CO
2 
above 400 parts per million in 2013—for the very first time. It reached up and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.001 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2826 May 13, 2015 
touched 400 parts per million for the 
first time and then receded again. Now, 2 years later, as we continue dumping carbon pollution into the atmosphere, the average weekly air sample from NOAA’s entire global network of sam-pling stations measured an average—a month-long average—of 400 parts per million for the entire month of March. That is a daunting marker. 
Global carbon concentrations haven’t 
been this high for at least 800,000 years, much longer—much longer—than hu-mankind has walked the Earth. Every year, that concentration increases. 
The fact that increasing levels of car-
bon in the atmosphere warm the planet has been established science for 150 years. Science on this was being pub-lished in scientific journals when Abra-ham Lincoln in his top hat was walk-ing around Washington. We have pumped more and more carbon pollu-tion into the atmosphere, and we have measured corresponding changes in global temperatures. 
Now, there is some mischief afoot, 
people who cherry-pick the data to cre-ate false impressions—to create false doubt. Well, the honest thing to do is to look at all of the data. When we look at all of the data, we see long- term warming. We see warming so ob-vious that scientists call the evidence unequivocal—unequivocal. That is about as strong a science word as we can have. 
Evidence of the changing climate, 
the consequences of unchecked carbon pollution, abounds: more extreme weather, rising sea levels, and warming and acidifying oceans—all as predicted. These changes are already starting to hurt people, through more severe heat waves, parched fields, flooded towns and homes, altered ecosystems, and threatened fisheries. We have certainly seen the fisheries change at home in my State of Rhode Island. We are al-ready starting to pay the price of our continued and reckless burning of fos-sil fuels. 
Dr. James Butler, the Director of 
NOAA’s Global Monitoring Division, says: 
Elimination of about 80 percent of fossil 
fuel emissions would essentially stop the rise in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, but concentrations of carbon dioxide would not start decreasing until even further reduc-tions are made. 
We need to cut our use of fossil fuels, 
we need to cut energy waste, and we need to generate more of our energy from clean and renewable sources. We need to do it, and we can do it. We have the technologies and the policies avail-able right now. We can choose to level the playing field for clean energy, to make polluters pay for the climate costs of their pollution, and to move forward to a low-carbon economy—the one with the green jobs, with the American innovation, with the safer climate. But we are not going to get there with business as usual. 
That brings me to the fast-track 
trade bill, which, I am glad to say, failed its procedural vote in the Senate 
this week—a bill that would make it easier for the administration to com-mit the United States to new sweeping trade agreements. 
The first agreement waiting to get 
through is the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—some call it the TPP—which is being sold as ‘‘a trade deal for the 21st century.’’ But when it comes to cli-mate change, the fast-track bill and the Pacific trade bill aren’t 21st cen-tury solutions. They are business as usual. 
Past trade deals have not been kind 
to workers in Rhode Island. I have been to Rhode Island factories and seen the holes in the floor where machinery had been unbolted and shipped to other countries for foreign workers to per-form the same job for the same cus-tomers on the same machines. That is what we saw from trade bills. The trade advocates always say it is going to be wonderful, but then what do we see? Jobs offshored again and a huge trade deficit. 
Past U.S. trade deals have required 
participating countries to join some multilateral environmental agree-ments, including agreements to protect endangered species, whales, and tuna; to help keep the oceans free of pollu-tion; and to protect the ozone layer by reducing the use of HFCs and other ozone-depleting gases. But I haven’t seen much enforcement, and every-where we look things are getting worse. I am not impressed. 
When it comes to climate change, the 
fast-track bill is silent. There is no mention of, let alone protection for, commitments the United States and other countries might make to cut car-bon pollution. 
The United Nations Framework Con-
vention on Climate Change is the main international agreement for dealing with climate change. The Senate rati-fied this treaty in 1992, and since then, under various administrations, the United States has taken a leading role under the framework to reach global accord and, particularly, to work to reach a global accord in Paris later this winter. The Paris accord is per-haps our last best hope to put the world on a path that avoids severe cli-mate disruption, even climate catas-trophe. 
That fast-track bill and the Pacific 
trade bill ought to enable and support our trade partners to live up to their climate agreement. Those bills ought to protect countries that act to address climate change. In particular, they ought to protect them from the threat of trade sanctions or from corporate challenges seeking to undermine sov-ereign countries’ climate laws. 
These 21st century agreements on 
trade ought to match our 21st century commitments on climate, but they don’t. Fast-track is silent on the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and on climate change more broadly. Fast-track pro-vides no protection for our own or any other country’s climate commitments. 
And we have heard nothing to suggest the Pacific trade bill will be any bet-ter. 
What we do know about the Pacific 
trade bill is not encouraging. The Pa-cific trade bill, in its agreement under negotiation as we see it now, includes the horrible investor-state dispute set-tlement mechanism, called ISDS, a mechanism that allows big multi-national corporations and their inves-tors to challenge a country’s domestic rules and regulations—outside of that country’s judicial process, outside of any traditional judicial process, out-side of appeal, outside of traditional ju-dicial baseline principles such as prece-dent. 
Increasingly, these ISDS challenges 
are being turned against countries’ en-vironmental and public health stand-ards. Fossil fuel companies such as Chevron and ExxonMobil have brought hundreds of disputes against almost 100 governments when those governments’ policies threaten corporate profits. In fact, more than 85 percent of the more than $3 billion awarded to corporations and investors in disputes have come from challenges against natural re-source, energy, and environmental policies. 
Last week, on the floor I compared 
the Big Tobacco playbook—that is the one that was found by a Federal court to be a civil racketeering enterprise— to the fossil fuel industry’s scheme to undermine climate action in the United States. 
The comparisons are self-evident. 
Well, the tobacco industry is in on the trade challenge game as well, chal-lenging countries’ antismoking meas-ures under the guise of protecting free trade. 
If a country wants new health or en-
vironmental rules, big multinationals can use this ISDS process to thwart them. They don’t necessarily even have to bring the challenge. Just threat-ening to seek extrajudicial judgments in the millions or even billions of dol-lars from panels stacked with cor-porate lawyers can be enough to make countries stop protecting the health of their citizens. We have seen the pol-luters use these tools already. This is not conjecture. It is what is happening. 
Why open U.S. climate regulations to 
this risk? Why put our commitment to climate action at the mercy of these sketchy panels? What will keep the fos-sil fuel industry from threatening smaller countries in Paris to discour-age them from climate accords? Where are the safeguards? Why should we ac-cept trade deals that do not keep safe from that kind of threat a country’s le-gitimate efforts to control carbon pol-lution? Why give the polluters this club? 
It is not news to Congress that the 
fossil fuel industry does not play fair; it plays rough. We see that every day. The fossil fuel industry has used Citi-zens United to beat and cajole the Re-publican Party in Congress into becom-ing the political arm of the fossil fuel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.021 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2827 May 13, 2015 
industry. The party that brought us 
Theodore Roosevelt, the party that brought us the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, the party of my prede-cessor, John Chafee, who is still re-vered across Rhode Island as an envi-ronmentalist, has now become the po-litical arm of the fossil fuel industry. It is not its high point in history. It is a party that lines up behind climate denial. 
If the fossil fuel industry is willing to 
impose its will that way on the Con-gress, why would we trust them with this ISDS mechanism to threaten and bully governments around the rest of the world? 
A 21st-century trade deal ought to 
acknowledge the 21st-century reality of climate change. We have right now the technology and the ingenuity to ad-dress this problem and to boost our economy into the future. For the first time in years, we have international momentum to address this threat. But it does not make sense to act on cli-mate change in Paris and undermine climate action in our trade deals. We need to wake up to that little problem, too. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF SALLY YATES  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
would like to share some thoughts on the nomination of Ms. Sally Yates to be Deputy Attorney General. That is the second in command at the U.S. De-partment of Justice. It is a very impor-tant position. She has had over the years a good background in general for us to consider that she would be able to handle that job in an effective way. She understands the system. She has been at the Department of Justice for a number of years. I have no concern with her personal integrity or work ethic or her desire to do well. 
However, Congress and the executive 
branch are on a collision course here. A lot of our Members choose not to think sufficiently about it or consider the gravity of it, but I have to say that Congress needs to defend its institu-tional powers. We have certain powers we can use to defend constitutionally the responsibilities we have and to re-ject executive overreach—not many, but we have some real powers we can use. 
Apparently, it is all right for the 
President to use all his powers and more. It is perfectly all right, I sug-gest, that we in the Senate use the powers we clearly and unequivocally and indisputably have. 
I want to tell you how I see the situa-
tion with this nomination. I asked her directly at her confirmation hearing, as a member of the Judiciary com-
mittee, could she answer yes or no—did she think that the President’s Execu-tive amnesty is legal and constitu-tional. Basically, she said yes, she did. She answered that she has been ‘‘serv-ing as the Acting Deputy Attorney General of the Department of Justice. And the Department of Justice is cur-rently litigating this matter.’’ She fur-ther stated that ‘‘the Department of Justice has filed pleadings with its po-sition and I stand by those pleadings,’’ which I suppose she should. 
Two things about that. Historically, 
the Attorney General of the United States understands that their role is different from a lower official, but in-deed they have to advise the President on matters of constitutional authority and tell the President no when a strong-willed President wants to do something that is not correct. 
They are not a judicial officer; they 
are part of the executive branch. They should try to help the President achieve things the President wants to achieve as a matter of policy. I do not dispute that. But at some point, if the President is seeking to do clearly un-constitutional or illegal, they should tell the President so and not acquiesce, in my opinion. The honorable thing to do, as has been done in the past, is to resign. But if an Attorney General is firm and clear and stands in a firm po-sition, then often the President will back down and avoid a constitutional crisis and keep our government going in the right way. 
The Deputy Attorney General is the 
Department’s second-ranking official and functions as its chief operating of-ficer. The 25 components and 93 U.S. attorneys—I was a U.S. attorney for 12 years, 15 years at the Department of Justice; I am proud of that service and proud of the Department of Justice— they report directly to the Deputy, and 13 additional components report to the Deputy through the Associate Attor-ney General. So, on a daily basis, the Deputy Attorney General decides a broad range of legal, policy, and oper-ational issues. 
Ms. Yates, I suggest, is a high rank-
ing official who holds a position—un-like a U.S. attorney or some section chief—who is involved in the policy-making of the Department of Justice. In addition to that, the litigation going on in Texas before Judge Andrew Hanen is under her direct supervision, and she is monitoring the lawyers who are advocating a position that is op-posed by a majority of the State attor-neys general of the United States. A majority of them have filed a lawsuit, and they contend that the President’s Executive amnesty—an even more dra-matic assertion of Executive power than his original amnesty in 2012—is contrary to the law and Constitution. She is direct supervisor over that liti-gation. 
On April 7 of this year, Judge Andrew 
Hanen issued a blistering opinion in the litigation that is ongoing that the Justice Department attorneys had 
made ‘‘multiple misrepresentations’’ to the court ‘‘both in writing and orally that no action would be taken pursuant to the 2014 DHS Directive until Feb-ruary 18, 2015.’’ 
I would like to read some of the com-
ments from the judge’s opinion. Judges take this seriously; they are not just saying these things for fun. 
Judge Hanen said this: 
Whether by ignorance, omission, purpose-
ful misdirection, or because they were mis-led by their clients, the attorneys for the Government misrepresented the facts. 
He didn’t say that lightly. When U.S. 
attorneys and other Federal prosecu-tors appear in court, they have an ab-solute duty to tell the truth. It is a re-sponsibility that every judge knows and every government attorney knows. When a government attorney goes into court and they are asked whether they are ready, they reply: The United States is ready, Your Honor. They have a duty to respond consistently with the integrity of the United States of Amer-ica. We all know that. 
In this case, the government lawyers 
asserted that: 
No applications for the revised DACA 
would be accepted until the 18th of February, and that no action would be taken on any of those applications until March the 4th. 
Regarding this, Judge Hanen said: 
This representation was made even as the 
Government was in the process of granting over 100,000 three-year renewals under the re-vised DACA. 
It goes on: 
In response to this representation, counsel 
for the States agreed to a schedule more fa-vorable to the Government, and the Court granted the Government’s request not only to file a sur-reply, but also to have addi-tional time to do so. The States now argue that they would have sought a temporary re-straining order, but for the Government’s misrepresentations. A review of the Chro-nology of Events, attached as an appendix to this Order, certainly lends credence to the States’ claims. 
That is a pretty serious allegation. 
Not only did they misrepresent key facts, but they used that misrepresen-tation to achieve a favorable schedule, which often in litigation is important. 
The judge goes on to say: 
The explanation by Defendants’ counsel for 
their conduct after the fact is even more troublesome for the Court. Counsel told the Court during its latest hearing that she was unaware that these 2014 DACA amendments were at issue until she read the Court’s Feb-ruary 16, 2015 Order of Temporary Injunction and Memorandum Opinion and Order. Coun-sel then claimed that the Government took ‘‘prompt’’ remedial action. This assertion is belied by the facts. Even if one were to as-sume that counsel was unaware that the 2014 DACA amendments in their entirety were at issue until reading this Court’s February Opinion, the factual scenario still does not suggest candor on the part of the Govern-ment. 
Government counsel have an abso-
lute duty of candor to the court. That is a serious charge by the Federal judge. 
It goes on: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.023 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2828 May 13, 2015 
The February Opinion was issued late in 
the evening on February 16, 2015 (based on the representation that ‘‘nothing’’ would happen on DAPA or revised DACA until at least February 18, 2015). As the February Opinion was finalized and filed at night, counsel could not have been expected to re-view it until the next day; yet, for the next two weeks, the Government did nothing to inform the Court of the 108,081 revised DACA approvals. Instead, less than a week later, on February 23, 2015, the Government filed a Motion to Stay and a Notice of Appeal. De-spite having had almost a week to disclose the truth—or correct any omission, mis-understanding, confusion, or misrepresenta-tion—the Government did not act promptly; instead it again did nothing. Surely, an advi-sory to this Court (or even to the Court of Appeals) could have been included in either document filed during this time period. Yet, counsel for the Government said nothing. 
So the court goes on: 
Mysteriously, what was included in the 
Government’s February 23, 2015 Motion to Stay was a request that this Court rule on the Motion ‘‘by the close of business on Wednesday, February 25. . . . ’’—in other words, within two days. Had the Court com-plied with this request, it would have cut off the States’ right to file any kind of reply. If this Court had ruled according to the Gov-ernment’s requested schedule, it would have ruled without the Court or the States know-ing that the Government had granted 108,081 applications pursuant to the revised DACA despite its multiple representations to the contrary. 
The attorneys were telling the Court 
they had not granted any of these ap-plications and had stopped it while, in fact, over 108,000 applications had been issued. 
The court goes on to say: 
While this Court is skeptical that the Gov-
ernment’s attorneys could have reasonably believed that the DACA amendments con-tained in the 2014 DHS Directive were not at issue prior to the injunction hearing on Jan-uary 15, 2015, this Court finds it even less 
conceivable that the Government could have thought so after the January 15, 2015 hear-ing, given the interplay between the Court and counsel at that hearing. Regardless, by their own admission, the Government’s law-yers knew about it at least as of February 17, 2015. Yet, they stood silent. Even worse, they urged this Court to rule before disclosing that the Government had already issued 108,081 three-year renewals under the 2014 DACA amendments despite their statements to the contrary. 
The judge goes on to say: 
Another week passed after the Motion to 
Stay was filed and still the Government stood mute . . . Still, the Government’s law-yers were silent . . . Finally, after waiting two weeks, and after the States had filed their reply, the Government lawyers filed their Advisory that same night at 6:57 p.m. CST. Thus, even under the most charitable interpretation of these circumstances, and based solely upon what counsel for the Gov-ernment told the Court, the Government knew its representations had created ‘‘confu-sion,’’ but kept quiet about it for two weeks while simultaneously pressing this Court to rule on the merits of its motion. At the March 19, 2015 hearing, counsel for the Gov-ernment repeatedly stated to the Court that they had acted ‘‘promptly’’ to clarify any ‘‘confusion’’ they may have caused. But the facts clearly show these statements to be disingenuous. The Government did anything but act ‘‘promptly’’ to clarify the Govern-ment-created ‘‘confusion.’’ The judge goes on to quote the rules 
of professional conduct: 
The ABA Model Rules of Professional Con-
duct . . . require a lawyer to act with com-plete candor in his or her dealings with the Court. Under these rules of conduct, a lawyer must be completely truthful and forthright in making representations to the Court. Fab-rications, misstatements, half-truths, artful omissions, and the failure to correct misstatements may be acceptable, albeit lamentable, in other aspects of life; but in the courtroom, when an attorney knows that both the Court and the other side are relying on complete frankness, such conduct is unac-ceptable. 
I don’t think that is a little matter. 
I am just saying this nominee had those lawyers under her supervision at the time this occurred. We have had a lot of talk over the years from Demo-crats and Republicans about demand-ing higher standards of professionalism among government prosecutors and lawyers. I think that is a legitimate demand. We have had too many exam-ples of failures. 
Sometimes lawyers—I have seen it— 
for the government have been unfairly criticized. I don’t think there is any dispute that the judge’s findings in this case represent an accurate statement of the misrepresentations and disingen-uousness of these attorneys. 
Has any discipline been undertaken 
against them? I am not saying Ms. Yates knew this. I am just saying that if you are the responsible supervisor, shouldn’t you take some action to deal with it, and to my knowledge, none has been taken, even at some point the De-partment of Justice suggested they did nothing wrong. 
Basically, the Department of Justice 
has said the court is incorrect in its finding, which I don’t think can be jus-tified. 
On May 7, 2015, the Department of 
Justice notified the court of an addi-tional misrepresentation regarding ap-proximately 2,000 individuals being granted three-year work authoriza-tions subsequent to this opinion and in violation of the original court order. 
OK. So you say, well, maybe she is 
not responsible for that, but I do be-lieve the Deputy Attorney General— acting now—is responsible for taking action against attorneys who breached the proper standards of ethical con-duct. But we are drifting too far, in my opinion, into a postmodern world, where rules don’t seem to make much difference. You can just redefine the meaning of words and you can just say—once caught in some wrong-doing—well, we didn’t mean it or that is not correct or the facts are different, when the facts show what the facts show. It is an unhealthy trend in this country, I think. It is particularly un-acceptable in the Department of Jus-tice. That was a great department. It has high standards. It is filled with many of the best lawyers of the highest integrity anywhere in the world, but sloppy work and disingenuousness can-not be acceptable. I believe the Depart-ment of Justice needs to do more, and the primary responsibility, it seems to 
me, is with the Deputy Attorney Gen-eral. 
Well, what about the fundamental 
problem of Congress’s power to deal with a President who overreaches, a President who makes law rather than enforces law? We learned in elementary school that Congress makes law and the President enforces law. The Chief Executive cannot make up law. He can-not issue decrees and then declare they are the law of the land. How funda-mental is that? 
Professor Jonathan Turley at George 
Washington University Law School is a constitutional expert and a supporter of President Obama. He testified before our Judiciary Committee, and other committees, a number of times over the years, mostly for the Democrats, I think—at least from the times I re-member. This is what Professor Turley has warned Congress about. 
I urge colleagues to understand what 
we are considering here. He said: 
I believe the President has exceeded his 
brief. The president is required to faithfully execute the laws. He’s not required to en-force all laws equally or commit the same resources through them. But I believe the President has crossed the constitutional line in some of these areas. 
Here he is referring to the original 
DACA. He said: 
This goes to the very heart of what is the 
Madisonian system. If a president can unilat-erally change the meaning of laws in sub-stantial ways or refuse to enforce them, it takes offline that very thing that stabilizes our system. I believe the members will loathe the day that they allow this to hap-pen. 
He is testifying before the House of 
Representatives and talking directly to Members of Congress. He said that you will loathe the day that you allowed this to happen. 
He also said: 
This will not be our last president. There 
will be more presidents who will claim the same authority. 
He further said: 
The problem of what the President is doing 
is that he is not simply posing a danger to the constitutional system; he is becoming the very danger the Constitution was de-signed to avoid: that is, the concentration of power in a single branch. This Newtonian orbit that the three branches exist in is a delicate one, but it is designed to prevent this type of concentration. 
That is what Professor Turley said to 
the Members of the House of Rep-resentatives. He goes on to say: 
We are creating a new system here, some-
thing that is not what was designed. We have this rising fourth branch in a system that is tripartite. The center of gravity is shifting, and that makes it unstable. And within that system, you have the rise of an uber presi-dency. There could be no greater danger for individual liberty, and I really think that the framers would be horrified by that shift because everything they’ve dedicated them-selves to was creating this orbital balance, and we’ve lost it. 
We need to listen to this. The Presi-
dent is issuing orders that nullify law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.024 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2829 May 13, 2015 
actually creating an entirely new sys-
tem of immigration that Congress re-jected. He proposed all of this, and Con-gress flatly refused to pass it. He then declares he has the power to do this system anyway, and he is doing it. This judge has finally stopped part of it for the moment. 
Professor Turley is talking about 
deep constitutional questions and what our duty is here. It is not a question of what you believe about immigration or how you should believe the laws are to be written or enforced. We can debate that. But there should be unanimous agreement on both sides of the aisle that the President enforce the laws we have—the laws duly passed by Con-gress—and not create some new law and enforce them. 
Mr. Turley goes on to say: 
I believe that [Congress] is facing a critical 
crossroads in terms of its continued rel-evance in this process. What this body can-not become is a debating society where it can issue rules and laws that are either com-plied with or not complied with by the presi-dent. . . . [A] president cannot ignore an ex-press statement on policy grounds. . . . Is this [Congress] truly the body that existed when it was formed? Does it have the same gravitational pull and authority that was given to it by the framers? 
That is what Mr. Turley says. Then 
he looks directly at the Members of Congress and says: 
You’re the keepers of this authority. You 
took an oath to uphold it. And the framers assumed that you would have the institu-tional wherewithal, and, frankly, ambition to defend the turf that is the legislative branch. 
I think that is a legitimate charge to 
the Members of Congress—House and Senate. 
Professor Turley goes on to say: 
The current passivity of Congress rep-
resents a crisis for members, crisis of faith for members willing to see a president as-sume legislative powers in exchange for insu-lar policy gains. The short term insular vic-tories achieved by this president will come at a prohibitive cost if the balance is not corrected. Constitutional authority is easy to lose in the transient shift to politics. It’s far more difficult to regain. If a passion for the Constitution does not motivate members of Congress, perhaps a sense of self-preserva-tion will be enough to unify members. Presi-dent Obama will not be our last president. However, these acquired powers will be passed on to his successors. When that oc-curs, members may loathe the day that they remain silent as the power of government shifted so radically to the chief executive. The powerful personality that engendered this loyalty will be gone, but the powers will remain. We are now at the Constitutional tipping point of our system. If balance is to be reestablished, it must begin before this president leaves office, and that will likely require every possible means to reassert leg-islative authority. 
What is our authority? How do we re-
assert power? I believe it is perfectly constitutionally appropriate for us to tell the President of the United States: We are not going to confirm your nominee for Deputy Attorney General of the United States, who is directly supervising the lawsuits, the litigation that is going on that undermines our power and undermines the constitu-
tional authority of the people’s branch. 
We are not going to confirm them 
and allow them to continue to go to court every day and take a position di-rectly contrary to the authority that has been given by the Constitution to the Congress. That is pretty simple. So we have that power. We can confirm or not confirm any nominee to any posi-tion. We absolutely should not abuse that power. We shouldn’t attack people personally and attack their ethics just because we disagree with their policies. 
I think Ms. Yates, as I said, is a re-
sponsible person, but she is the point person, the supervisor of a litigation that has gone awry in a number of ways in Texas and fundamentally is seeking to advance an unconstitutional power by the Chief Executive. I don’t believe it is a little matter. I think it is a big matter. Therefore, I will not vote for her confirmation on that basis. 
Some of our Members haven’t 
thought this through yet, but sooner or later we are going to have to confront the stark question of how long can we remain effectively silent in the face of Presidential overreach. 
Professor Turley, in January of this 
year testified before the Senate Judici-ary Committee during the confirma-tion hearing for the Attorney General nominee, and added these words: ‘‘If there is an alternative in unilateral ex-ecutive action, the legislative process becomes purely optional and discre-tionary.’’ 
In other words, if the Chief Executive 
can execute an alternative power to pass laws and execute policies he wants if they are contrary to Congress’s will, then the legislative process becomes purely optional and discretionary. It has to be mandatory. It can’t be that our power is optional. 
He goes on to say: 
The real meaning of a president claiming 
discretion to negate or change Federal law is the discretion to use or ignore the legislative process. No actor in a Madisonian system is given such discretion. All three branches are meant to be locked in a type of constitu-tional synchronous orbit—held stable by their countervailing gravitational pull. If one of those bodies shifts, the stability of the system is lost. 
So the President does not have the 
power to ignore the legislative process, and we are going to regret this day if we remain silent on this issue. 
I appreciate the opportunity to share 
this with my colleagues. I don’t know if anybody is listening at this point. Certainly the American people were horrified by the Executive amnesty carried out by the President last year. He announced it before the election but held off until afterward. Still, there is no doubt in my mind that many of the people who went to the polls in Novem-ber were voting for a rejection of this kind of Executive overreach. It was a message of this past election. 
We took our seats in January, a new 
Congress is here, and Professor Turley has said we need to act and we are not acting. Professor Turley has said we need to stand up to the Chief Execu-
tive, this Chief Executive while he is in office now, and if we don’t, when we go to another election cycle, the powers he has aggrandized to himself will be claimed by the next President. 
Truly so. That is a grim warning he 
has given us. I am ready and I think it is time for us to stand up and be clear about this. 
So, regretfully, I feel compelled to 
carry out one of the powers Congress has clearly been given—the power to confirm or reject nominations for high-er office. I believe we should reject the nomination for the Department of Jus-tice Deputy Attorney General who is advocating and pursuing a lawsuit that goes against the constitutional powers of the Congress, and therefore I will be voting no on the nomination. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise to bring attention to the tragic Amtrak derailment that took at least 7 lives and caused over 140 injuries, in-cluding an Associated Press member from New Jersey, Jim Gaines of Plainsboro, NJ. Our thoughts and pray-ers are with the families of those who lost their lives. To those of us from New Jersey and those who live along the Northeast corridor, they are our neighbors, our friends, our relatives. They could be us. It hits especially close to home. I know, because I take Amtrak virtually every week back to New Jersey. 
There was a period of time last night 
when I did not know the whereabouts of my son Rob, who was scheduled to be on Amtrak back to New York. But I later found out that he was on the next train immediately behind the one that derailed, and thankfully, he was safe. I am grateful for that. But others were not so lucky. 
But luck should not be America’s 
transportation policy. It is imperative that the cause of the derailment be fully investigated so that we can pre-vent tragedies such as these in the fu-ture. I have already been on the phone with Secretary of Transportation An-thony Fox and continue to monitor closely the situation. 
I want to recognize the extraordinary 
work of our first responders. Once again, firefighters, police officers, and emergency responders showed us what bravery is all about. They ran to the crash site to save lives while others were running away. For that, we should all be grateful. 
Now, we do not know what caused 
this accident. But we do know that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.026 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2830 May 13, 2015 
need to invest in 21st-century systems 
and equipment and stop relying on patchwork upgrades to old, rusted 19th century rail lines. 
I travel Amtrak, as I said, virtually 
every week. I travel the Acela, which is supposed to be our high-speed rail. It is like shake, rattle, and roll. As a mem-ber of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I have traveled in other countries in the world, such as Japan. They have a bullet train in which you virtually cannot feel anything while you are on the train, going at speeds far in excess of what we call high-speed rail. 
Now, there are still many questions 
to which we do not know the answers. Was there human failure? Was there a mechanical failure or were there infra-structure issues or was it a combina-tion of issues? What we do know is that our rail passengers deserve safe and modern infrastructure. New Jersey, for example, is at the heart of the North-east corridor. It has long held a com-petitive advantage with some of the Nation’s most modern highways, an ex-tensive transit network, and some of the most significant freight corridors in the world at the confluence of some of the largest and busiest rail lines, interstates, and ports. 
In a densely populated State such as 
New Jersey, the ability to move people and goods safely and efficiently is crit-ical to our economy and critical to our quality of life. But, unfortunately, in recent years, New Jersey and the Na-tion as a whole have fallen behind. We have 20 years maximum—maximum— before the Hudson River tunnels are taken out of service. Twenty years may sound maybe to some of our young pages like a long time, but it is a flash of the eye. Think about what happens if we take either or both of those tun-nels out of service without an alter-native, tunnels that are absolutely es-sential to moving people and goods in the region that contributes $3.5 trillion to our Nation’s economy—20 percent of the entire Nation’s gross domestic product. 
Nationwide, 65 percent of major roads 
in America are in poor condition. One in four bridges in our Nation needs sig-nificant repair. There is an $808 billion backlog in highway and bridge invest-ment needs. On the transit side, there is an $86 billion backlog of transit maintenance needs—maintenance needs, not expanding, just maintaining that which we have. 
It will take almost $19 billion a year 
through the year 2030 to bring our tran-sit assets into good repair. These are just a handful of the statistics under-scoring our Nation’s failure to invest in our transportation network. But we have to get beyond looking at the num-bers on a page. We have to talk about what Congress’s failure to act means to the people we represent, to every com-munity—every community, every com-muter, every family, everyone who travels every day, and every construc-tion worker looking for a job. Failure to act means construction 
workers now face a 10-percent unem-ployment rate, and at a time when our infrastructure is crumbling around us, they will not get the work they need. It means a business cannot compete in a globalized economy because their goods cannot get to market in time. It means a working mother is stuck in traffic and cannot get home in time for dinner with her kids. In the very worst cases—cases such as the one we saw yesterday on Amtrak—it very well means that a loved one is lost in a senseless tragedy. 
In Congress, we too often treat our 
infrastructure as if it is an academic exercise, as if it is numbers on a page that we adjust to score political points or balance a budget or make an argu-ment about what types of transpor-tation are worthy of our support. But that is not the real world. In the real world, the choices we make have an impact on people’s lives, on their jobs, on their income. They have an impact on our Nation’s ability to compete. They have an impact on the safety of Americans and America’s ability to lead globally the economy in the world. 
We in Congress are failing to recog-
nize the real-world impacts of the choices we make about our transpor-tation infrastructure. We have a pas-senger rail bill that expired in 2013. We have a highway trust fund on the brink of insolvency, with no plans—no plans—to fix it sustainably. We have a crowded and outdated aviation system that we refuse to adequately fund. We have failed to upgrade with presently available technologies that can reduce the number of failures. We have appro-priations bills aiming to cut already- low funding levels of Amtrak, in par-ticular, to meet an arbitrary budget cap for the sake of political points. 
I cannot understand that. I cannot 
understand that. We are living off the greatest generation’s investment in in-frastructure in this country. We have done nothing to honor that invest-ment, to sustain it or to build upon it. Yet nothing we are doing is aimed at fixing the problem. Our inaction comes with an extraordinarily high cost. So I can tell you, as the senior Democrat on the subcommittee on mass transit, I categorically reject the idea that we cannot afford to fix our transportation system. 
The truth is, we cannot afford not to 
fix it. The Amtrak disaster last night is a tragic reminder that we have to act. We are reminded of the tragic con-sequences of inaction and the impact of inaction on the lives of workers and families, on their lives and their abil-ity to get to work and do their jobs with confidence that they will be safe. 
So, as a member of the Finance Com-
mittee, and the ranking member of the transit subcommittee, I have been ad-vocating that we act as soon as pos-sible. We cannot keep pretending the problem is going to resolve itself if we just wait long enough. We simply can-not afford to wait. I hope that everyone in this Chamber—Democrats, Repub-
licans, and Independents alike—will come together, will work together, and make real progress in building the fu-ture that we can be proud of. 
We can start by putting politics aside 
to think about the safety of the Amer-ican people, to think about the future, to think about America’s competitive-ness, and to find common ground to do whatever it takes to invest in Amer-ica’s railroads, ports, highways, and bridges, and to invest in our future. 
So let’s not wait until there is an-
other tragic headline or to see the con-sequences of what flows, as people along the entire Northeast corridor are trying to figure out alternatives in the midst of a system that is now shut down for intercity travel—all the tran-sit lines of States and regions within the Northeast corridor that depend upon using Amtrak lines to get to dif-ferent destinations for their residents, to get people to one of the great hos-pitals along the Northeast corridor, to get people to their Nation’s Capital to advocate with their government, to get people and the sales forces of compa-nies to work, to get home. 
Let’s not wait until we have another 
tragedy to think about the con-sequences of our transportation sys-tem, what it means to the Nation, or until the next time when lives are lost. I think we can do much better. I have faith that hopefully this will be a crystalizing moment for us on this critical issue. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF SALLY QUILLIAN 
YATES TO BE DEPUTY ATTOR-NEY GENERAL 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Sally Quillian Yates, of Geor-gia, to be Deputy Attorney General. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be up to 1 hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am de-
lighted we have the confirmation of Sally Yates before the body. I have pushed for a vote for several weeks, and now I know we are finally going to confirm Sally Yates to be our next Deputy Attorney General of the United States. I think she will be easily con-firmed. I know there has been a delay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.028 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2831 May 13, 2015 
of several weeks getting her here, but I 
thank Senator I SAKSON , who worked so 
hard to get her before this body. It should not have taken this long. Ms. Yates was voted out of the Judiciary Committee with overwhelming bipar-tisan support almost 3 weeks ago. We are finally voting to confirm her today to serve as the second highest law en-forcement office in our country, and it is long past due. This is the least we can do to honor law enforcement, as it is National Police Week. 
The Deputy Attorney General is crit-
ical to the efficient functioning of the Department of Justice. The person serving in that position works dili-gently behind the scenes. The position requires someone who is of utmost competence, who prioritizes the De-partment above all else, and who exe-cutes the mission and vision of the At-torney General. 
We are actually fortunate here. We 
will have an Attorney General and a Deputy Attorney General whose back-grounds are very similar—both have shown their ability as law enforcement officers, both have been prosecuting at-torneys, and both have similar views, as we saw during the confirmation hearings, on all the major issues. 
Sally Yates is an ideal person for this 
position, as those who know her can at-test. She was born and raised in At-lanta, GA. She grew up seeing the jus-tice system as a force for good. There was no need to look outside her home for an Atticus Finch to look up to be-cause her family members lived that example. Her father, Kelly Quillian, was a judge on the Georgia Court of Appeals; her grandfather, Joseph Quillian, was a justice on the Georgia Supreme Court; and at a time when women did not fill the ranks of the legal system, her grandmother, Tab-itha Quillian, became one of the first women to be admitted to the Georgia bar. Ms. Yates carried on that family tradition, becoming a top-notch lawyer who has prioritized public service above all else. 
For more than 25 years, Sally Yates 
served as a prosecutor in the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia. For the past 5 years she has served as U.S. Attorney of that district, following her unanimous con-firmation by the Senate in 2010. 
Since January of this year, she has 
served as Acting Deputy Attorney Gen-eral. I have been at briefings she has given to Members of the Senate. I have also been at briefings at the White House where she has briefed the Presi-dent on issues before the country. She is an experienced and dedicated pros-ecutor with a well-deserved reputation for fairness, integrity, and toughness. 
She is perhaps best known for her 
successful prosecutions of the Atlanta Olympics bomber, who pled guilty in exchange for a life sentence without parole; and for her prosecution and conviction of a former Atlanta mayor for tax evasion. However, if you were to ask her the most significant case she has taken on, she will tell you that 
it involved a pro bono representation when she was just out of law school. 
As a junior associate at a law firm, 
Ms. Yates represented the first Afri-can-American family to own land in Barrow County, GA, in a property dis-pute. The family had obtained a deed to their property, but lacking trust in the court system, had failed to record their deed in a timely manner. As a re-sult, when the adjoining property was 
sold, a dispute arose as to who owned part of the land. Ms. Yates filed suit to recover the family’s property. After a 1-week trial—in which she helped con-vince a member of the ‘‘Dixie Mafia’’ to testify in court on behalf of the fam-ily—she was able to win the case before an all-white jury. 
According to Ms. Yates, it was the 
most meaningful case of her career be-cause it gave the African American family she represented a sense of trust in the judicial system that they pre-viously lacked. This case represents who she is as an attorney: someone who uses the judicial system as a force for good. 
It is also an example of why she will 
thrive as the Deputy Attorney General. While most people seek the spotlight by pursuing high-profile matters, Sally Yates devotes herself to the matters that are less glamorous, but just as im-portant. 
Ms. Yates also deserves praise for her 
dedication to sentencing reform and the clemency initiative begun by her predecessor, Jim Cole. It is encour-aging to see that we will continue to have individuals in the Justice Depart-ment’s leadership who understand the inequities in our criminal justice sys-tem’s sentencing practices and the con-sequences of mass incarceration. As she made clear when she testified be-fore the Judiciary Committee, sen-tencing reform is critical to ensure that we better allocate our limited law enforcement resources and to make our country safer. The clemency initiative is an important part of that process as well and I am glad that I have her com-mitment that it will be a priority. 
Sally Yates has received strong bi-
partisan support for her nomination. Among the letters of support the Judi-ciary Committee has received are those from Georgia’s Republican Governor, Nathan Deal; Georgia’s Republican At-torney General, Samuel Olens; and former Democratic Senator from Geor-gia, Sam Nunn. She also has the sup-port of law enforcement and civil rights leaders. 
At her nomination hearing, Ms. 
Yates was introduced by Congressman J
OHNLEWIS, Senator P ERDUE and Sen-
ator I SAKSON . As Senator I SAKSON  
noted when Ms. Yates was first nomi-nated this past December, ‘‘Sally Yates is an exceptionally skilled attorney with a strong record of public service and a well-qualified nominee to be Dep-uty Attorney General.’’ Prior to his re-tirement, Senator Saxby Chambliss also spoke out in support of Ms. Yates’ nomination. Almost 3 weeks ago, her nomination 
was voted out of Committee with strong bipartisan support, so this nom-ination should not be an occasion for further partisanship. The responsibil-
ities of the Deputy Attorney General are too important to the safety and se-curity of all Americans to be held up any longer. The dedicated public serv-ants at the Justice Department deserve a confirmed leader in this crucial posi-tion, and I know Sally Yates will serve with distinction as our next Deputy Attorney General of the United States. I thank her for her willingness to con-tinue to serve this great Nation, and I want to publicly congratulate her on this well-deserved appointment. 
TRIBUTE TO ERIC HOLDER  
Mr. President, I want to talk about a 
different but related issue. 
Two weeks ago, after 5 long months, 
Loretta Lynch was finally sworn in as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States. I know she is going to be an exceptional Attorney General, and she has an exceptional deputy in Sally Yates. But I want to speak here about the remarkable service of Eric Holder, who has just left as Attorney General. 
Many don’t realize that he came to 
the Justice Department as a 25-year- old law school graduate in 1976. He has served at nearly every level of the De-partment over the past four decades. I believe we owe him our gratitude for his commitment to public service. 
I also know on a personal basis how 
much Marcelle and I appreciate the friendship we have with Eric and his wonderful wife, Sharon. 
When Eric Holder’s nomination was 
first announced in 2008, I said that we needed an Attorney General who, as Robert Jackson said 68 years ago, ‘‘serves the law and not factual pur-poses, and who approaches his task with humility.’’ Well, that is what I said we needed, and that is what we got. It is the kind of man Eric Holder is and the kind of Attorney General he has been. He understands our moral and legal obligation to protect the fun-damental rights of all Americans and to respect the human rights of all peo-ple. His leadership over the past 6 years shows us that. 
I was there when he was sworn in as 
the 82nd Attorney General. His family was there—his wife, mother, children, and others. Upon being sworn in, he immediately changed the tone of the Department. As he finished taking the oath, you heard this roar throughout the marbled and granite halls of the Department of Justice. The building literally shook with cheers. The dedi-cated professionals knew the Depart-ment was once again going to be dedi-cated to a nonpartisan search for jus-tice for all Americans. These are high-ly professional and highly dedicated men and women appointed by both Re-publican and Democratic administra-tions, who set aside politics. They just want professionalism. And they knew, with Eric Holder, they would get it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.043 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2832 May 13, 2015 
His decision to dismiss the charges 
brought during the Bush administra-tion against former Senator Ted Ste-vens because of prosecutorial mis-conduct was a courageous decision. But, more importantly, it sent a strong message that misconduct would not be tolerated under his watch, and the De-partment would adhere to the highest ethical standards. 
This sense of fairness and justice also 
led Eric to restore what he fondly re-fers to as the conscience of the Nation, the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department. 
His work on voting rights is among 
the most important during his tenure, and in the last 6 years, he has had his work cut out for him. After the Su-preme Court’s disastrous decision in Shelby County v. Holder, where a nar-row majority gutted the Voting Rights Act, the Attorney General recommit-ted the Justice Department to safe-guarding the right to vote for every American. And that he did so at a time when these constitutional rights were under attack has been supremely im-portant. 
For Eric Holder, this cause is not 
new. It is as deep as his family roots, which include the work of his late sis-ter-in-law Vivian Malone, Sharon’s sis-ter, who fought against segregation and for equal rights as a college stu-dent, seeking admittance to the Uni-versity of Alabama in 1963. I know that Eric is deeply proud of her and of the countless brave men and women who fought for equal voting rights and civil rights for every American. Each gen-eration has its trailblazers who con-tribute to our march toward equality. I and my family believe that history will count Eric Holder among those patri-ots. 
Eric Holder did not simply look to 
correct the misguided practices of a previous administration. He sought to bring this Nation forward with an acute understanding that the fight for civil rights is not a single movement of five decades ago. The fight, as he knows, continues. 
Attorney General Holder recognized 
that the constitutionality of the De-fense of Marriage Act, which discrimi-nated against Americans simply for whom they loved, could no longer be defended by the Justice Department. The Supreme Court’s decision to strike down section 3 of DOMA vindicated his decision. Some argued that it was the Justice Department’s duty and obliga-tion to defend the constitutionality of that statute. But just as our country came to see separate as inherently un-equal, I believe Attorney General Hold-er’s decision will be further vindicated with time. Discrimination has no place in our laws. Rooting it out takes lead-ership—the kind of leadership Eric Holder is known for. 
He also recognized the inequities in 
our criminal justice system and the consequences of mass incarceration. Our criminal justice system serves to imprison too many offenders for too long. This has resulted in our Federal 
prisons at nearly 40 percent over-capacity, consuming nearly one quar-ter of the Justice Department’s budget. And this growth has been largely driv-en by our misplaced reliance on drug mandatory minimums. These manda-tory minimums too often see no dif-ference between drug couriers and drug kingpins. 
Attorney General Holder’s ‘‘Smart on 
Crime’’ Initiative, along with Congress’s effort to reform our Na-tion’s sentencing laws, has been an es-sential step toward addressing these problems. No Attorney General in our Nation’s history has recognized the in-equities of our criminal justice system more than Eric Holder. He has proven that addressing these inequities leads to a more effective system. In fact, with Eric Holder, as our Nation’s chief law enforcement officer, last year—for the first time in 40 years—the overall crime rate and the overall incarcer-ation rate declined together. 
The Attorney General’s commitment 
to fairness went well beyond sen-tencing reform. I look at the calm that he brought when he visited Ferguson, MO, in the midst of chaos and fear. He helped to bridge the distrust between law enforcement and the Ferguson community. He deserves praise for the Justice Department’s investigation and reporting of the police department and the circumstances surrounding that shooting. These reports are scru-pulously fair and they are fact-based. His work has made the city of Fer-guson reassess its practices, but it has also provided a path forward for both law enforcement and the broader com-munity alike. 
Now, to go to one other point. I share 
Attorney General Holder’s belief that we should not be afraid to prosecute terrorists in our Federal courts in ac-cordance with the rule of law. 
With Eric’s leadership, we proved we 
could hold terrorists accountable by making them answer for their crimes in public, for the world to see. Since Attorney General Holder assumed of-fice, the Department of Justice has se-cured over 180 terrorism-related con-victions. This shows his dedication to upholding the rule of law, even under the most difficult of circumstances. That is arguably one of his most endur-ing legacies. 
I know a number of people, including 
some on this floor, would stand up and say: Well, we should lock these terror-ists up at Guantanamo. We are afraid to let them come to our country. We should not allow them here. 
Instead, Eric Holder said: What are 
we afraid of? We have the finest crimi-nal justice system in the world. Bring them here; let the rest of the world see what happens. 
One by one, he did just that. They 
were each convicted, and they are all serving extremely difficult sentences. What he said is, we should not turn our backs on the values of America by locking them up in Guantanamo—a place so many of us feel should be 
closed. Let them come before our court system. Let’s make sure they are ade-quately represented—both sides. 
The list of his accomplishments goes 
on. The Attorney General’s leadership ensured that the most vulnerable Americans are protected by the Justice Department, including those who have suffered from hate crimes, domestic vi-olence, and human trafficking. He guided the Department’s steadfast im-plementation of vital legislation which passed through Congress, including the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act and the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. These historic civil rights bills greatly expanded pro-tections for the LGBT community, for rape victims, and for Native American domestic violence victims. As one who led the fight on many of these issues, I can tell my fellow Senators that it would have been impossible to pass them without Eric Holder’s powerful commitment to protecting the most vulnerable among us. 
I talked about how when he returned 
to the Justice Department in 2009, ca-reer attorneys lined the hallways to welcome back one of their own—cheers shook those walls. It had been a very difficult time for the Department. Dur-ing the previous administration, there were scandals of politicized hiring, the decimating of the Civil Rights Divi-sion, the U.S. Attorney firing scandal, and the legal opinions defending the use of torture. But 6 years later, in his final day at the Department, those same professionals, appointed by both Republican and Democratic adminis-trations, again lined the hallways in gratitude to Eric Holder for his work restoring integrity to the Department. Eric Holder restored the public’s con-fidence in the Department. He leaves a Department that is now living up to its name, the Department of Justice. 
I am thankful for his dedicated, un-
wavering service to our country. We have a better Department of Justice because of Eric Holder’s leadership. We are a better nation because of Eric Holder. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I am 
in support of Ms. Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be the next Deputy At-torney General of the United States. 
Ms. Yates has been acting as Deputy 
Attorney General since January of this year and has a long and successful ca-reer in public service. Graduating from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1986, with honors of magna cum laude, she went on to spend more than 20 years ensuring our streets were safe and our rights were protected in the U.S. attorney’s office in Georgia. Ms. Yates served as the chief of the fraud and public corruption section and was the lead prosecutor in the case against Eric Rudolph, the Olympic Park Bomb-er in Atlanta. 
She was the first woman to serve as 
U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Georgia, confirmed by this body on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.045 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2833 May 13, 2015 
March 10, 2010. Ms. Yates also served as 
vice chair of the Attorney General’s Advisory Committee. 
Ms. Yates has not been afraid to take 
on complex and challenging cases and has handled herself with profes-
sionalism and integrity. She is effec-tive in problemsolving and provides reasonable and rational solutions. I am confident she will serve the American people with distinction and dedication. I look forward to working with her in my role as vice chairwoman of the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Sub-committee. 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, just a 
quick comment, if I may, about this tragedy that is now up to 7 deaths and about 150 people who were injured in this Amtrak derailment. There was a report out of the Wall Street Journal just a few minutes ago that apparently the train was going 100 miles per hour going into a curve and that the curve speed should have been 50 miles per hour. If that is the case, that would in-dicate the conductor would not have been aware of what was happening or was negligent in what was happening. But there is something we can do about that, and it is called positive train con-trol. Indeed, this is an issue which is facing all of the railroads. The infra-structure is very expensive, and the question is, How much should it be de-layed in the future because it is not ready to go? 
Positive train control would—in 
places where there is potential danger or the potential of two trains colliding, there is automatic monitoring, and electronically it would change the speed of the train. 
Interestingly, Amtrak in the North-
east corridor already has some of this positive train control on the tracks, but apparently it did not at this par-ticular location, in which case, that begs the question, What do we need to do if this is ultimately, by the NTSB investigation, determined to be the cause? 
One of the things this Senator would 
suggest is that we certainly do not want to cut Amtrak’s budget. To the contrary, I would think we would want to increase Amtrak’s budget. I am rounding numbers here, but Amtrak basically has about $3 billion in reve-nues, but they have about $4 billion in expenses. The difference is made up by the Federal Government. In the past, that difference has been about $1.4 bil-lion. The House is considering legisla-tion that would cut that down to $1.1 billion, when, in fact, Amtrak is asking for $2 billion. 
Is the funding the only question? I do 
not think we will know until we get the NTSB investigation report. How-ever, we should know this: Railroads and roads and bridges and other infra-structure are in desperate need of re-pair and enhancement and expansion, and that is going to take revenue. Is this country going to allow itself 
to be considered a third-rate country in infrastructure? By the way, that is not even to speak about what infrastruc-ture does when you build it, the num-ber of jobs. If you talk to road builders, they will tell you that for every billion dollars, thousands of new jobs are cre-ated. 
Confronting the safety issue is what 
we are focused on here with this ter-rible accident. Our heart goes out to the victims. But at the same time, we have to look to the future, and we have to get our heads out—our collective heads—of the sand and start producing the funding for infrastructure invest-ment. 
I think back to the time in the 
depths of the recession—as the Senator from Vermont will recognize—that we were going to do an economic stimulus bill. We tried to get increased infra-structure spending, and we were voted down in the stimulus bill. Here we are years later, out of the recession, the economy is returning, the jobs are in-creasing, but our infrastructure is still crumbling. 
I speak about this as the ranking 
member of the commerce committee, and fortunately we have a chairman who feels the same way. Senator T
HUNE  
and I are going to be working on this as well as things I suggested a moment ago about positive train control to im-prove the safety of our traveling pub-lic. 
Mr. President, I have one more thing 
I would like to say. 
Mr. LEAHY. Is it on the pending 
business? 
Mr. NELSON. It is not. Does the Sen-
ator want me to stop so he can talk about the Assistant Attorney General? 
Mr. LEAHY. If we could. Mr. NELSON. Of course. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the senior Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. President, earlier I spoke prais-
ing Sally Yates. In my words on the floor, I also spoke about the senior Senator from Georgia, about all the help he has given on this. I want to make sure I also include the distin-guished Presiding Officer, Senator P
ERDUE , who, under our rules, cannot 
speak from the chair, but I would note for the other Senators how his testi-mony was so supportive of Sally Yates, and also, in the committee on which he and I serve, he voted for Sally Yates. Thus, both he and his colleague, Sen-ator I
SAKSON , were extremely valuable 
in this. I do not want anybody to think I was not aware of their support. I would say to both Senators from Geor-gia that I am deeply appreciative. 
I yield to the senior Senator from 
Georgia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the distin-
guished ranking member of the Judici-ary Committee and my dear friend Sen-ator L
EAHY for all his help and for his 
kind remarks. Sally Quillian Yates would not be before us if it were not for 
the Senator from Vermont. He has been great in the process. 
I think it is fortuitous and it is a 
good omen that the junior Senator from Georgia is the Presiding Officer at a time when we will elect the Dep-uty Attorney General, Sally Quillian Yates, to her position. 
Sally Quillian Yates is a human 
being I have known for almost 40 years. For 25 years, she has been the lead prosecutor in the Northern District of Georgia. She has been an equal oppor-tunity prosecutor—she has prosecuted Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Olympic Park bombers, anybody who violated the public trust. Any abuse of power, Sally Yates has gone after them, and she has won. She is fair. She is smart. She is intelligent. 
As a Georgia Bulldog—I realize the 
junior Senator is from Georgia Tech, so I am going to throw this in—as a Geor-gia Bulldog, she is what we call a dou-ble dog. She has her bachelor’s degree and law degree from the University of Georgia and graduated magna cum laude from the University of Georgia Law School. 
Sally Quillian Yates is a great Geor-
gian who will become a great Deputy Attorney General of the United States of America. I commend her to each of our colleagues and ask the Senators to vote and send a unanimous vote for Sally Quillian Yates to be Deputy At-torney General. 
The distinguished chairman of the 
committee is coming to the floor. Let me end my remarks by saying that Senator G
RASSLEY has been of immeas-
urable help in ensuring that Sally Quillian Yates gets to this position. I thank the Senator for his support. Un-less he has something to say, I yield back the remainder of our time. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. No. Mr. ISAKSON. I yield back my time 
and the remainder of the majority time. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, if we 
have nobody here seeking recognition, we have a few minutes left, and I am perfectly willing to yield back that time also. 
I do yield it back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney General? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. S ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.015 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2834 May 13, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 84, 
nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 177 Ex.] 
YEAS—84 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—12 
Blunt Boozman Cotton Crapo Inhofe 
Lankford Moran Risch Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Vitter 
NOT VOTING—4 
Casey Rubio Sanders 
Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
morning, I restated my commitment to working with Senators in a serious way to move our country ahead on trade in the economy of the 21st century. I said that we need to allow debate on this important issue to begin and that our colleagues across the aisle need to stop blocking us from doing so. 
That is the view from our side, it is 
the view from the White House, and it is the view of serious people across the political spectrum. I have repeatedly stated my commitment to serious, bi-partisan ways forward on this issue. Now, serious and bipartisan does not mean agreeing to impossible guaran-tees or swallowing poison pills designed to kill the legislation, but it does mean pursuing reasonable options that are 
actually designed to get a good policy result in the end. 
That is why I have agreed to keep my 
party’s significant concession of offer-ing to process both TPA and TAA on 
the table. It is why I have said we could also consider other policies that Chairman H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN  
agree to. That is why I will keep my commitment to an open amendment process once we get on the bill. 
Of course, our friends across the aisle 
say they also want a path forward on all four of the trade bills the Finance Committee passed. This isn’t just an issue for our friends on the other side, but there is a great deal of support on our side for many of the things con-tained in these other bills. However, as a senior Senator in the Democratic leadership reminded us yesterday, we have to take some of these votes sepa-rately or else we will kill the under-lying legislation. 
So the plan I am about to offer will 
provide our Democratic colleagues with a sensible way forward without killing the bill. 
The plan I am about to offer will 
allow the regular order on the trade bill, while also allowing Senators the opportunity to take votes on the Cus-toms and preferences bills in a way that will not imperil the increased American exports and American trade jobs that we need. We would then turn to the trade bill with TPA and TAA as the base bill and open the floor to amendments, as I have suggested all week. It is reasonable. 
So I look forward to our friends 
across the aisle now joining with us to move forward on this issue in a serious way. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that at 10:30 a.m., tomorrow, May 14, the Senate proceed to the imme-diate consideration of Calendar No. 57, H.R. 1295, and Calendar No. 56, H.R. 644, en bloc; that the Hatch amendments at the desk, the text of which are S. 1267 and S. 1269, respectively, be considered and agreed to; that no further amend-ments be in order; and that at 12 noon the bills, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate then vote on pas-sage of H.R. 1295, as amended, followed by a vote on passage of H.R. 644, as amended, with no intervening action or debate, and that there be a 60-affirma-tive-vote threshold needed for passage of each bill; and that if passed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. I further ask that following disposition of H.R. 644, the motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314 be agreed to, the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314 be agreed to, and that at 2 p.m. the Senate proceed to vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314; further, that if cloture is invoked, the 30 hours of postcloture consideration under rule XXII be deemed expired at 
10 p.m. on Thursday night. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Reserving the right to ob-
ject, Mr. President. 
First of all, I want to take just a very 
brief minute and express my apprecia-tion to all my Democratic colleagues who have been understanding and vocal in their opinions as to what we should do to move forward. I also extend my appreciation to the Republican leader-ship, the majority leader, for having this suggestion to go forward. We have worked together the last 24 hours, and I think we have come up with some-thing that is fair. 
The bipartisan majority of the Fi-
nance Committee reported out four trade measures, fast-track, trade ad-justment assistance, trade enforce-ment, and a bill expanding trade for Af-rica. Democrats want a path forward on all four parts of this legislation. Yesterday, we made it clear that we didn’t accept merely a fast-track for new trade agreements. We also must enforce the trade agreements we make. 
The proposal before us today will 
provide us that path forward. I look forward to consideration today and to-morrow of the trade enforcement pack-age and the Africa bill. Once we pro-ceed to the fast-track measure, the ma-jority leader has offered an amendment process that in his words will be open, robust, and fair. I appreciate that offer. 
This is a complex issue and one that 
deserves full and robust debate. Once we get on the trade bill, then we have to debate and vote on a number of amendments. So with that background and the understanding that we have on both sides, I do not object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. While I do not rise 
with the intention of objecting, may I propound a question to the majority leader? 
Mr. REID. Why don’t we get the ap-
proval first. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I would prefer to pro-
pound the question first. Mr. Leader, as I understand it, the Africa bill and the trade enforcement bill will be in tan-dem together and not subject to amendment, and then we will go to TPA and TAA, which will be open to amendments; is that correct? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. The Senator from 
Georgia is correct. 
Mr. ISAKSON. In that case, I will not 
object, but I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
OONS and I be able to 
make a 1-minute statement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, in the 
committee on the AGOA Act, we put in an amendment to ensure an in-cycle and out-of-cycle review of South Afri-can trade practices vis-a ´-vis poultry 
and other issues important to the United States. We would have offered an amendment on the floor had it been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.021 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2835 May 13, 2015 
possible without this UC, but with this 
UC coming forward and not objecting, we have gotten permission to talk to Ambassador Froman, who has assured us he is willing to instigate an out-of- cycle review immediately or whenever necessary to review the trade practices of South Africa vis-a ´-vis poultry. I 
commend him on doing that and want-ed to memorialize that in the R
ECORD . 
I yield to Senator C OONS for the pur-
pose of confirmation. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague Senator I SAKSON of Geor-
gia and express my shared concern that if we are going to proceed to a long- term renewal of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, which provides duty-free, quota-free access to the U.S. markets to all of sub-Saharan Africa— which I support and have worked hard with the Senator from Georgia and many others to make possible—that we also ensure there is effective trade en-forcement. This is a basic principle that underlies all the proceedings here today; that those of us who support free trade and global trade also support fair trade and effective enforcement. 
As the good Senator from Georgia re-
cently commented, we are acting in re-liance upon a representation by the U.S. Trade Representative that there will be enforcement action taken, if ap-propriate, on access to markets in South Africa. 
With that, I thank the Presiding Offi-
cer and yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the major-ity leader? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, before 
the Senator leaves the floor, I want to thank the Senate majority leader for working with us in a constructive fash-ion to make it possible for all of the vital parts of the trade package to be considered. I look forward to working closely with him. 
Colleagues, I will say that what has 
been done through the cooperation of the majority leader and the minority leader is, in effect, to say that trade enforcement will be the first bill to be debated; and in doing so, it drives home yesterday’s message of 13 protrade Democrats who together said robust enforcement of our trade laws is a pre-requisite to a modern trade policy. In making this the first topic for debate, it is a long overdue recognition that vigorous trade enforcement has to be in the forefront, not in the rear, and a recognition that the 1990 NAFTA trade playbook is being set aside. 
I am going to be brief at this point, 
but I would just like to give a little bit of history as to how we got to this point. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, would 
the Senator from Oregon yield for a moment? 
Mr. WYDEN. I would be happy to. Mr. BROWN. I want to thank Senator 
W
YDEN for his work on the Customs 
bill that we will be debating, the bill to which he is referring, especially his 
amendment that we worked on, the prohibition of child labor, closing an 85-year loophole, if you will, allowing child labor in far too many cases, and we as a nation were allowing the im-portation of goods produced by child labor. I appreciate his support and Sen-ator H
ATCH ’s support early in the proc-
ess before the markup began on our ‘‘level the playing field’’ language, which is particularly important to a number of industries in this country, to make the playing field more level, as Senator W
YDEN was saying and, 
third, the importance of currency. We know how many jobs we have lost in my State and all over the country be-cause of what has happened with coun-tries gaming the currency system. So I wanted to express my thanks to Sen-ator W
YDEN . 
Mr. WYDEN. Before he leaves the 
floor, I want to thank Senator B ROWN  
for again and again putting in front of the committee and all Senators the im-portance of this issue. I just want to read a sentence from the paper yester-day that really puts a human face on this enforcement issue that Senator B
ROWN has so often come back to. A 
quote in the New York Times says: ‘‘Candy makers want to preserve a loophole.’’ 
Now, this is the loophole that was 
closed in the Customs bill. The article goes on to say that ‘‘Candy makers want to preserve a loophole . . . that allows them to import African cocoa harvested by child labor.’’ 
What Senator B
ROWN has said is 
without, in effect, this enforcement language, this vigorous enforcement language that is in the Customs bill, we would basically be back in yester-year’s policy, back in what we had for decades and decades, where youngsters would be exploited in this way. 
So we are going to talk about trade 
here for a few days. I think colleagues and—certainly my colleagues on the Finance Committee know that I strongly support expanded trade. I look at the globe. There are going to be 1 billion middle-class people in the devel-oping world in 2025. They are going to have a fair amount of money to spend. We want them to spend on the goods and services produced in the United States. 
So we support expanding those oppor-
tunities, increasing those exports. The reality is expanding trade exports and enforcing the trade law are two sides of the same coin. Because what happens at home—I had community meetings in all of my counties, had several in the last couple of weeks. The first question that often comes up is a citizen will say: I hear there is talk about a new trade deal. Well, how about first en-forcing the laws that are on the books? 
That is why the group of 13 protrade 
Senators yesterday wanted to weigh in, right at the outset of this debate, talk-ing about how important trade enforce-ment is to a policy that I call trade done right—trade down right, a modern trade policy. I am going to be brief in 
opening this discussion, but I want to spend a few minutes describing how we got to this place. 
A few weeks ago, the Finance Com-
mittee met and passed a bipartisan package of four bills. These were more than a year in the making. The mes-sage I sought to send right at the out-set was a message that would respond to all the people in this country who want to know if you are doing more than just going back to NAFTA. Those four bills suggest that this will be very different. 
The first, the trade promotion bill, 
the TPA as it is called, helps rid our trade policies of excessive secrecy. The reason this is so important is the first thing people say is, whether it is in South Carolina or Oregon or anywhere else: What is all of this excessive se-crecy about? If you believe strongly in trade and you want more of it, why would you want to have all of this needless secrecy that just makes peo-ple so convinced that you are kind of sort of hiding things? So we have made very dramatic changes in that area. 
A second strengthens and expands 
the support system for our workers. It is known as trade adjustment assist-ance. This is to make sure that when there are changes in the private econ-omy, changes that so often take place and cause workers to see positions they have had be affected, this is a section of trade policy that gives them a chance, almost a springboard, into an-other set of job opportunities. 
The third would finally put, as I have 
said, trade enforcement into high gear so we can crack down on trade cheats and protect American workers and ex-ports. The reality is trade enforcement is a jobs bill. It is protecting jobs. That is another reason it is so important. 
The fourth, which has been touched 
on by our distinguished colleagues, the Senators from Georgia and Delaware, involves the trade preference programs that are so crucial to both our employ-ers and developing countries. Taken to-gether, the bills form a package of trade policies that are going to help our country create more high-skill, high-wage jobs in my State and across the land. 
As I have said so often, if you wanted 
to explain what a modern trade policy is in a sentence, what you would say is: This is the kind of approach that helps us grow things in America, make things in America, add value to them in America, and then ship them some-where, particularly if you look to that developing world where there are going to be, in just a few years, 1 billion mid-dle-class consumers. That strikes me as a real economic shot in the arm that will be of long-term benefit to our peo-ple. 
Now, with respect to enforcement, I 
want to take just a few minutes to talk about why I think this is an appro-priate opening step in the legislative process. Now, I already talked about the 13, 14 protrade Democrats who got 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.034 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2836 May 13, 2015 
together yesterday and weighed in as a 
group. Why we did it is that trade en-forcement in that particular bill, which is part of the initial debate here, is a jobs bill. It is a cornerstone of a new trade approach that is going to reject the status quo. 
As the President said, to his credit, 
during the State of the Union Address, ‘‘Past trade deals have not always lived up to the hype.’’ My own view is a lot of that can be attributed to subpar trade enforcement. That, in my view, is because so many of the same old en-forcement tools from the NAFTA era and decades prior just are not the right kind of tool to get the job done in 2015. 
Our competitors overseas use shell 
companies, fraudulent records, and so-phisticated schemes to play cat and mouse with U.S. Customs authorities. Our competitors overseas, in a number of instances, intimidate American firms into relocating factories or sur-rendering our intellectual property. Our competitors often spy on our com-panies and trade enforcers to steal se-crets and block our efforts at holding them accountable. 
To mask their activities, they hide 
their paper trails and engage in out-right fraud. For a number of years, I chaired the trade subcommittee of the Finance Committee. I can tell you, these examples I have given of modern challenges is just touching the surface of what we found in our investigation. At one point, we set up a sting oper-ation to try to catch people who were merchandise laundering. 
Not only does our trade enforcement 
need to catch up to these schemes, we have to have a trade enforcement pol-icy that stays ahead of the game. That is why the bipartisan enforcement package, the Customs package, will take enforcement up to a higher level. This bill raises the bar for all of our trade enforcers, whether it is the Cus-toms agents at the border checking in-bound shipments, the Commerce De-partment investigator looking into an unfair trade petition or the lawyer from the Office of the U.S. Trade Rep-resentative following up on possible violations of trade agreements. 
So I want to just quickly tick 
through a few of the major parts of this trade enforcement package. A proposal that I pushed for a number of years to include will help Customs crack down on foreign companies that try to get around the rules by hiding their iden-tity and sending their products on hard-to-trace shipping routes. 
Another will close a shameful loop-
hole—a shameful loophole that Senator B
ROWN and I just talked about—that 
allows products made with forced and child labor to be sold in our country. A third will build what I call an unfair trade alert to help identify when Amer-ican jobs and exports are under stress before the damage is done. With this early warning system in effect, you will have warning bells ringing earlier and more loudly than ever before when a country attempts to undercut an American industry like China recently 
tried with solar panels. 
I think that is especially important, 
because when you are home and you are listening to companies and workers and organizations talk about trade en-forcement, they say: You know, it just gets to us too late. By the time some-body back there in Washington, DC, is talking about enforcing the trade laws, the lights have gone out at the plant, the workers have had their lives shat-tered, and the community is feeling pain from one end to another. 
So the point of the early warning 
system is we now have the kind of technology and access to the kind of information that can set off these early warning signals. That is what the un-fair trade alert provision is all about. 
Fourth, for the first time in decades, 
the Congress would set out clear en-forcement priorities with the focus on jobs and growth that will build real ac-countability and follow through in our trade enforcement system. 
Finally, it includes a proposal from 
Senator B
ROWN that goes a long way 
toward ensuring that our trade enforc-ers use the full strength of our anti-dumping and countervailing duty laws to fight unfair tactics. I said months ago, repeatedly, making it very clear, when Chairman H
ATCH and I began 
working on this package, that strengthening trade law enforcement was at the very top of the list of my priorities. 
I did, in starting all of those discus-
sions and the debate, repeatedly come back to the fact that for those of us who are protrade, who think it is abso-lutely key for the kind of export-re-lated jobs and growth that we need in this country, we have to shore up trade enforcement because it is not credible to say that you are pushing for a new trade agreement if people do not find it credible that you are going to enforce the laws that are already existing on the books and relate to the past trade agreements. 
So strengthening trade enforcement 
has been at the top of my list of prior-ities for many, many years. The Fi-nance Committee passed this enforce-ment measure with a voice vote. So that ought to indicate alone that this was not some topic of enormous con-troversy. We had votes on the trade promotion act, we had votes on the trade adjustment act. There was pretty vigorous debate on those—voice vote on the enforcement provision and the Customs package because it includes so much of what I think Members, actu-ally on both sides of the trade debate, feel strongly about. 
I have talked about why as a 
protrade Democrat I feel so strongly about enforcement. My colleague Sen-ator B
ROWN speaks eloquently about 
another point of view, but he feels strongly about trade enforcement. So I am very pleased the Senate is on this bill, is beginning debate on this legisla-tion. I am thoroughly committed to getting this legislation passed before we leave for the recess. No one can ever 
make guarantees, but I am sure going to pull out all the stops to do it. 
I just want, as we close the opening 
of this debate, to thank both the ma-jority leader and the minority leader for working with myself and Chairman H
ATCH and others to get us to this 
point. We had a bipartisan effort in the Finance Committee, and we are very pleased to see the distinguished Pre-siding Officer join us on the Finance Committee. We had a bipartisan pack-age, as the distinguished Presiding Of-ficer knows, in the Finance Com-mittee, which passed overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis. 
Now, starting with this debate and 
with what is ahead of us, we have a chance to build on the bipartisan work that took place in the Finance Com-mittee. It is very appropriate that we begin this discussion focusing on trade enforcement, as the 14 protrade Demo-crats did yesterday in making an an-nouncement with respect to the impor-tance of this topic. It is going to be a good debate. 
The stakes are enormously high. I 
look forward to working with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to get this legislation passed and to get a bill to the President of the United States to sign. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
have a concern. It is not about trade. Quite frankly, trade is one of the things we have done as a nation all along. We were free traders before we were a nation. 
One of the grievances we had in the 
Declaration of Independence was the fact that King George was restricting our trade. We have always been indi-viduals in a nation of trade. 
My issue is particularly with this 
Preferences bill. Again, it is not about the protections in it; it is about the way we pay for it. Now, as odd as it sounds, while we are doing trade and while we are trying to engage in things, we can’t lose track of this sim-ple thing called deficit that is hanging out there as well. 
We have basic rules on how we actu-
ally handle budget issues. For anything that we set out that is going to take several years to pay for, we have basic rules. Those rules include that it has to be deficit neutral in year 6 and it has to be deficit neutral in year 11. 
The way that is set up and the reason 
that it is set up is so that you cannot game the system that way. You can’t just backload the whole thing and say: We are going to be deficit neutral in the very last year, but every other year we are going to run up the bill and have some pretend pay-fors at the very end. 
So the way this is set up is to have 
this basic gap. Halfway through, you are deficit neutral. At the other end of it, you are also deficit neutral. Well, this is what the Preferences bill does. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.036 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2837 May 13, 2015 
The Preferences bill sets up this unique 
something called the corporate pay-ment shift. 
So this is how it works. Six years 
from now, every corporation that has $1 billion or more in assets has a 5
1⁄4- 
percent tax increase in year 6. In year 7, every one of those companies that has $1 billion or more in assets gets a 5
1⁄4-percent tax refund. 
Let me run that by you again. This is 
set up, in the way the bill is written, so that 6 years from now taxes go up on every company—that is 2,000 compa-nies in America that have $1 billion or more in assets—by 5
1⁄4percent, and in 
the next year they get a refund of that same amount. 
Can someone help me understand 
why every company in America has to gear up, change the way they do all their tax policies, pay an extra tax that year, and so that the next year they can get a refund? That is addi-tional cost. That is additional ex-pense—only to help this body cir-cumvent the basic rules that we said we are going to abide by. 
Now, in all likelihood, those compa-
nies won’t actually do that 6 and 7 years from now because, in all likeli-hood, this body will come through and will waive the corporate tax shift be-cause it is now not years 6 and 7. Now, it is years 7 and 8, and so it doesn’t apply. 
This is ridiculous. This is a prob-
lem—that this body is playing a game in how we are trying to actually ac-complish a basic rule. 
Now, if anyone can stand in this body 
and say that is a good idea—that we are going to raise taxes 6 years from now on all these companies and refund the same amount in the 7th year—if anyone can actually tell me that is a good idea, please do. All that this is set up to do is to be able to help us in our CBO scoring. 
This is what I think we should do. 
Option No. 1 is to have a real pay-for— not have some pretend and say this is a deficit-neutral bill, when it is not a deficit-neutral bill. 
We have a $3.7 trillion budget. I think 
we can find a real pay-for to be able to put it into this bill. If you are lacking for any of those, my office can give you many options that are real pay-fors rather than something fake in year 6 and year 7. 
This is option No. 2. At least admit 
that this is not a deficit-neutral bill and that these pay-fors are fake. There is something that this body has called a budget point of order, and it should apply in this sense because this is not a real pay-for. 
Now, I have had these conversations 
with staff behind the scenes and with individuals in this body, and I have been told the same thing over and over: This is how we always do it. In other words: You are a new guy here. You don’t know this is how the game is played on the budget-neutral deficit, eliminating bills that really don’t do that. Yes, that is true. I am the new guy 
here, and I have heard this is an old practice—and it needs to go away, be-cause no one can defend this. 
How about this. How about next week 
I try to go get a car loan, and I try to negotiate with the car dealer for a 5- year loan, and I tell him: I will pay all of my loan off year 4, but I want a full refund in year 5 for all that I have paid off. 
Do you think I am going to get that 
car loan? No, I am not going to get that car loan because he is going to say: That is fake. And I will say: I have paid it off completely in year 5. 
Yes, but we paid it all back in the 
next year. 
We have to be able actually to have 
real accounting at the end of the day. This is not invisible money. This is debt that is being added. And with a $3.7 trillion budget, we can find real pay-fors. 
This is a practice that has happened 
in this Congress and in previous Con-gresses that has to stop. We have the ability to do that. 
I oppose this bill because it is not 
genuine in how we are actually paying for it. Saying that we pay for it in year 6 and refunding it in year 7 is not real, and we know it. 
In the days ahead, I hope we can ad-
dress this practice and not just elimi-nate it for this bill, but that we can eliminate it from ever being used again in any bill as a gimmick pay-for. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMTRAK TRAIN DERAILMENT  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today with a very heavy heart because of the horrific tragedy that occurred and is still unfolding right now. 
Late last evening, an Amtrak train, 
train No. 188—a train I myself have traveled on—carrying 243 passengers and crew derailed in Philadelphia. It has been confirmed now that seven peo-ple have died, including Associated Press employee, husband, father of two, and Plainsboro, NJ, resident Jim Gaines. More than 200 people were in-jured. My deepest thoughts and prayers are with those who are suffering today. 
I am so grateful for the work of the 
hundreds of first responders, Amtrak crew, doctors, nurses, and many others who quickly, courageously, and very professionally did their jobs and who no doubt saved lives. As we speak, the search through the wreckage for more people, living or dead, is still in proc-ess. All people have not been accounted for, and I hope and pray our brave first responders can soon account for every-one who was expected to have been on board. The 243 people—including passengers 
and crew—many of whom boarded Am-trak regional train No. 188 just half a mile from where I stand right now— were headed to New York. They were on their way home, on their way to work, to see their husbands and their wives, their children, and their journey was horrifically interrupted when the train derailed around 9:30 p.m. in Philadelphia. 
Since the incident, my staff and I 
have been in contact with Amtrak, the National Transportation Safety Board, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the Department of Transportation. The exact cause of the derailment is unknown, although speed was defi-nitely a factor. We are in close contact with Amtrak officials and Federal in-vestigators who are working quickly to identify exactly what happened to cause this disaster. 
Amtrak train No. 188 was on a very 
familiar path. So many people take this route. The train that derailed was traveling on the Northeast corridor, which is one of the busiest corridors, a 457-mile rail corridor that is the most traveled in North America. It is a transportation lifeline, one of our main arteries connecting the people of Wash-ington, DC, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, Con-necticut, Rhode Island, and Massachu-setts. The Northeast corridor trans-ports 750,000 passengers every day and moves a workforce that produces $50 billion each year toward our gross do-mestic product. 
More people are traveling with Am-
trak on the Northeast corridor than ever before. Just last year, 11.6 million passengers traveled the Northeast cor-ridor. In New Jersey alone, 110 trains run daily along this route. New Jersey Transit works in cooperation with Am-trak to move trains along the North-east corridor, where New Jersey Tran-sit customers take 288,000 trips on the corridor each day and 63.6 million trips a year. 
Yet, none of these numbers—none of 
them—are as important today as that number of 243, the number of people riding on and working on Amtrak train No. 188 last evening, or the 7 people who died. We are in a time of great sad-ness. 
As the ranking member of the Senate 
subcommittee that has jurisdiction over rail safety, I want to also say that my colleagues and I have been working in the Senate to develop policies and implement new safety technologies that will improve rail safety and save lives, and we have been working dili-gently to finalize a draft of a passenger rail authorization bill. 
Congress has not passed a passenger 
rail bill since 2008, and authorization for that bill expired in 2013. It is unac-ceptable that Congress has not acted to provide the needed improvements, in-vestment, and long-term certainty for Amtrak, and I will work hard to make sure that we pass passenger rail, that it is a priority for this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.048 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2838 May 13, 2015 
In fact, today we had intended to in-
troduce this bill authorizing funding and improvements to passenger rail in the United States. Today, that was our intention. However, in light of this tragic event, Senator W
ICKER and I 
have decided to monitor the incoming information and take this opportunity to evaluate what other actions might need to be taken as a part of the legis-lation. 
I am proud of my colleagues who 
have worked so diligently to ensure we get this bill done, and I thank the lead-ership, Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking 
Member N ELSON , for their support. If 
there is an action that needs to be taken to improve safety in the wake of this tragedy as we are finalizing this bill, I know we can work together to make it a reality. 
That said, I must say I am dis-
appointed in the direction of the House appropriations process, which risks starving Amtrak of vitally important funds at the very moment we need to be investing more in passenger rail and our country’s crumbling infrastruc-ture. 
Failing to make the proper invest-
ments in our Nation’s infrastructure is indeed crippling our competitiveness in a global economy. A 2012 Federal Re-serve Bank of San Francisco report es-timated that every dollar invested in our national infrastructure increases economic output by at least $2. Failing to invest properly in infrastructure im-provement is threatening the public’s safety. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
the family, friends, and loved ones of the individuals who were killed or in-jured in last night’s train derailment. We still aren’t certain of the exact cause, but this incident is a searing re-minder of the fragility of life. It is im-portant that we also remember that we should do everything necessary to safe-guard life, to make sure we have it and have it more abundantly. 
Nothing can fix the damage that has 
been done to these families and their communities. We all grieve as a nation for the loss of life and pray for those injured, that they recover. 
I say now that we must work tire-
lessly to prevent another tragedy like this from occurring and that we must do everything necessary so we as a na-tion can have a rail infrastructure and highways, roads, bridges—have an in-frastructure as a whole that reflects the greatness of the people of our coun-try. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise today to talk about an issue that, by some estimates, has cost the United 
States as many as 5 million jobs, which is a lot of jobs, and that is the issue of currency manipulation. 
We are going to have an opportunity, 
now that there is an agreement, to move forward on all of the issues re-lated to trade, whether it is fast-track or helping workers or enforcement issues or the other pieces that will be in front of us. We will have an impor-tant opportunity to seriously move for-ward in a positive way for our manu-facturers and for agriculture and for all those who are impacted by currency manipulation. 
In fact, currency manipulation is the 
most significant 21st-century trade barrier that American businesses and workers face today and is the least en-forced against. We take the least amount of action against currency ma-nipulation, and yet it is the most sig-nificant 21st-century trade barrier. If we don’t take meaningful action to ad-dress this issue, we stand to lose even more jobs at a time when our economy is desperately trying to recover. 
Our workers are the best in the 
world, and we can compete with any-body—our businesses can compete with anybody as long as there is a level playing field and the rules are en-forced. But we can’t win when our trad-ing partners cheat, and that is what is happening right now. When they ma-nipulate their currency—when Japan does it, when China does it, when other countries do it—they are cheating. 
A strong U.S. dollar against a weak 
foreign currency, particularly one that is artificially weak due to government manipulation, means foreign products are cheaper here and U.S. products are more expensive there. For example, one U.S. automaker estimates that the weak yen gives Japanese competitors anywhere from a $6,000 to $11,000 advan-tage on the price of a car, depending on the make and model. It is hard for our American carmakers to compete when they are effectively seeing a $6,000 to $11,000 higher sticker price—more ex-pensive than Japanese vehicles not be-cause of any other difference at all, just currency manipulation. That is a large difference that is based on cur-rency manipulation. In fact, we have seen some numbers that—at some points in time, the entire profit on a vehicle will be from currency manipu-lation. 
We keep hearing about opening Ja-
pan’s markets to U.S. automakers. While that is fine and that sounds nice, it is really a red herring when we look at what is going on because Japan right now has zero percent tariffs on U.S. cars. So it is not the tariffs that are keeping out our cars; it is the com-plicated web of nontariff barriers that Japan uses to keep out American auto-mobiles. 
Beyond that, what is significant and 
what we have learned is there is little appetite for American cars in Japan. Last year, Ford’s share of imports in Japan was 1.5 percent. Chevy was less than one-third of 1 percent. There were 
13 times as many Rolls Royces im-ported into Japan last year than Buicks, but that is not because there were all kinds of Rolls Royces going into Japan. It is because there were only 11 Buicks, not 1,100, not 11,000—11. 
One of the things that is interesting 
is that in Japan they buy Japanese ve-hicles. I wish in America we bought American-made vehicles. We would not be seeing as much of this challenge. It is a different culture there in terms of the pride of buying Japanese vehicles and, in fact, doing what they can to keep others out through nontariff trade barriers. Taking down the trade barriers is a good thing. I support it, but it is not enough. That is not what this is about when we are talking about the transpacific trade agreement and the worries of American auto-makers and other manufacturers as we do that. That is not the big challenge. It is not about just trade barriers, making life easier for the handful of Japanese consumers who are looking to buy an automobile from outside their country. Our manufacturers tell us that is not the main concern. It is not about competing in the United States or Japan; it is about competing every-where else in the world. That is the problem. 
Japan has a population of 120 million 
people, but Brazil has a population of 200 million people. India has a popu-lation of 1.2 billion people. In emerging markets, American-made vehicles are at a severe competitive disadvantage compared to vehicles produced in Japan or Korea, when those countries choose to manipulate their currency, which has happened many, many times. 
We are competing, Japan is com-
peting, and the United States is com-peting for those 1.2 billion customers. If they can artificially bring down their price $6,000, $7,000, $10,000 or more to sell into those areas, even though it is illegal in terms of the international community—they have signed up say-ing they will not do it. But if they are allowed to do it and if our trade agree-ments allow them to do it, it is not fair. 
Why would we do that to American 
companies? Why would we do that to American workers? Why would we allow that kind of cheating to occur? That is what the amendment that Sen-ator P
ORTMAN and I have is all about, 
that we will be offering and asking sup-port for. 
This is not an issue that only im-
pacts the auto industry or other manu-facturers. As everyone knows, I care deeply about agriculture, as the cur-rent ranking member and former chair of the agriculture committee. Agri-culture is impacted by currency manip-ulation as well. As a competitive sector in the global economy, any practice that distorts the economy, disrupts trade, and threatens employment has an impact on U.S. farmers and ranch-ers as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.038 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2839 May 13, 2015 
Unfortunately, the language cur-
rently included in the TPA bill does not adequately address these issues, be-cause if we are going to be effective around currency provisions, we have to make sure they are enforceable. There is some language there, but unlike other parts of the TPA, there is not language requiring that any provisions in a trade agreement be enforceable. That is why Senator P
ORTMAN and I 
have introduced an amendment to this bill—to the TPA bill—that simply adds clear language to require that any fu-ture trade deals must include enforce-able currency provisions. Very impor-tantly, the provisions will be con-
sistent with existing International Monetary Fund commitments that all of these countries have made. They signed up saying they are not going to do currency manipulation, but we do not have enforcement to make sure it does not happen. Also, importantly, this does not affect domestic monetary policy. 
I understand the arguments. I have 
great respect for our Secretary of the Treasury, whom I work with all the time, and 99 percent of the time we are singing the same song—not on this one and the same thing with the President, someone whom I admire deeply. I have to say this administration has done more than any other White House, I think, that I have worked with as a Senator or even in the House, to make sure we are enforcing our trade laws, taking trade actions, winning trade cases in the WTO. I am very grateful for that. But when it comes to cur-rency, there has been a debate saying that somehow our Fed policy, quan-titative easing—what we do inside our country is somehow impacted by the definitions of the IMF, which is not ac-curate. A country can say it is. Any-body can say anything, but it would not hold up because it is not accurate. We are talking about foreign trans-actions, the monetary policies of for-eign competitors in the global econ-omy. 
I am very pleased that we have bipar-
tisan support for our amendment. We are adding supporters all the time. Senator R
OUNDS , Senator B URR, Sen-
ator C ASEY , Senator S HAHEEN , and we 
have other Senators that will be join-ing us as well. We have growing sup-port and understanding of how critical this is. 
The inclusion of strong and enforce-
able currency provisions in our trade agreements make clear to our trading partners that this uncompetitive trade practice will no longer be accepted. We are not just going to talk about it. We talk a lot about it. We talk a lot about this issue and the loss of American jobs because of currency manipulation. But by putting it in the core instructions for our negotiators as they walk into a trade negotiation, to have listed along-side critical provisions regarding labor laws and environment and intellectual property rights and human rights and other areas, to say currency manipula-tion, your policies around currency we 
believe are critically important in a global economy if we are going to com-pete on a level playing field and not continue to lose American jobs. 
Some would call this amendment a 
poison pill to the TPA. That could not be further from the truth. It is abso-lutely possible. In fact, we have Mem-bers supporting our amendment who also support TPA, the underlying bill. They want to make sure it is a clear outline of the priorities and instruc-tions for any negotiations. 
I have not heard from a single one of 
my colleagues that he or she will op-pose the bill because our amendment is not adopted. This is not a poison pill. What I do hear repeatedly, though, is that one of the principal justifications for granting the administration trade promotion authority, fast-track—a process where we can amend it, a sim-ple majority vote—is that Congress sets forth its priorities in trade pro-motion authority. 
We are laying out what is important 
for the people of our country, for our businesses, for our workers in trade ne-gotiations. If that is the case, then how can something deemed appropriate, deemed a priority by all of us be a poi-son pill? 
It is not our job to match our prior-
ities with their negotiations. The nego-tiations are supposed to match our pri-orities. They are laid out in TPA. Oth-erwise, why do we give fast-track au-thority? 
It is our responsibility on behalf of 
American businesses, American work-ers, and American communities to tell the administration what we expect them to fight for on behalf of the peo-ple of our country. We already insist on enforceable standards in other negoti-ating objectives. I support these, and I believe they should be as strong as pos-sible, including issues around labor law, environment, and intellectual property rights. Why should currency manipulation be any different? 
This is about Congress setting up the 
list of priorities for negotiating objec-tives, and then in return for that, we then allow a fast-track process where any final bill cannot be amended. If we are going to give up that authority, that power, I think we have a right to lay out the conditions under which we would do that. 
If we lost 5 million jobs around the 
globe—5 million jobs because of cur-rency manipulation coming predomi-nantly from Asian countries that we are now negotiating with—we have a right to say we want that to stop. We expect there to be a strong, enforceable currency manipulation provision in any law we pass that then gives up our right to amend a trade agreement. 
There is no way that I believe the en-
tire transpacific agreement hinges on whether we include enforceable cur-rency provisions. If that is true, it calls into question what else is in the agree-ment. Why are there TPP countries that are so concerned about enforce-able standards—which, by the way, 
they have all signed up through the IMF as part of the global community— they have all signed that they will not do it. If the argument now is that they are not doing it, then why are people fighting so hard to keep this require-ment out of TPA if they are so con-fident this will never occur again? 
Our ability to address currency 
issues in trade agreements is not com-plicated, again, by our own domestic monetary policies, including quan-titative easing. In fact, we specifically put in the amendment that it does not affect domestic monetary policies. 
We have heard this over and over 
again. There has been confusion that has been spread. The IMF has rules about what is and what is not direct currency manipulation. They are clear rules. They are rules that all of the IMF countries have agreed to. They are rules that the United States has fol-lowed while they are doing quan-titative easing. They are rules that Japan has flagrantly violated not once or twice but 376 times since 1991. 
We are hearing that we do not need 
enforceable language as a negotiating objective in the fast-track bill because Japan is not manipulating the cur-rency anymore. Well, 376 times they have chosen to do that. Once we pass this, there is nothing stopping them from making it 377. What stops them is if they know that Congress is giving di-rection to the negotiators to make sure there is enforceable provisions in the trade agreement. 
Let’s be clear. The United States is 
clearly following the rules with our do-mestic monetary policy. We are fol-lowing the rules. Therefore, we would not be affected by this, and our amend-ment specifically references that. We are not talking about domestic policy. Other countries could say that. They would be wrong. They would have no legal standing to say it. You can say anything. But we do know this: Japan has flagrantly violated the rules of the IMF—that they signed on the dotted line to support—376 times since 1991. Adding enforceable currency provisions to a trade deal simply adds enforce-ment to the commitments that Japan and 187 other countries have already made as a part of the International Monetary Fund. 
On that point, I appreciate the ef-
forts this administration has made to engage on this issue with our trading partners both bilaterally and through multilateral forms such as the G–20 and the IMF. But, quite frankly, we have not seen enough meaningful progress despite, I am sure, our good efforts. The progress we have seen can be wiped out at a moment’s notice and without any meaningful recourse if we do not require enforceable provisions in the fast-track law. 
Then there is China. While they are 
not currently a party to the TPP, it is no secret they are interested in joining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.040 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2840 May 13, 2015 
it down the road. While China’s ex-
change rate may be up nearly 30 per-cent since 2010, the Treasury’s own re-port to Congress released just last month concludes that China’s currency remains significantly undervalued, which, by the way, is the reason we also need to make sure the Customs bill, which will be coming before us, 
maintains what we did in the Finance Committee. It should maintain the im-portant legislation which Senator S
CHUMER and Senator G RAHAM have 
been leading for years. I am proud to be a part of that, along with Senator B
ROWN and many others. We came to-
gether on a bipartisan basis to make sure that China, which is not involved in the negotiations right now, is also held accountable for currency manipu-lation. 
These two issues are not mutually 
exclusive; they are part of the whole ef-fort. If they are part of a negotiating agreement and it is TPP or any other one, we want to make sure our nego-tiators put this in the deal. If they are outside of it, we want to also make sure they cannot cheat. That is why both of these are very important poli-cies, and I strongly support both of them in order to move forward in a comprehensive way on currency manip-ulation enforcement. 
For too long, we have relied on hand-
shake agreements and good-faith assur-ances from our trading partners around the world that they would adhere to the same standards we set for our-selves. For too long, we have seen our trading partners ignore their commit-ments by breaking the rules and leav-ing American workers and businesses at a competitive disadvantage. It is time for us to say enough is enough. We don’t have to keep doing this to ourselves. 
I am very pleased that we have taken 
a step forward in a couple of directions. I mentioned the Schumer bipartisan proposal which so many of us have worked on. That is a very important piece of this puzzle. The other piece of this puzzle is the Portman-Stabenow amendment. As I said, these are not mutually exclusive; they are com-plementary. I hope my colleagues will support both of them to demonstrate a serious commitment. It is not enough to support a policy in one bill and not support a similar policy in the other part of the picture here, the other bill. If you support enforcing against cur-rency manipulation—you either do or you don’t. You do or you don’t. We want to make sure we are doing it against those not part of the TPP ne-gotiations and those who are. We want to make sure that they get signed into law and that they, in fact, are the law of the land. It is long past due that we take meaningful action on this issue. 
I don’t know how many times I have 
come to the floor since coming here in 2001 to speak about this and to be a part of this effort. It has always been bipartisan, and I am glad to see that. We need a strong, bipartisan vote on the Portman-Stabenow amendment. 
We have understood—those of us who represent manufacturing and agricul-tural States—that this is a critical piece that will help to level the playing field so our businesses, our farmers, our ranchers, and our workers have every opportunity to compete and win. I know they will. I don’t have a doubt in my mind. 
Our job is to make sure that there is 
fairness, that we have the best trade deals, that they are enforceable, and that we have the tools to enforce them, which is also in front of us with the Customs bill. We have to have all of it. We are in a global economy. Everybody is competing. Our job is to make sure we are exporting our products and not our jobs. 
If we do not focus in a very serious, 
real way on addressing currency ma-nipulation, we will, in fact, leave a giant loophole which those companies will drive right through and will allow them to continue cheating and taking our jobs. We can fix that, and I am hopeful my colleagues will join us on a bipartisan basis for a very strong vote so we can send a message to the admin-istration that we are serious—includ-ing this as one of the instructions to them—as to what we expect to be in trade agreements going forward. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, this 
week, I introduced a bipartisan resolu-tion to commemorate National Police Week, which this year began on Mon-day, May 10, and ends on Saturday, May 16. Senator L
EAHY , the ranking 
member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary, and 32 others have joined me as original cosponsors of this measure. The theme of this year’s Police Week is ‘‘Honoring Courage, Saluting Sac-rifice.’’ 
Police Week is dedicated to the brave 
men and women in blue who selflessly protect and serve our communities every day, every week, in every com-munity all across the country. The week affords an opportunity to honor those who have made the ultimate sac-rifice while striving to make our neigh-borhoods safer and more secure. 
Events are scheduled in Washington, 
DC, this week not only to remember those officers who tragically lost their lives in the line of duty but also to honor outstanding acts of bravery and service by many others. 
Tens of thousands of police officers, 
as well as their friends and family members, will gather in our Nation’s Capital for these events, which include a candlelight vigil and a Police Unity 
Tour arrival ceremony, among other events. 
On this day, the 34th Annual Na-
tional Peace Officers Memorial Service takes place here on the Capitol grounds. This solemn service offers an opportunity for all of us to pay our re-spects to fallen officers and their fami-lies, communities, and law enforce-ment agencies that have been perma-nently altered because these officers paid the ultimate sacrifice. We owe these brave men and women our ut-most respect and gratitude as we honor them on this important day. 
A report by the National Law En-
forcement Officers Memorial Fund showed a 9-percent increase in the number of officers killed in the line of duty in 2014 compared to the previous year’s fatalities. Gunfire was the lead-ing cause of death among law enforce-ment officers last year, and ambushes were the leading circumstance of offi-cer fatalities in these deaths, according to this report. The number of firearms- related deaths in 2014 represents a 24- percent increase over the previous year. 
This is the fifth consecutive year 
that ambushes have been the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law en-forcement officers, according to the National Sheriffs’ Association. In my home State of Iowa, there have been nearly 200 line-of-duty deaths over many years. The fallen include numer-ous law enforcement personnel who were shot and killed or struck by vehi-cles while on duty. 
At the National Law Enforcement Of-
ficers Memorial, the names of these Iowans and approximately 20,000 other men and women who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. his-tory are carved in the memorial’s wall. Regrettably, 273 new names will be added to the rolls this week to depict the loss of a loved one who did not re-turn home safely at the end of his or her duty. 
Already, in 2015, we have witnessed 44 
tragic deaths and senseless murders of our law enforcement protectors and our guardians of the peace. Just this past weekend, we all heard on tele-vision that Hattiesburg, MS, Police De-partment Officers Benjamin Deen and Liquori Tate were quickly and vio-lently murdered during a traffic stop that was anything but routine. Our hearts go out to their families and the families of all who have lost their loved ones in the line of duty. 
The men and women of law enforce-
ment go to work shift after shift, fre-quently missing celebrations of birth-days, anniversaries, and holidays be-cause they believe in serving some-thing greater than themselves. The work of law enforcement is not a job; it is a calling to these people. That call-ing and those officers’ devotion to duty merits our utmost respect and grati-tude. 
As I conclude, I call on all Americans 
this week to pause and contemplate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.042 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2841 May 13, 2015 
the safety and security we all enjoy. 
We all must recognize that such peace is the result of sacrifices made by brave men and women of law enforce-ment. 
I also wish to take this opportunity 
to thank my colleagues for their over-whelming support of this year’s resolu-tion designating National Police Week, which this week passed the full Senate by unanimous consent. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, we have 
all now heard the good news with re-gard to our ongoing efforts to advance U.S. trade policy. We are talking about trillions of dollars over the years. After a lot of discussion and back and forth, we have come to an agreement on a path forward. I am very happy to say that finally, at long last, common sense has prevailed. 
On April 22, the Senate Finance Com-
mittee reported four separate trade bills—a bill to renew trade promotion authority, or TPA; another to reau-thorize trade adjustment assistance, or TAA; a trade preferences bill; and a Customs and Enforcement bill. 
Throughout the recent discussion on 
trade policy, the TPA bill has gotten most of the attention. That makes sense. After all, it is President Obama’s top legislative priority. If we could get it passed, its impact would be felt im-mediately. And he is right on that, President Obama is right on this issue, and I am happy to help him get this through, if we can. 
The TAA bill—the trade adjustment 
assistance bill—although I am not ec-static to admit it, is part of the effort. We have known from the outset that in order to ensure passage of TPA, that TAA must move along with it. That is a concession we were always willing to make, although most of us on the Re-publican side are not all that crazy about TAA and many will vote against it, including me. TAA is trade adjust-ment assistance, and that is what the union movement has insisted on. Democrats are unanimously in favor of it. Republicans are not ecstatic about it at all. In fact, we think it is a waste in many ways, but it is the price of doing business on TPA. 
The path to the other two bills, the 
preferences bill and the Customs bill, has always been a bit more uncertain, but once again, we knew that from the beginning. 
I am pleased to say that we have 
reached an agreement that will allow us to consider and hopefully pass all four of the Finance Committee trade bills in relatively short order. Under the agreement, the Senate will vote to-morrow on our Customs bill as well as 
our trade preferences bill. This will pave the way for another cloture vote on the motion to proceed to a vehicle to move TPA and TAA. 
Although I am wary of counting my 
proverbial chickens before they are hatched—no pun intended—I expect we will get a strong bipartisan vote in favor of finally beginning the debate on these important bills, and we should. 
This is, in my opinion, the best of all 
possible outcomes. This is what Repub-licans have been working toward all along—and, I might add, some coura-geous Democrats as well. While we could not and still cannot guarantee that all four bills will become law, we certainly want to see the Customs and preferences bills pass the Senate. I am a coauthor of both of those bills. They are high priorities for me. It was never my intention to let them wither on the legislative calendar. I was always going to do everything in my power to help move them forward. That is why at the Finance Committee markup I com-mitted to work with my colleagues to try to get all four of these bills across the finish line. That is the agreement which was made, and as of right now, it appears we will be able to make good on that commitment on a much short-er timeline than I think any of us ex-pected. 
Yesterday was a difficult day. I think 
it was pretty obvious to any observer that I was more than a little frus-trated. Today, I am very glad to see that my colleagues have recognized our desire to move all of these important bills and that they have agreed with us on a workable path forward. But now is not the time to celebrate. While this agreement solves a temporary proce-dural issue, now is when the real work begins. 
As I mentioned yesterday, it has been 
years—decades even—since we have had a real debate over U.S. trade policy here on the Senate floor, and I am quite certain we have a spirited debate ahead of us. I am looking forward to a fair and open discussion of all of these important issues. It is high time we let this debate move forward. Indeed, it is what the American people deserve. 
I am glad we now have a pathway for-
ward. This is something into which the President has put an awful lot of effort. He has an excellent Trade Representa-tive in Michael Froman, one of the best Trade Representatives we could pos-sibly have, a very bright man. He has worked very hard on these trade deals. They won’t come to fruition until we pass trade promotion authority. Keep in mind that is the procedural mecha-nism which will enable the administra-tion to get final approvals by these 11 countries in Asia and the 28 countries in Europe, plus ours. 
This is very important, and I for one 
am very pleased that we have been able to get this through the Senate Finance Committee. That couldn’t have hap-pened without the help of Democrats on the other side and in particular Sen-ator W
YDEN . We did part ways in this 
fiasco that occurred, but hopefully we are back together now. 
All I can say is that this is one of the 
most important bills in this Presi-dent’s tenure, and it is a bill that could benefit every State in this Union and especially my State of Utah, where we did $7 billion in foreign trade last year alone. For a State our size—3 million people—that is pretty good, but I ex-pect us to do a lot better under trade promotion authority. 
Hopefully, the final agreements that 
are made in TPP and TTIP will be agreements that everybody can agree will help our country move forward. It will help us to have greater relations with other countries throughout the world. It will help us to encourage our own industries to be improve and be the best in the world and will be one of those approaches that literally will shape the world at large. 
TPA is an important bill. I hope we 
can pass it. I believe we will. As I have said, I am not a fan of the TAA bill and never will be, but we understand why that has to pass as well—because the bipartisan coalition that supports it would probably not permit trade pro-motion authority without it. 
All I can say is that I have faith that 
we have arrived and resolved this im-passe, and I hope that in the coming days we will be able to pass trade pro-motion authority and really put this country back on the trade path which it really deserves to be on and on which the rest of the world will be pleased to have us, where we can have greater co-operation and greater friendships and greater feelings throughout the world than we have right now. 
With that, Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as this 
body moves to consider trade legisla-tion, it is our obligation to make sure that our existing and future trade laws are enforced and that we are looking out for those hurt by our trade agree-ments. 
Nearly everyone who supports these 
agreements—conservatives, Repub-licans, Democrats—nearly everyone who supports these agreements, even the most vocal cheerleaders for free trade, such as the Wall Street Journal editorial board, all admit that trade agreements create winners and losers. 
So if this body is going to vote for a 
new trade agreement, if the President is going to insist that we pass a new trade agreement, it is up to all of us that when there are winners and losers, we take care of the losers. If people lose their jobs because of a trade agree-ment passed by Congress, because of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.049 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2842 May 13, 2015 
trade agreement pushed and negotiated 
by the White House and ultimately ratified by Congress, approved by Con-gress, it is up to us to take care of those people who lost their jobs be-cause of what we do; that is, to make sure they get the training and support they need, whether they are 30 years old, 40 years old or 55 years old, to find new careers. We owe it to American companies, and we owe it to American workers to make sure the laws we make are enforced and that they create a more level playing field. 
We cannot have trade promotion 
without trade enforcement. That is why the provisions contained in the Customs bill are so important. 
Let me go through three provisions— 
probably the most salient, probably the most important provisions in the Cus-toms bill. 
Now, go back a few weeks, and in the 
Finance Committee we worked on four bills. We worked on the African Growth and Opportunity Act, and it passed overwhelmingly—no opposition. 
We worked on the Customs bill that 
had a number of trade enforcement provisions. Those are the three I will talk about in a moment—the three major provisions. 
We also passed training adjustment 
assistance, where workers who lose jobs because of trade agreements get help from the Federal Government, be-cause we made these decisions here that ultimately cost them their jobs. 
And fourth is trade promotion au-
thority, so-called fast-track. 
What this Senate did yesterday, 
when Senator M
CCONNELL tried to 
bring up just trade adjustment assist-ance and fast-track to the floor, is that the Senate said no—a denial of clo-ture—because so many of us wanted to make sure that we didn’t leave the trade enforcement behind. You simply shouldn’t send a trade agreement to the President’s desk—or trade negoti-ating authority to the President’s desk—without helping those workers who lose their jobs, without provisions to enforce trade laws. 
Let me talk about the three. First, 
there is currency. For trade to work, all parties have to play by the same rules. We must protect American work-ers and American companies from for-eign governments that artificially ma-nipulate their currencies. This puts U.S. exports at a serious disadvantage and results in artificially cheap im-ports here at home. 
So in other words, when a Chinese 
company, benefiting from manipula-tion of currency, sells a product into the United States, they can sell it 15, 20 or 25 percent less expensively—more cheaply—because of their currency ad-vantage. Because they have cheated on currency, they can sell it more cheaply than it would cost otherwise, which un-dercuts our businesses’ ability to com-pete. 
Conversely, when American pro-
ducers try to sell something in China, it has a 15-percent, 20-percent or 25-per-cent add on the price, almost like a 
tariff. It is not really a tariff. It is real-ly a currency advantage that the Chi-nese have created that makes our 
goods not particularly sellable when trying to compete with Chinese goods. 
China’s currency manipulation has 
been a problem for years, resulting in artificially expensive American im-ports to China and artificially cheap Chinese exports to the United States. It is not only China. The Peterson In-stitute for International Economics es-timates at least 10 other countries en-gage in these practices—many of them mimicking what China does. 
This puts our American manufactur-
ers at a serious disadvantage. Currency manipulations already cost our Nation up to 5 million jobs. It continues to be a drag on Ohio’s economy and on our Nation’s economy. Diplomatic efforts to address this cheating simply haven’t worked, and we will continue to lose jobs if we don’t take action. 
This is a problem under Presidents of 
both parties. We have been asking for currency legislation for over a decade— with President Bush, who opposed it; with President Obama, who opposes it. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do that. 
The Economic Policy Institute esti-
mates that addressing currency manip-ulation could support the creation of up to 5.8 million jobs and reduce our trade deficit by at least $200 billion. This provision contained in the bill be-fore us today would clarify that cur-rent countervailing duty law can ad-dress currency undervaluation. It would make it clear that the Depart-ment of Commerce cannot refuse to in-vestigate a subsidy allegation based on the single fact that a subsidy is avail-able in other circumstances, in addi-tion to export. American businesses have been put at a disadvantage for too long, and it has hurt American work-ers. Now is the time to crack down on currency manipulation. 
Issue No. 2 is leveling the playing 
field. This year I introduced the Lev-eling the Playing Field Act, which was included in the Customs bill we are de-bating. It would strengthen enforce-ment of our trade laws. It would give U.S. companies the tools they need to fight back against unfair and illegal trade practices. It would restore strength to antidumping and counter-vailing duty statutes. It would allow industry to petition the Commerce De-partment and the International Trade Commission when foreign companies are breaking the rules. 
It has been a particular problem in 
the steel industry. The domestic rebar industry, making steel reinforcement bars—the rebar used in highways, bridges, and roadways—is operating at only 60 percent, an historic low, due to foreign dumping. I met today with a rebar steel manufacturer from Cin-cinnati to talk about this. He has been involved in trade disputes with Turkey and other countries. 
Finished steel imports grew 36 per-
cent last year. In the first quarter of this year, finished steel imports are up 
another 35 percent. Imports of these finished steel products have captured 34 percent of the U.S. market as of March 2015. 
An Economic Policy Institute report 
shows that the American steel industry risks long-term damage, including put-ting more than half a million steel-re-lated jobs at risk, nearly 34,000 in my State, unless the U.S. Government fully enforces its trade remedy rules. We know that when foreign steel is dumped illegally in our country, Amer-ican workers pay the price. 
Leveling the Playing Field—title V 
of the Customs bill, that section that was amended that was put in the bill prior to markup—is critical to all American companies facing a flood of imports. It would restore strength to U.S. trade remedy laws to ensure that our American workers and our compa-nies are treated fairly. 
The last issue is child labor. This bill 
includes a provision to end an embar-rassing, shameful, disgusting loophole in our trade laws. It would close an outdated, 85-year-old loophole that al-lows some goods made with either forced or child labor—unbelievably, for 85 years we have allowed this—to be imported into the United States. It would strike language in section 307 of the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act that pro-vides an exception to our prohibition on the importation of goods that are made with forced labor. 
This loophole, called the consump-
tive demand loophole—that sounds not nearly as bad as the child labor loop-hole—allows goods made with forced labor, including child labor, to be im-ported into the country if there isn’t enough domestic supply to meet do-mestic demand. 
This exception was included in 
Smoot-Hawley in 1930, before the United States passed a law banning child labor. That is how outdated this provision is. So when this provision was adopted, child labor was still legal. We banned child labor, but we have let this loophole stand to allow the im-porting of goods produced by child labor for 85 years. The Fair Labor Standards Act, which outlawed child labor in the United States, was signed into law in 1938, and yet this loophole still stands. 
The United States has ratified the 
International Labor Organization Con-vention 182 against the worst forms of child labor. We have ratified the Inter-national Labor Organization Conven-tion 138 on the minimum age of work. We have passed laws against child labor in Congress and in State legisla-tures. We are a strong partner in inter-national efforts to eradicate child labor. Yet, the consumptive demand loophole—child labor, forced labor—al-lows those products produced in that fashion to come into the United States. We have allowed the consumptive de-mand loophole to stay on the books. 
Since the 1990s, there have been val-
iant efforts by some of my colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.053 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2843 May 13, 2015 
to fix this. I want to acknowledge Sen-
ator Harkin for his efforts. He has since retired, at the beginning of this year. Senator S
ANDERS , the junior Sen-
ator from Vermont, has been involved in this issue for a long time. 
Child labor is never OK. We are talk-
ing about children being forced to work in deplorable conditions, often under extreme duress. There is never—never a justification for that. And there is no compromise on this issue. No product made with forced labor should be al-lowed to come into the country, period. End of discussion. It is immoral. It is imperative to fix this, and we can fix this. The Senate should not remain si-lent on this issue. Now is the time to shut the door on this ugly chapter of U.S. law. We do it by passing the Cus-toms bill today. 
All these provisions were added to 
the bill with strong bipartisan support in the Committee on Finance. It is im-perative they make it to the Presi-dent’s desk. If we are going to continue to pursue an aggressive trade pro-motion agenda, we must combine it with equally strong trade enforcement language. Without enforcement, we are willfully stacking the deck for our for-eign competitors and against American businesses and American workers. We see what happens when steel mills close. We see what happens when man-ufacturers close their doors because they can’t compete with artificially cheap imports. 
Trade agreements and trade law 
without enforcement amount to no free trade at all. They amount to lawless-ness. Without proper trade enforce-ment, American producers who play by the rules will continue to be undersold by foreign producers who are cheating the market. We can’t leave our compa-nies and our workers with no recourse against unfair, illegal business prac-tices. That is why the Customs bill is so important. That is why the currency provisions, the level-the-playing-field title V provision, and the ban on child labor are so very important. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the opportunity to come to the floor to talk a little about the cus-toms legislation that is now before us. As my colleague from Ohio just talked about, there are some very important provisions in this legislation that help to ensure that, yes, while we are ex-panding exports, we are also ensuring we have a more level playing field for our workers and our farmers. 
My State of Ohio is a State where we 
like exports. We have about 25 percent of our factory jobs there because of ex-ports. But we want to be sure we are getting a fair shake. Working with Senator B
ROWN and others, we put to-
gether some great provisions that are going to be part of this customs legis-lation. I am hopeful we can get this passed. It is part of the Customs bill as it passed in the Committee on Finance, but I am also hopeful it will be in 
whatever provision goes over to the House and also is signed by the Presi-dent into law. 
Growing exports, of course, is a top 
priority—I hope it is a top priority for everybody here in the Chamber—and therefore trade-opening agreements are a good idea because we want to knock down barriers for our farmers and our workers, who are doing everything we have asked them to do to be more com-petitive and yet still face unfair trade overseas. So we want to knock down those barriers. Some are tariff barriers and some are nontariff barriers. 
Where we have a trade agreement, we 
tend to export a lot more. Only about 10 percent of the world has a trade agreement with the United States. We don’t have trade agreements with Eu-rope or Japan or with China. But in that 10 percent of the global economy, we send 47 percent of our exports. So, yes, trade agreements are important to open up markets for us. 
Ninety-five percent of consumers live 
outside our borders, so we want to sell to them. By the way, when we don’t continue to sell to them and expand that, what happens is other countries come in and take our markets, and therefore our economy becomes weaker and we lose jobs here in this country. That is what is happening right now. For the last 7 years, we haven’t been able to negotiate agreements because we have not had this promotion au-thority to be able to knock down bar-riers to trade. So that is important. 
But, colleagues, while we do that, we 
also have to be darn sure this level playing field occurs because otherwise we are not giving our workers and our farmers a fair shake. That is where we ought to be with a balanced approach— opening up more markets to our ex-ports but also ensuring that trade is fair. There are a lot of ways to do that, and in this legislation before us we really help to keep our competitors’ feet to the fire to make sure they are playing by the rules. One is with regard to trade enforcement cases. There is language in here that makes it easier for American companies to seek the re-lief they deserve when another country is selling products into the United States unfairly because they subsidize the product illegally or because they sell it at below their cost, which is called dumping. 
There are a lot of companies in Ohio 
that have had the opportunity to go to the International Trade Administra-tion to seek remedy and some help, but often they find that it is so difficult to show they are injured, by the time they get help, it is too late. So what this legislation does is it says that when we have these trade cases, we want to have the ability to actually make our case and in a timely manner get some kind of relief. Otherwise, why do we have these laws? If you can’t get timely relief, sometimes you find your-self so far underwater you can’t get back on your feet. That is why I am really excited about passing this Cus-
toms bill, because if we do that, we will put in place a better way for companies to go to their government and to seek the relief their workers deserve and to get it in a timely manner so it can really help them. 
I was recently in northwest Ohio 
meeting with steelworkers to discuss one of these cases that has to do with Chinese tires coming into the United States. These particular workers were at Cooper Tire in Findlay, OH, which, by the way, just marked 100 years in business. We want them to be in busi-ness another 100 years, but they are having a tough time because they can’t compete with tires being sold at below their cost. In response to the concerns they raised with me, I sent a letter to the Secretary of Commerce and called on the administration to vigorously in-vestigate this case and to stand up for United Steelworkers in northwest Ohio. 
We now have a trade enforcement 
case we are working on involving the uncoated paper product made in Chil-licothe, OH, at Glatfelter. Again, these are United Steelworker workers who are just asking for a fair shake. They want us to be sure that the paper being sent into the United States from other countries is being fairly traded and not illegally subsidized and not sold at below cost or dumped. 
So the tire case and the paper case 
are two examples where the material injury standard would really matter. 
This is an important time for us be-
cause in Ohio we have a lot of other cases too. In 2014, we had a couple of important trade victories. Last year, I worked with Senator B
ROWN to support 
Ohio pipe and tube workers in Cleve-land and the Mahoning Valley who are manufacturing parts to support the en-ergy renaissance taking place in our State and around the country. I visited these pipe and tube manufacturers and met with the workers. 
By the way, these workers are doing 
a great job. Again, they have made concessions to be more competitive. The companies have put a big invest-ment in their training and a big invest-ment in technology, and they can com-pete if there is a level playing field, and they can win in the international competition. 
We won two trade enforcement cases 
just last year, among others against China, where they were illegally under-selling and subsidizing their products. These victories brought some relief for Ohio pipe and tube makers and again gave us a chance to get back on our feet. 
We had another win just last month 
with regard to extending those tariffs to ensure we do have this more level playing field. That followed trade en-forcement wins I supported for workers who manufacture hot rolled steel at ArcelorMittal in Cleveland; AK Steel in Middletown; washing machines at Whirlpool in Clyde, OH; and rebar at the Nucor plant in Marion, OH, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.054 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2844 May 13, 2015 
also rebar made elsewhere, including 
Byer Steel in Cincinnati. I visited both of those plants and talked to the work-ers. They are working hard. They un-derstand they have to compete. They understand it is a global marketplace. They are willing to compete, but they want to be sure it is on a level playing field, and if we do pass this legislation, it will help them in terms of getting that. 
Again, I don’t think it is fair for 
American companies to see products coming in here that are being sub-sidized and undersold and yet they are not able to get the relief they need. So I am hopeful we will be able to pass this legislation as part of the customs law that is going to come before the Senate. That material injury standard is what it ought to be to ensure that, although companies now have access to seek this remedy, that they can actu-ally get the relief they need by having this relief provided more quickly and having the standard be one that can be met by American companies and work-ers who are being hit with these unfair trade practices. 
I am pleased this effort is supported 
by a lot of manufacturers all around the country. Today, I met with the fas-teners from Ohio. These are the folks in Ohio who makes the nuts and bolts and so on. They are interested in this case because, again, they see the abil-ity for them to get a remedy when they need it. It is also supported by US Steel, Timken Steel, Nucor Steel, United Steelworkers, and others. Again, it is a classic example of work-ing together to help protect workers and jobs in places such as Ohio. 
By the way, I hope it will pass as part 
of the Customs bill, but, again, I hope it is also made part of whatever legisla-tion goes over to the House and to the President for his signature, and that may well be the legislation that in-cludes trade promotion authority. 
I am also pleased that this Customs 
bill includes a measure that protects American workers and manufacturers called the ENFORCE Act. It is also part of this package of bills that is in the customs legislation. I have sup-ported and cosponsored this bipartisan bill with Senator W
YDEN since it was 
introduced back in 2011. I have been proud to be the lead Republican on this legislation because, just as I talked about how that bipartisan bill with Senator B
ROWN on the material injury 
standard is so important, we have to be sure that once we win a trade case, countries don’t use diversion to go around whatever provisions are put in place. 
Let me give an example. Sometimes 
a case is won against one country, but then they evade those higher tariffs by moving the production to another country, and they do it precisely be-cause the trade case has been won. It is kind of hard to keep up with that, and that is why this legislation allows the administration to go after this issue of customs evasion. Sometimes compa-nies are spending millions of dollars a 
year fighting these evasion schemes. A lot of time and effort is put into it. 
It extremely concerning that these 
goods continue to illegally enter the country through illegal transshipment and falsified country-of-origin labeling, sometimes undervalued invoices to pay less for duties, and sometimes misclassifying goods so they can slip through our customs without being subject to tariffs. 
Let me give an example of this. 
Workers in Ohio produce prestressed concrete steel wire strand, called PC strand. It is one of our big products in Ohio. We are proud to produce it. It is actually made from carbon wire rod that is used to compress concrete structural members to allow them to withstand very heavy loads. This would be for let’s say bridges, parking ga-rages, and certain concrete founda-tions. 
There are 250 workers at American 
Spring Wire in Bedford, OH, and I vis-ited them and talked to them. They are very interested in this provision be-cause it helps them. Along with two other producers, they were a petitioner in a successful trade case against China a couple of years ago. 
As a result of that action, both anti-
dumping duties and also countervailing duties were put in place. Why? Because this product was coming in illegally subsidized and it was dumped—in other words, sold at below cost. So they went through the right process and were able to get these tariffs in place as it related to China; however, Chinese traders began to approach U.S. pro-ducers and importers with proposals even before the case ended to cir-cumvent this so that the trade orders that would be in place with regard to China would be circumvented by send-ing this product through a third coun-try, where this strand would be re-labeled and possibly repackaged to re-flect a different country of origin. By doing so, these antidumping and coun-tervailing duties would be avoided. 
And once these trade orders against 
PC strand were entered, Malaysia did indeed become a new source—a signifi-cant new source of imports through use of this transshipment approach. 
So that is what this legislation goes 
after. It says, look, when you do this— these kinds of schemes, the U.S. Gov-ernment is required to investigate these cases, and requires Customs to make a preliminary determination when they have suspicion of this hap-pening. This is a big step forward. Again, it is going to help companies, not just successfully go through the process and the great cost of winning one of these cases but actually having it mean something to them and their workers by ensuring companies don’t evade it by going to a third country. 
Another way we can support Amer-
ican jobs that is in this customs legis-lation is called the miscellaneous tar-iffs bill. I am pleased it includes a bi-partisan bill that I coauthored. I au-thored this bill with Senator C
LAIRE  
MCCASKILL of Missouri. I thank her, 
and I also thank a couple of other co-sponsors who have been very helpful in getting this legislation into the Cus-toms bill and getting it onto the floor of the Senate. That includes Senator B
URR of North Carolina and Senator 
TOOMEY of Pennsylvania. 
Senator T OOMEY has been very help-
ful, because under the old way, if we dealt with miscellaneous tariff bills, it was really considered an earmark be-cause it was sort of a rifleshot, where individual Members would take up the cause. He has been very helpful in bringing that issue to the fore and en-suring that under our legislation we are not going to have earmarks. In fact, we are going to be able to have the International Trade Commission be involved to determine what the merits of the cases are, not individual Mem-bers of Congress. That is very impor-tant to me. Senator B
URR has been 
very helpful to kind of bring the textile interests to bear here, to ensure that as we are looking at this issue of mis-cellaneous tariff bills, we are ensuring that the textile industry is protected as are our other manufacturers. 
The miscellaneous tariff bill is inter-
esting. This is for extension of mis-cellaneous tariffs that suspend or lower tariffs on a product that is an input to a manufacturing facility in the United States, where there is no available product in the United States of Amer-ica. 
Right now we are paying tariffs on 
products coming in here where there is no competition in America. If we can, through these miscellaneous tariff bills, either reduce or eliminate these duties, it will be less costly for our manufacturers to compete around the world and less costly for our con-sumers. So this is a good thing for our economy. It is something we ought to be promoting, and I thank our leader-ship for getting this into the customs legislation. Let’s deal with this MTB issue. 
By the way, the old legislation ex-
pired back in January of 2013—January of 2013. Since that time, American manufacturers and consumers have been paying a much higher import duty, which is essentially higher taxes, than they should have to pay. That means they can’t put money into rais-ing wages, increasing benefits for American workers, and maintaining our competitiveness. 
There is a recent study out showing 
the failure to pass this MTB legislation has resulted in a tax hike on U.S. man-ufacturers of $748 million—an economic loss of $1.8 billion over the past several years. 
This legislation is backed by the Na-
tional Association of Manufacturers, along with 185 associations and compa-nies that urge us to quickly act on this, including 8 of those companies and associations in my home State of Ohio. So this is a reform bill that im-mediately restarts this MTB process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.056 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2845 May 13, 2015 
later this year, resolves these earmark 
concerns that we had previously, and allows us to preserve Congress’s tradi-tional and constitutional role in trade policy. It is the right balance. I am ex-cited it is in this Customs bill, along with the other provisions I talked about. 
Next week, I plan to talk more about 
another issue. It is not in the customs legislation, but it will be in the legisla-tion debate regarding trade promotion authority. 
We talked earlier about the impor-
tance of expanding exports through trade promotion authority but also en-suring we had this level playing field. Part of the level playing field is ensur-ing that countries do not manipulate their currency, which takes away so many of the benefits of a trade agree-ment. Chairman Volcker of the Fed has said something I think that is inter-esting in this regard. He has said that in five minutes, exchange rates can wipe out what it took trade nego-tiators ten years to accomplish. 
We will talk more about this next 
week as we talk about trade promotion authority, because I do intend to offer an amendment that is targeted, that is not going to be a poison pill in any re-spect because I think it will actually help us get more votes for trade, which is an important thing, and it is also something that, frankly, does not af-fect the TPP countries immediately because none of them are violating the provisions of the IMF—International Monetary Fund—which is what we use for our definition of currency manipu-lation, but they have in the past, and we don’t want them to in the future. We don’t want them to take away the very benefits that American workers and farmers get from these trade agree-ments. 
I appreciate the time today to talk 
about this customs legislation. I am excited to have it on the floor tomor-row and have the chance to vote on all 
these very important enforcement pro-visions, to ensure that our workers and our farmers are getting a fair shake. 
Then, next week, I hope we will have 
the opportunity to take up trade pro-motion authority and move that for-ward, again, in a way to ensure that we are lowering these barriers overseas for our farmers, our workers, our service providers, so we can access those 95 percent of consumers who are outside of our borders and send more stuff stamped ‘‘Made in America’’ all around the world, adding jobs in Ohio and America. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, yes-
terday, I voted in opposition to cloture on fast-track trade promotion author-ity. 
This was a difficult vote for me. 
Maryland is pulled in two directions on this issue. On one side Maryland’s agri-cultural industries, such as poultry on 
the Eastern Shore and the Port of Bal-timore, where they believe this trade deal will bring economic benefits for the State. On the other side, I have constituents in Dundalk who don’t have a steel industry anymore and wonder why Congress didn’t do more to protect them from the effects of trade. 
Let me be very clear on one point. I 
support trade. I encourage trade. Trade is very important to my State. Mary-land workers can compete successfully in a global marketplace if they are given a level playing field. That is why I support expansion of fair trade. 
In the past, I have supported bilat-
eral trade agreements. We have lever-age in those situations and can get strong, enforceable labor and environ-mental provisions into those agree-ments to improve living standards and stop child labor in sweatshops. But I have always been suspicious of multi-lateral agreements like NAFTA. I have seen too many of these big deals fail to deliver the promises of new jobs and businesses. 
Why is the role of Congress so impor-
tant? To make sure the American peo-ple get a good deal. I am ready to sup-port trade agreements that are good for America, agreements that are good for workers and good for the environ-ment. Congress should consider trade legislation and amendments using the same procedures we use to consider other legislation. 
We should use the leverage of our 
trade agreements to ensure fair com-petition. That means workers in other countries should have the right to or-ganize into unions. Without the strength of collective bargaining, their wages will always be below ours. They should also have worker safety protec-tion and retirement and health care benefits. 
We should use the leverage of our 
trade agreements to encourage coun-tries to respect the basic human rights of their citizens. Everyone deserves the right to live in a healthy, clean, unpolluted environment, and every worker should be guaranteed their fun-damental rights at work. 
When considering trade deals, I also 
have to consider the impact on my State of Maryland. I am a blue-collar Senator. My heart and soul lies with blue-collar America. I spent most of my life in a blue-collar neighborhood. My mother and father owned a neigh-borhood grocery store. When Beth-lehem Steel went on strike, my dad gave those workers credit. My career and public service is one of deep com-mitment to working-class people. In the last decade, working people have faced the loss of jobs, lower wages, a reduced standard of living, and a 
shrinking manufacturing base. 
I believe that a renewal of fast-track 
negotiating authority means more Americans will lose their jobs in the name of free trade. More people will get TAA benefits, but more people will need them. 
Proponents of fast-track say it is in-
evitable that there will be winners and losers. The problem is America’s work-ers and their families always seem to be the losers. They lose their jobs. If they keep their jobs or find new jobs, they lose the wage rates they have earned. I have said before that I don’t want to put American jobs on a fast- track to Mexico or a slow boat to China. 
I had to base my decision on the facts 
and what I know to be true in my State. I have to be with my constitu-ents who have felt repeatedly betrayed by the trade deals. I voted to stand up for American workers and consumers. I voted to stand up for the right and re-sponsibility of Congress to fully con-sider trade agreements. That is why I voted against cloture on fast-track. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF JOE 
DUNN 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Cascade County Deputy Sher-iff Joe Dunn, a dedicated public serv-ant who died in the line of duty on Au-gust 14, 2014. 
On behalf of all Montanans, I thank 
Deputy Dunn for his service to our Na-tion and his community of Great Falls, MT. 
Before enlisting to serve and protect 
his neighbors as a deputy sheriff, Joe Dunn served our Nation in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps and deployed to the battle-fields of Afghanistan. 
Upon returning to Montana, Deputy 
Dunn married the love of his life, Robynn, and they had two children Joey and Shiloh, who were the center of his universe. 
Deputy Dunn’s deep commitment to 
Jesus and love for his family were the guiding principles in which he lived his 
life. 
Montana’s leaders have permanently 
honored the life and service of Deputy Dunn by naming an eight mile stretch of Interstate 15 outside of Great Falls, MT the Joseph J. Dunn Memorial High-way. 
On May 15, 2015, Peace Officers Me-
morial Day, Deputy Dunn’s name will be enshrined forever alongside 273 other brave peace officers who were killed in the line of duty. 
During his lifetime of service, Deputy 
Dunn always went beyond the call of duty to ensure the safety of those he served, often working the evening shift and long hours away from his family. 
Deputy Dunn always put others 
above himself, and he is the kind of leader every Montanan can be proud of. 
Everyone who knew Deputy Dunn has 
been touched by his commitment to serve others, and his passion for mak-ing his community a better place to call home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.058 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2846 May 13, 2015 
But above all, Joe Dunn was a family 
man and regardless of the length of his shift or the difficulty of his day, his top priority was being a father. 
Today as a body, we offer our deepest 
thoughts and prayers to his family: Robynn, Joey, and Shiloh. 
The State of Montana and this coun-
try are endlessly grateful for his serv-ice. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL HENRY BUTTELMANN 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Lt. Col. Henry Buttelmann on receiving the Congres-sional Gold Medal, honoring his role as an American Fighter Ace during the Korean and Vietnam wars. American Fighter Aces are pilots who shot down five or more enemy planes in aerial combat during time of war. It gives me great pleasure to honor Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann for his bravery and his accomplishments while serving the United States of America. 
Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann is 
credited with seven confirmed air vic-tories, five of which were during a short 12-day period. He was the young-est American Fighter Ace of the Ko-rean war and flew a North American F– 86 Sabre when he earned his Ace status. From 1948 to 1950, Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann attended the University of Bridgeport, serving as a private in the 514th Troop Carrier Group with the Air National Guard. After graduating from Big Springs Air Force Base in Texas, he received advanced gunnery training at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. He was then sent to serve in the Korean war beginning December of 1952 and earned his Ace status on June 30, 1953. After his service in the Korean war, Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann re-turned to Nellis Air Force Base for in-structor duty. He then served in the Vietnam war, logging 232 combat mis-sions during his 12-month tour. His service to our country is invaluable. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to 
Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann for his courageous contributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and his bravery earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. His legacy as an American Fighter Ace will continue on for years to come. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann’s sacrifice war-rants only the greatest respect and care in return. 
Lieutenant Colonel Buttelmann dis-
played true dedication to his trade, loyalty to defending his country, and full commitment to excellence as an 
American Fighter Ace. I am both hum-bled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Lt. Col. Henry Buttelmann for all of his achieve-ments. I wish him well in all of his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN (DR.) 
CLAYTON K. GROSS 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Captain (Dr.) Clayton K. Gross on receiving the Con-gressional Gold Medal, honoring his role as an American Fighter Ace dur-ing World War II. American Fighter Aces are pilots who shot down five or more enemy planes in aerial combat during time of war. It gives me great pleasure to honor Captain Gross for his achievements and his bravery in serv-ing the United States of America. 
Captain Gross is credited with six 
and a half confirmed air victories and even shot down a Messerschmitt 262, the world’s first operational jet fighter. He flew a North American P–51 Mus-tang he named ‘‘Live Bait’’ when he earned his Ace status. Captain Gross is a founding member of the American Fighter Aces Association and served as president of the organization from 1978 to 1979. He was also one of four former fighter pilots, representing all Amer-ican Fighter Aces, present when Presi-dent Barack Obama signed the Amer-ican Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act. Captain Gross’s dedication to his country and to his fellow Amer-ican Fighter Aces is invaluable. 
Captain Gross’s service to the United 
States of America earns him a place among the heroes who have so val-iantly defended our freedom. I offer my greatest appreciation to Captain Gross for his courageous contributions to this great Nation. His legacy as an American Fighter Ace will continue on for years to come. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Captain Gross’s sacrifice warrants only the greatest re-spect and care in return. 
During his service, Captain Gross 
demonstrated professionalism, com-mitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the Amer-ican Fighter Aces. His accolade is well deserved. I am both humbled and hon-ored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Captain Clayton Kelly Gross for all of his accomplishments. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO REAR ADMIRAL 
KEVIN S. COOK 
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I take 
this occasion to honor Rear Admiral Kevin S. Cook of the U.S. Coast Guard for his 36 years of dedicated service to our country. He is a man who, through-out his career, has led from the front, and our Nation has benefited greatly from his efforts. 
A native of Freehold, NJ, Rear Admi-
ral Cook earned his bachelor of science degree in ocean engineering and his commission from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in 1979. Rear Admiral Cook spent his early years in the service afloat on ‘‘work boats,’’ the Coast Guard’s black hull/aids to navigation fleet. He served as a deck watch officer on the Coast Guard Cutter Madrona , as 
Executive Officer on the Coast Guard Cutter Bittersweet , and as commanding 
officer of the Coast Guard Cutter Cowslip . 
After his afloat career, Rear Admiral 
Cook developed proficiency in the Coast Guard’s marine safety missions. His first operational ashore tour was at Marine Safety Office Hampton Roads. He was later assigned as executive offi-cer and, subsequently, commanding of-ficer of Marine Safety Office Houston- Galveston—the position he held at the time of the September 11, 2001, attacks. Under his leadership, the Marine Safe-ty Office Houston-Galveston developed integrated tactics, techniques, and pro-cedures to ensure the safety of the ports under its purview. In the years immediately following 9/11, Rear Admi-ral Cook directed homeland security operations while commanding the Re-gional Task Unit covering waters from Freeport, TX, to Lake Charles, LA. He carefully balanced safety and security with the need to facilitate commerce in the largest petrochemical complex in the United States. He executed these duties without any substantial disrup-tion to the waterways or the more than 150 facilities that comprise the Port of Houston. His work established the foundation for Coast Guard maritime security operations today. 
Rear Admiral Cook also spent time 
developing policy for the Coast Guard and the international maritime com-munity. He was an engineer for, and later the Chief of, the Coast Guard’s hazardous materials division. He also served as the director of prevention policy, where he was responsible for many of the Coast Guard’s Marine Safety, Security, and Stewardship mis-sions affecting waterways manage-ment, domestic and international ship-ping, recreational and fishing boats, and port facilities throughout the Na-tion. During this tour, our Nation would once again need Rear Admiral Cook’s leadership and, as before, he would answer that call, serving as the national incident commander’s rep-resentative to BP headquarters for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.017 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2847 May 13, 2015 
oversight of well containment activi-
ties during the 2010 Deep Water Hori-zon response. His specialty knowledge and incident response expertise was in-strumental to the management of the first-ever designated Spill of National Significance, SONS, in U.S. history. 
Rear Admiral Cook later served as 
deputy commander of the Atlantic area in Portsmouth, VA, overseeing oper-
ations spanning five Coast Guard dis-tricts and 40 States, from the Rocky Mountains to the Arabian Gulf. 
Rear Admiral Cook presently serves 
as the commander of the Eighth Coast Guard District. Headquartered in New Orleans, the Eighth District is respon-sible for Coast Guard operations span-ning 26 States, from North Dakota to Brownsville, TX; more than 1,200 miles of Gulf of Mexico shoreline from South Padre Island to the Florida Panhandle; and more than 10,300 miles of inland waterways, including the entire lengths of the Mississippi, Ohio, Mis-souri, Illinois, and Tennessee river sys-tems. It also oversees more than 179,000-square-miles of the Gulf of Mex-ico and the associated oil and gas ex-ploration activities that occur on the Outer Continental Shelf. 
Unique to the Eighth Coast Guard 
District are the wide and varied mis-sions carried out daily across the gulf and heartland of America. Rear Admi-ral Cook has provided strategic vision and critical operational support to en-sure that the nearly 10,000 Active Duty, Reserve, Civilian, and Auxiliary mem-bers under his charge have the nec-essary tools and direction to protect some of our Nation’s busiest ports and waterways. In fact, the Eighth District oversees 17 of the top 40 busiest U.S. ports in terms of gross tonnage shipped annually—ports such as Houston, Lake Charles, Corpus Christi, New Orleans, and Mobile that are vital to our Na-tion’s economic prosperity. The Eighth District’s boundaries also contain the majority of our Nation’s river systems, which facilitate the movement of 880 million tons of cargo annually via towboat and barge traffic. His respon-sibilities stretch 200 miles from shore into the Gulf of Mexico, where there are more than 6,500 oil and gas wells, over 100 mobile offshore drilling units, and approximately 30,000 people work-ing on the Outer Continental Shelf every day. This is a vast area to com-mand, but Rear Admiral Kevin Cook does so admirably. 
A lifelong learner, Rear Admiral 
Cook has taken advantage of every op-portunity to improve himself for the betterment of the Coast Guard and his community. He earned a master of science degree in chemical engineering from Princeton University, and he is a 1999 graduate of the U.S. Army War College. He later served a 1-year ap-pointment as the Coast Guard fellow to the chief of naval operations strategic studies group. Rear Admiral Cook has earned numerous military honors, in-cluding the Legion of Merit, the Meri-torious Service Medal, the Coast Guard Commendation Medal, and the Coast 
Guard Achievement Medal. 
Rear Admiral Cook is a Coast 
Guardsman, but that is not all he is. He is husband to Kristen, and, together, they are the proud parents of three grown children: Erin, a second-grade teacher at Rosa Parks Elementary school in Woodbridge, VA; Peter, a technician at a TV station in Winter Park, FL; and Megan, who followed in her father’s footsteps and serves as a lieutenant junior grade on the Coast Guard Cutter Juniper in Newport, RI. 
This week, Rear Admiral Kevin Cook 
will leave his post in New Orleans and retire after 36 years of exemplary serv-ice to the Coast Guard and our Nation. Including his Coast Guard Academy time, Rear Admiral Cook has served our Nation for 40 years. Just as he has stood the watch and has been ‘‘Semper Paratus . . . Always Ready’’ during his career, I am sure that he is ready for the next phase of his life. The Coast Guard will carry on, as will his service legacy, through the men and women who he has led and mentored for the past four decades. 
I ask my colleagues in the Senate to 
join me in thanking Rear Admiral Cook for his distinguished service and, in Coast Guard tradition, wish him fair winds and following seas. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING FRANK 
HENDERSON 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor the life of Frank Henderson, an outstanding Idaho leader who will be missed greatly. 
Frank personified public service. He 
served our Nation in the U.S. Army 33rd Division during World War II. He served our State and his district in the Idaho State Legislature for five terms. He served Kootenai County as Kootenai County commissioner, and he served his community as mayor of Post Falls. Frank was a newsman by trade who at-tended the University of Idaho and began his career in journalism as a re-porter for the Chicago Herald Amer-ican newspaper. He worked as a mar-keting executive before returning to Idaho in 1976 and becoming the owner and publisher of the Post Falls Trib-une. 
Frank was a humble man who did not 
crave the spotlight. Throughout his ca-reer and life, he was a focused, orga-nized, direct, driven, and solution-ori-ented leader. Frank worked hard, and utilized his ability to work well with others to make progress and deliver many significant achievements. These included drawing in and retaining busi-nesses and jobs in Idaho, building the infrastructure to sustain economic ex-pansion, and eliminating impediments to job growth. 
He recognized the value of consensus 
building and the strength of a diversity of experiences and abilities. Diver-sification was central to his economic development efforts. Frank promoted a diversity of industry and local edu-cational opportunities to support those 
industries and grow jobs. He wanted to make sure Idahoans had access to a broad spectrum of job opportunities, and he worked diligently to draw those industries to Idaho while assisting businesses already in Idaho with re-maining competitive. 
It is no surprise that Frank’s talents 
and achievements have been widely recognized. He was inducted into the Idaho Hall of Fame in 2014 and received many other recognitions for his work in furthering economic development and in support of seniors, veterans, the Boy Scouts of America, and others. Frank received a Presidential Lifetime Achievement Award for Volunteerism. 
Frank was so dedicated that he 
worked well into what would be many people’s retirement years to make im-provements for Idahoans. We have much to thank Frank Henderson for, including his example of effective lead-ership, his tenacity in seeing projects through to completion, and his focus on strengthening Idaho. I express my deep condolences to Frank’s wife, Betty Ann, his children and their fami-lies, and his many other friends and loved ones. ∑ 
f 
APPALACHIAN REGIONAL 
COMMISSION 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, this 
spring, we celebrate the 50th anniver-sary of President Johnson signing leg-islation to establish the Appalachian Regional Commission, ARC. 
The ARC represents a unique part-
nership between Federal, State and local government in 13 Appalachian States with the aim to address per-sistent poverty in Appalachian regions. In Virginia, 25 counties and 8 cities are part of that region. Since its inception, the Appalachian Regional Commission has worked to combat problems such as poor health, limited transportation in-frastructure, and the digital divide. Over the past 50 years, ARC has funded projects that assisted in the reduction of distressed communities in the Com-monwealth by providing assistance for water and wastewater projects, encour-aging the adoption of advanced tech-nologies such as broadband service, and supporting the development of commu-nity leaders and entrepreneurs. ARC has also recognized the importance of economic development that encourages tourism to help create communities where people want to live, work and visit. 
In 1960, 43.2 percent of people lived in 
poverty in Virginia’s Appalachian Re-gion. That number has decreased to 18.6 percent today. In 1970, 28 percent of homes lacked complete plumbing. Today, that number has been reduced to 4 percent. This progress exemplifies ARC’s steadfast commitment toward achieving its objective to increase job opportunities and per capita income, strengthen the capacity of Appa-lachia’s citizens to compete in the global economy, improve the region’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.057 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2848 May 13, 2015 
infrastructure, and build the Appa-
lachian Development Highway System, ADHS. 
Great strides have been made in Vir-
ginia’s Appalachian Region, but more work remains. I am proud to have signed a letter to the chairman and ranking member on Appropriations re-questing fiscal year 2016 ARC funding at the President’s budget request of $93 million. This critical work must con-tinue until the 25 million Americans who live in the Appalachian Regions are helped out of poverty and can achieve socioeconomic parity with the Nation. 
With the Appalachian Regional Com-
mission’s continued work and deter-mination, I am confident that the re-gion will continue toward economic progress, growth, and development. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13611 OF MAY 16, 2012, WITH RE-SPECT TO YEMEN—PM 16 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen is to continue in effect be-yond May 16, 2015. 
The actions and policies of certain 
members of the Government of Yemen and others continue to threaten Yem-en’s peace, security, and stability, in-cluding by obstructing the implemen-tation of the agreement of November 23, 2011, between the Government of Yemen and those in opposition to it, which provided for a peaceful transi-tion of power that meets the legitimate demands and aspirations of the Yemeni people for change, and by obstructing the political process in Yemen. For this reason, I have determined that it 
is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 with respect to Yemen. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 13, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 1:37 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 665. An act to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1124. An act to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 606. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 723. An act to provide Capitol-flown 
flags to the immediate family of fire fight-ers, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and pub-lic safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. 
H.R. 1732. An act to preserve existing 
rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2146. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following resolution: 
H. Res. 254. Resolution relative to the 
death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr., a former Representative from the State of Texas. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:30 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 651. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
H.R. 1075. An act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: H.R. 723. An act to provide Capitol-flown 
flags to the immediate family of fire fight-ers, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and pub-lic safety officers who are killed in the line of duty; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
H.R. 2146. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1581. A communication from the Chief 
Financial Officer, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Appropriations . 
EC–1582. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analogous Products; Exemptions From Preparation Pursuant to an Unsuspended and Unrevoked License’’ ((RIN0579–AD66) (Docket No. APHIS–2011– 0048)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–1583. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of fifteen (15) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general, as indicated, in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1584. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Home-ownership Counseling Organizations Lists and High-Cost Mortgage Counseling Inter-pretive Rule’’ (RIN3170–AA52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1585. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1586. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, with respect to the Central African Re-public; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1587. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Turkey; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1588. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-
port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to China; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1589. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2849 May 13, 2015 
‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Federal Gov-
ernment Energy Management and Conserva-tion Programs, Fiscal Year 2013’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–1590. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator, Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs, General Services Administration, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report to Congress identi-fying the 9–1–1 capabilities of the multi-line telephone system in use by all federal agen-cies in all federal buildings and properties; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–1591. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Corrections to the North American Free Trade Agreement Uniform Regulations’’ (RIN1515–AE04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1592. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod December 1, 2014, through January 31, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1593. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report certifying for fiscal year 2015 that no United Nations agency or United Na-tions affiliated agency grants any official status, accreditation, or recognition to any organization which promotes and condones or seeks the legalization of pedophilia, or which includes as a subsidiary or member any such organization; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1594. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–103); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1595. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–021); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1596. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–139); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1597. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–031); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1598. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0036–2015–0050); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1599. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Bruce A. Litchfield, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1600. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Organ Pro-
curement and Transplantation: Implementa-tion of the HIV Organ Policy Equity Act’’ (RIN0906–AB05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1601. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Examination of the District’s Reserve Fund Policies’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1602. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–50, ‘‘Pre-K Student Discipline Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1603. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s annual report con-cerning military assistance and military ex-ports; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1604. A communication from the Regu-
latory Coordinator, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjust-ments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment and Study by F–2 and M–2 Nonimmigrants’’ (RIN1653–AA63) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary . 
EC–1605. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–51, ‘‘Health Benefit Exchange Authority Financial Sustainability Amend-
ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance: 
Report to accompany S. 1269, An original 
bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–45). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. 
DURBIN ): 
S. 1313. A bill to expand eligibility for re-
imbursement for smoking cessation services to include copayments for such services paid after fiscal year 2009 by covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are eligi-ble for Medicare; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
H
OEVEN ): 
S. 1314. A bill to establish an interim rule 
for the operation of small unmanned aircraft for commercial purposes and their safe inte-gration into the national airspace system; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. L EE, 
and Mr. T HUNE ): S. 1315. A bill to protect the right of law- 
abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1316. A bill to provide for the retention 
and future use of certain land in Point Spen-cer, Alaska, to support the mission of the Coast Guard, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the Bering Straits Native Cor-poration, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the State of Alaska, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY ): 
S. 1317. A bill to amend the Employee Re-
tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to re-quire a lifetime income disclosure; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1318. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nu-clear terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 1319. A bill to validate final patent num-
ber 27–2005-0081, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 1320. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to reform the Federal Reserve Sys-tem; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 1321. A bill to expand benefits to the 
families of public safety officers who suffer fatal climate-related injuries sustained in the line of duty and proximately resulting in death; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
H
ATCH , and Mr. K IRK): 
S. 1322. A bill to amend the Family Edu-
cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 to ensure that student data handled by private companies is protected, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
W
ARNER , and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. 1323. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration to disclose certain return information related to iden-tity theft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
TILLIS , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 1324. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 1325. A bill to designate the Department 
of Veterans Affairs community based out-patient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.008 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2850 May 13, 2015 
L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs 
Community Based Outpatient Clinic; to the Committee on Veterans Affairs. 
By Mrs. FISCHER: 
S. 1326. A bill to amend certain maritime 
programs of the Department of Transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
G
RAHAM , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. 
GRASSLEY ): 
S. 1327. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
C
OCHRAN ): 
S. 1328. A bill to authorize a national grant 
program for on-the-job training; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. KAINE: 
S. 1329. A bill to remove the use restric-
tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mrs. 
BOXER ): 
S. 1330. A bill to amend the Equal Credit 
Opportunity Act to prohibit discrimination on account of sexual orientation or gender identity when extending credit; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1331. A bill to help enhance commerce 
through improved seasonal forecasts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: 
S. 1332. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to protect against foodborne ill-nesses, provide enhanced notification of re-called meat, poultry, eggs, and related food products, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 1333. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 1334. A bill to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1335. A bill to implement the Convention 
on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on Feb-ruary 24, 2012, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. 
S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 1336. A bill to implement the Convention 
on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Auckland on November 14, 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 1337. A bill to reform the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 33, a bill to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing au-thorities to furnish health care at non- Department of Veterans Affairs facili-ties to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordi-nation of the Federal permitting proc-ess through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 398 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 398, a bill to amend the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 440 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 440, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in certain veterinary stu-dent loan repayment or forgiveness. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 608 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 608, a bill to prevent homeowners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mortgage loan debt. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 683, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 704 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 704, a bill to establish a Com-munity-Based Institutional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and community-based care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries. 
S. 711 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 711, a bill to amend section 520J of the Public Service Health Act to au-thorize grants for mental health first aid training programs. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S13MY5.REC S13MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2851 May 13, 2015 
(Mrs. M URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 805 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 805, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to make Hispanic- serving institutions eligible for tech-nical and financial assistance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the es-tate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 883 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
883, a bill to facilitate the reestablish-ment of domestic, critical mineral des-ignation, assessment, production, man-ufacturing, recycling, analysis, fore-casting, workforce, education, and re-search capabilities in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 968, a bill to require the Commissioner of Social Security to re-vise the medical and evaluation cri-teria for determining disability in a person diagnosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals disabled by Hunting-ton’s Disease. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage and payment for complex reha-bilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO) and the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
RISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1162 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1162, a bill to ensure Federal law enforcement officers remain able to en-sure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered fur-lough. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure equal access of Medicare bene-ficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network phar-macies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1238 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1238, a bill to provide for an accounting of total United States contributions to the United Nations. 
S. 1305 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1305, a bill to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. KAINE: 
S. 1329. A bill to remove the use re-
strictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, this bill 
has a complex backstory, but it serves a simple purpose: To allow asmall day care facility in Virginia to undertake routine repairs and maintenance. For more than 20 years, the Plains 
Area Day Care Center in Broadway, VA, has served children from mod-erate-income families in Rockingham County. This facility sits on a 3-acre parcel that was once Federal land be-fore the National Park Service con-veyed it to Rockingham County in 1989 under the Federal Lands to Parks Pro-gram. The county in turn leases this land to the center for $1 per year, with a contract that runs through the year 2027. 
The center is in need of repairs and 
maintenance, including a new roof. However, it has had difficulty in secur-ing private financing for these activi-ties because of the complex land own-ership structure—Federal land con-veyed conditionally to a county and leased to a private company. Due to Virginia’s status as a ‘‘Dillon Rule’’ State, Rockingham County cannot exe-cute a loan either. 
This bill would specify that the 1989 
land conveyance is transferred in fee simple, with no further use restric-tions. I appreciate the goal of the Fed-eral Lands to Parks Program to pre-serve land as open space, particularly after having overseen the preservation of 400,000 acres of open space in Vir-ginia during my time as Governor of the Commonwealth. There are no plans to develop the open space on this site, only to fix the day care center build-ing—a former Forest Service garage that has been on the site since before its transfer from Federal ownership. 
This is a small modification that 
simply removes unnecessary bureau-cratic hurdles and allows the day care center to continue doing what it has been doing for 25 years. My Virginia colleague Congressman B
OBGOODLATTE  
has introduced companion legislation in the House of Representatives, and I am pleased to join him in this com-mon-sense, bipartisan effort. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1222. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1223. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1295, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for mak-ing determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1224. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and ex-pand the charitable deduction for contribu-tions of food inventory; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1225. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. L EE) 
proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 10, supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘Inter-national Year of Soils’’ and supporting lo-cally led soil conservation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.012 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2852 May 13, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1222. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), insert the fol-
lowing: 
(7) P ROHIBITION ON TRADE AGREEMENTS THAT  
AFFECT IMMIGRATION LAWS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act or in 
any trade agreement subject to this Act shall alter or affect any law, regulation, or policy relating to immigration. 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment entered into under section 103(b) that includes any provision that alters or affects any law, regulation, or policy relating to immigration. 
SA 1223. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1295, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove the process for making deter-minations with respect to whether or-ganizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Extension of African Growth and 
Opportunity Act. 
Sec. 104. Modifications of rules of origin for 
duty-free treatment for articles of beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries under General-ized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 105. Monitoring and review of eligi-
bility under Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences. 
Sec. 106. Promotion of the role of women in 
social and economic develop-ment in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 107. Biennial AGOA utilization strate-
gies. 
Sec. 108. Deepening and expanding trade and 
investment ties between sub- Saharan Africa and the United States. 
Sec. 109. Agricultural technical assistance 
for sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 110. Reports. Sec. 111. Technical amendments. Sec. 112. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
Sec. 201. Extension of Generalized System of 
Preferences. 
Sec. 202. Authority to designate certain cot-
ton articles as eligible articles only for least-developed bene-ficiary developing countries under Generalized System of Preferences. Sec. 203. Application of competitive need 
limitation and waiver under Generalized System of Pref-erences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing coun-tries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. 
Sec. 204. Travel goods. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREF-
ERENTIAL DUTY TREATMENT PRO-GRAM FOR HAITI 
Sec. 301. Extension of preferential duty 
treatment program for Haiti. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
Sec. 401. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 402. Duty treatment of specialized ath-
letic footwear. 
Sec. 403. Effective date. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 501. Report on contribution of trade 
preference programs to reduc-ing poverty and eliminating hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
Sec. 601. Customs user fees. 
Sec. 602. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 603. Improved information reporting on 
unreported and underreported financial accounts. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Ex-
tension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Since its enactment, the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job cre-ation, and democratic institutions through-out Africa. 
(2) Trade and investment, as facilitated by 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(3) Trade between the United States and 
sub-Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in sub-Saharan Af-rica has grown almost six-fold. 
(4) It is in the interest of the United States 
to engage and compete in emerging markets in sub-Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(5) The long-term economic security of the 
United States is enhanced by strong eco-nomic and political ties with the fastest- growing economies in the world, many of which are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(6) It is a goal of the United States to fur-
ther integrate sub-Saharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic development in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(7) To that end, implementation of the 
Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa and contribute to economic growth in the region. 
(8) The elimination of barriers to trade and 
investment in sub-Saharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization require-ments, restrictions on investment, and cus-toms barriers, will create opportunities for 
workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(9) The elimination of such barriers will 
improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and strengthen regional and global integration, accelerate economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506B of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(b) A
FRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY  
ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(g) of the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(2) E
XTENSION OF REGIONAL APPAREL ARTI -
CLE PROGRAM .—Section 112(b)(3)(A) of the Af-
rican Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘11 suc-
ceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘21 succeeding’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(3) E
XTENSION OF THIRD -COUNTRY FABRIC  
PROGRAM .—Section 112(c)(1) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(c)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EP-
TEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 104. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES OF ORIGIN 
FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUB-SA-HARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506A(b)(2) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the direct costs of processing oper-
ations performed in one or more such bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO ARTICLES RECEIVING  
DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER TITLE V OF 
TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 506A(b) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF ORIGIN UNDER THIS TITLE .— 
The exceptions set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2) shall also apply to any article described in section 503(a)(1) that is the growth, product, or man-ufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country for purposes of any determina-tion to provide duty-free treatment with re-spect to such article.’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE HARMONIZED TAR-
IFFSCHEDULE .—The President may proclaim 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ sub-column of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the spe-cial tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.017 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2853 May 13, 2015 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any article described in section 503(b)(1)(B) through (G) of the Trade Act of 1974 that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and that is imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 105. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF ELIGI-
BILITY UNDER GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) C ONTINUING COMPLIANCE .—Section 
506A(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the President’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
terminate the designation of a country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under subparagraph (A) unless, at least 60 days before the termination of such designa-tion, the President notifies Congress and no-tifies the country of the President’s inten-tion to terminate such designation, together with the considerations entering into the de-cision to terminate such designation.’’. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
Section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may with-
draw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment provided for any article described in subsection (b)(1) of this section or section 112 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with respect to a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country if the President determines that withdrawing, suspending, or limiting such duty-free treatment would be more effective in promoting compliance by the country with the requirements described in subsection (a)(1) than terminating the des-ignation of the country as a beneficiary sub- Saharan African country for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment under paragraph (1) unless, at least 60 days before such with-drawal, suspension, or limitation, the Presi-dent notifies Congress and notifies the coun-try of the President’s intention to withdraw, suspend, or limit such duty-free treatment, together with the considerations entering into the decision to terminate such designa-tion.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 506A of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELI-
GIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out sub-
section (a)(2), the President shall publish an-
nually in the Federal Register a notice of re-view and request for public comments on whether beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries are meeting the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligi-bility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the President 
publishes the notice of review and request for public comments under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) hold a public hearing on such review 
and request for public comments; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register, before 
such hearing is held, notice of— 
‘‘(i) the time and place of such hearing; and ‘‘(ii) the time and place at which such pub-
lic comments will be accepted. 
‘‘(3) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall establish a proc-ess to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with re-spect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of such Act and 
the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PETITIONS .—The President 
shall take into account all petitions filed pursuant to subparagraph (A) in making de-terminations of compliance under sub-sections (a)(3)(A) and (c) and in preparing any reports required by this title as such re-ports apply with respect to beneficiary sub- Saharan African countries. 
‘‘(4) O
UT-OF-CYCLE REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may, at 
any time, initiate an out-of-cycle review of whether a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is making continual progress in meeting the requirements described in para-graph (1). The President shall give due con-sideration to petitions received under para-graph (3) in determining whether to initiate an out-of-cycle review under this subpara-graph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before 
initiating an out-of-cycle review under sub-paragraph (A), the President shall notify and consult with Congress. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF REVIEW .—If, pursu-
ant to an out-of-cycle review conducted under subparagraph (A), the President deter-mines that a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country does not meet the requirements set forth in section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)), the President shall, subject to the requirements of subsections (a)(3)(B) and (c)(2), terminate the designation of the coun-try as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with re-spect to articles from the country. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—After each out-of-cycle re-
view conducted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a country, the President shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the review and any determination of the President to terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with respect to articles from the country under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) I
NITIATION OF OUT -OF-CYCLE REVIEWS  
FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Recognizing that 
concerns have been raised about the compli-ance with section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)) of some beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries, the President shall initiate an out-of-cycle review under subparagraph (A) with respect to South Africa, the most developed of the beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries, and other beneficiary coun-tries as appropriate, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section.’’. SEC. 106. PROMOTION OF THE ROLE OF WOMEN 
IN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 103 of 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) promoting the role of women in so-
cial, political, and economic development in sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
104(a)(1)(A) of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘for men and women’’ after ‘‘rights’’. 
SEC. 107. BIENNIAL AGOA UTILIZATION STRATE-
GIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-
tries should develop utilization strategies on a biennial basis in order to more effectively and strategically utilize benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (in this section referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strategies’’); 
(2) United States trade capacity building 
agencies should work with, and provide ap-propriate resources to, such sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
(3) as appropriate, and to encourage great-
er regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider re-questing the Regional Economic Commu-nities to prepare biennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of bene-fits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
(1) review potential exports under the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act and iden-tify opportunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction efforts; 
(2) identify obstacles to regional integra-
tion that inhibit utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act; 
(3) set out a plan to take advantage of op-
portunities and address obstacles identified in paragraphs (1) and (2), improve awareness of the African Growth and Opportunity Act as a program that enhances exports to the United States, and utilize United States Agency for International Development re-gional trade hubs; 
(4) set out a strategy to promote small 
business and entrepreneurship; and 
(5) eliminate obstacles to regional trade 
and promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full re-gional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Orga-nization. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) each beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
(2) the United States Trade Representative 
should publish on the Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Represent-ative public versions of all AGOA utilization strategies described in paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2854 May 13, 2015 
SEC. 108. DEEPENING AND EXPANDING TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to con-
tinue to— 
(1) seek to deepen and expand trade and in-
vestment ties between sub-Saharan Africa and the United States, including through the negotiation of accession by sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to the World Trade Organiza-tion and the negotiation of trade and invest-ment framework agreements, bilateral in-vestment treaties, and free trade agree-ments, as such agreements have the poten-tial to catalyze greater trade and invest-ment, facilitate additional investment in sub-Saharan Africa, further poverty reduc-tion efforts, and promote economic growth; 
(2) seek to negotiate agreements with indi-
vidual sub-Saharan African countries as well as with the Regional Economic Commu-nities, as appropriate; 
(3) promote full implementation of com-
mitments made under the WTO Agreement (as such term is defined in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)) because such actions are likely to improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and promote trade and investment and because regular review to en-sure continued compliance helps to maxi-mize the benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; and 
(4) promote the negotiation of trade agree-
ments that cover substantially all trade be-tween parties to such agreements and, if other countries seek to negotiate trade agreements that do not cover substantially all trade, continue to object in all appro-priate forums. 
SEC. 109. AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
Section 13 of the AGOA Acceleration Act 
of 2004 (19 U.S.C. 3701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify not fewer 
than 10 eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries that have’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and complying with sani-
tary and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with san-itary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety stand-ards’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; 
and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘from those coun-
tries’’ the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and entrepreneurs,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall 
take such measures as are necessary to en-sure adequate coordination of similar activi-ties of agencies of the United States Govern-
ment relating to agricultural technical as-sistance for sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
SEC. 110. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and bi-ennially thereafter, the President shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the trade and in-vestment relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the status of trade and 
investment between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from 
sub-Saharan African countries. 
(B) Any changes in eligibility of sub-Saha-
ran African countries during the period cov-ered by the report. 
(C) A detailed analysis of whether each 
such beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-try is continuing to meet the eligibility re-quirements set forth in section 104 of the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
(D) A description of the status of regional 
integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(E) A summary of United States trade ca-
pacity building efforts. 
(F) Any other initiatives related to en-
hancing the trade and investment relation-ship between the United States and sub-Sa-haran African countries. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL TRADE AGREEMENTS RE-
PORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) identifies sub-Saharan African coun-
tries that have a expressed an interest in en-tering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
(2) evaluates the viability and progress of 
such sub-Saharan African countries and other sub-Saharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
(3) describes a plan for negotiating and 
concluding such agreements, which includes the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 116(b)(2) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The reporting require-
ments of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
SEC. 111. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Op-
portunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
N 
GENERAL .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) B
ENEFICIARY SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN  
COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘beneficiary sub-Saha-
ran African country’’ means a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country described in subsection (e) of section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (as redesignated by this Act). 
(2) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM 
OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), any entry of a covered ar-ticle to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on July 31, 2013, that was made— 
(i) after July 31, 2013, and (ii) before the effective date specified in 
paragraph (1), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-
tion may be made under subparagraph (A) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be 
located. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subpara-graph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liq-uidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered 
article’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from ware-house for consumption. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE AR-TICLES ONLY FOR LEAST-DEVEL-OPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COTTON ARTICLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), the President may designate as an eligible article or articles under subsection (a)(1)(B) only for countries designated as least-developed beneficiary de-veloping countries under section 502(a)(2) cotton articles classifiable under subheading 5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5202.99.30, or 5203.00.30 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 203. APPLICATION OF COMPETITIVE NEED 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTI-CLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of applying 
and administering subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) with respect to an article de-scribed in subsection (b) of this section, sub-sections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of such Act shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘October 1’’ for ‘‘July 1’’ each place such date appears. 
(b) A
RTICLE DESCRIBED .—An article de-
scribed in this subsection is an article of a beneficiary developing country that is des-ignated by the President as an eligible arti-cle under subsection (a) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) and with re-spect to which a determination described in subsection (c)(2)(A) of such section was made with respect to exports (directly or indi-rectly) to the United States of such eligible article during calendar year 2014 by the bene-ficiary developing country. 
SEC. 204. TRAVEL GOODS. 
Section 503(b)(1)(E) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2463(b)(1)(E)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘handbags, luggage, flat goods,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2855 May 13, 2015 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY 
TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Eco-
nomic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (b) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)(I), by amending 
item (cc) to read as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1-year 
period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1-year periods.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the table, by striking ‘‘succeeding 11 
1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
(B) Paragraph (2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’. 
(2) Subsection (h) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
SEC. 401. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chap-
ter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
(1) in Additional U.S. Note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this chapter’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘garments classifiable in 
those subheadings’’ and inserting ‘‘a gar-ment’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘D 3600-81’’ and inserting 
‘‘D 3779–81’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
notes: 
‘‘3. (a) For purposes of this chapter, the 
term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls and bib over-alls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: 
‘‘(i) Insulation for cold weather protection. ‘‘(ii) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure. 
‘‘(iii) Elastic, drawcord, or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, in-cluding hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and 
tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
‘‘(iv) Venting, not including grommet(s). ‘‘(v) Articulated elbows or knees. ‘‘(vi) Reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, an-kles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(vii) Weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front. 
‘‘(viii) Multi-adjustable hood or adjustable 
collar. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner pro-
tective skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
‘‘(x) Construction at the arm gusset that 
utilizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xi) Odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outer-
wear’ does not include occupational outer-wear. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this Note, the fol-
lowing terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers 
to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, cov-ered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams 
that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in ac-cordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers, and similar 
articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib overalls 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(iv) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protec-tion from cold weather. 
‘‘(v) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable 
or permanent constructed openings in a gar-ment (excluding front, primary zipper clo-sures and grommet(s)) to allow increased ex-pulsion of built-up heat during outdoor ac-tivities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a gar-ment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
‘‘(vi) The term ‘articulated elbows or 
knees’ refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
‘‘(vii) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to 
the use of a double layer of fabric or sec-tion(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more durable than the face fabric of the garment. ‘‘(viii) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ 
means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or 
adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
‘‘(x) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ 
and ‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means con-
struction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usu-ally diamond- or triangular-shaped, de-signed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ re-
fers to unrestricted, 180-degree range of mo-tion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor- causing bacteria. 
‘‘(xiv) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uni-forms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide dura-ble protection from cold or inclement weath-er and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
‘‘(c) Notwithstanding subdivision (b)(i) of 
this Note, for purposes of this chapter, Notes 1 and 2(a)(1) to chapter 59 and Note 1(c) to chapter 60 shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘recreational performance outer-wear’. 
‘‘(d) For purposes of this chapter, the im-
porter of record shall maintain internal im-port records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational perform-ance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enu-merate the specific features that make the garments eligible to be classified as rec-reational performance outerwear.’’. 
(b) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By striking subheading 6201.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6201.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2856 May 13, 2015 
6201.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(2) By striking subheadings 6201.12.10 and 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 9.4% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.13.10 
through 6201.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.13.40 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.7% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.19.10 and 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2857 May 13, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6201.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 and 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ........................................................................ 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 
through 6201.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 9.4% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.15 Water resistant ............................................................................................ 6.2% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2858 May 13, 2015 
6201.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................ 9.4 % Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 
through 6201.93.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ..................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.30 Water resistant ................................................................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6201.93.35 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 and 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2859 May 13, 2015 
6201.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
(9) By striking subheading 6202.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6202.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6202.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6202.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(10) By striking subheadings 6202.12.10 and 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 8.9% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(11) By striking subheadings 6202.13.10 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 27.7% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2860 May 13, 2015 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 
58.5% 
6202.13.40 Other ............................................................................................................ 27. 7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’ 
(12) By striking subheadings 6202.19.10 and 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste ................ Free 35% 
6202.19.90 Other ......................................................................................................... 2.8% F ree (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(13) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 and 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ........................................................................ 14% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6202.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(14) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2861 May 13, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.15 Water resistant ...................................................................................... 6.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6202.92.20 Other ...................................................................................................... 8.9% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(15) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ..................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Water resistant ................................................................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2862 May 13, 2015 
6202.93.50 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 and 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ................ Free 35% 
6202.99.90 Other ......................................................................................................... 2.8% F ree (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6203.41 and 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to sub-heading 6203.41.05, and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-
heading 6203.41 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6203.41.05 Recreational performance outerwear ....................................................... 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, 
without belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen ........................ 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 16.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................. 10.3% Free ( BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2863 May 13, 2015 
6203.42.40 Other ............................................................................................................ 16. 6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .......................................................... 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plum-
age and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; con-taining 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6203.43.15 Water resistant ................................................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6203.43.20 Other ................................................................................................... 14.9% Free ( BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.25 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ..................................... 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal 
hair .................................................................................................. 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches ............................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.40 Other ............................................................................................. 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(20) By striking subheadings 6203.49 
through 6203.49.80 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 having the same degree of in-
dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.49 Of other textile materials: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2864 May 13, 2015 
6203.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6203.49.10 Bib and brace overalls ............................................................................... 8.5% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.49.15 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................... 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.20 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.9% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .................... Free 35% 
6203.49.80 Other ............................................................................................................ 2.8 % Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(21) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 and 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.61.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 13.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, with-
out belt loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen ......................................... 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
(22) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2865 May 13, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.62.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 16.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................. 8.9% Free (B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.30 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................ 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
6204.62.40 Other ......................................................................................................... 16.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(23) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.63.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 28.6% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ................................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.12 Water resistant ......................................................................................... 7.1% Free (B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.15 Other ......................................................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................... 11.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2866 May 13, 2015 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ...... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches ..................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.35 Other ...................................................................................................... 28.6% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(24) By striking subheadings 6204.69 
through 6204.69.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.69 having the same degree of in-
dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.69 Of other textile materials: 
6204.69.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.10 Bib and brace overalls ............................................................................... 13.6% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.69.25 Other ...................................................................................................... 28.6% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ................. 1.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.60 Other ......................................................................................................... 7.1% F ree (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2867 May 13, 2015 
6204.69.90 Other ............................................................................................................ 2.8 % Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(25) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 and 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.50 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(26) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 and 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg- nated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.50 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(27) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(28) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2868 May 13, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(29) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.39.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU,  
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: .................................................................................................................
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair ............................................................................. 12% Free (AU , 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 0.5% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(30) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
6211.42.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(31) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2869 May 13, 2015 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other ............................................................................................................... 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(32) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear ................................................................. 7.3% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 1.2% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair ............................................................................. 12% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6211.49.90 Other ............................................................................................................... 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTY TREATMENT OF SPECIALIZED 
ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SPECIALIZED ATHLETIC  
FOOTWEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to 
chapter 64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6. For the purposes of this chapter, the 
term ‘specialized athletic footwear’ includes footwear (other than footwear described in 
Subheading Note 1 or Additional U.S. Note 2) that is designed to be worn chiefly for sports or athletic purposes, hiking shoes, trekking shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/pair and which provides pro-tection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or laminated textile fab-ric.’’. (b) D
UTYTREATMENT FOR SPECIALIZED ATH-
LETIC FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting after subheading 6402.91.40 
the following new subheading, with the arti-cle description for subheading 6402.91.42 hav-ing the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Specialized athletic footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bot-
toms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm ........................................................................... 20% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 
........... 35% ’’. 
(2) By inserting immediately preceding 
subheading 6402.99.33 the following new sub-heading, with the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for 
subheading 6402.99.33: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2870 May 13, 2015 
‘‘ 6402.99.32 Specialized athletic footwear ............................................................................. 20% Fre e (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) S TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—The staged 
reductions in special rates of duty pro-claimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2), beginning in calendar year 2016. 
SEC. 403. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by 
this title shall— 
(1) take effect on the 15th day after the 
date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTION OF TRADE 
PREFERENCE PROGRAMS TO RE-DUCING POVERTY AND ELIMI-NATING HUNGER. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing the contribution of the trade preference pro-grams of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
SEC. 601. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and in-serting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 602. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-
son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 603. IMPROVED INFORMATION REPORTING 
ON UNREPORTED AND UNDER-REPORTED FINANCIAL ACCOUNTS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF MINIMUM INTEREST RE-
QUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6049(a) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘aggregating $10 or more’’ each place it appears. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subpara-
graph (C) of section 6049(d)(5) of such Code is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘which involves the pay-
ment of $10 or more of interest’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
IN THE CASE OF TRANS -
ACTIONS INVOLVING $10 OR MORE ’’ in the head-
ing. 
(3) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns filed after December 31, 2015. 
(b) R
EPORTING OF NON-INTEREST BEARING  
DEPOSITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of 
subchapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 6049 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6049A. RETURNS REGARDING NON-INTER-
EST BEARING DEPOSITS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING .—Every 
person who holds a reportable deposit during any calendar year shall make a return ac-cording to the forms or regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary, setting forth the name and address of the person for whom such deposit was held. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORTABLE DEPOSIT .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘reportable de-
posit’ means— 
‘‘(A) any amount on deposit with— ‘‘(i) a person carrying on a banking busi-
ness, 
‘‘(ii) a mutual savings bank, a savings and 
loan association, a building and loan associa-tion, a cooperative bank, a homestead asso-ciation, a credit union, an industrial loan as-sociation or bank, or any similar organiza-tion, 
‘‘(iii) a broker (as defined in section 
6045(c)), or 
‘‘(iv) any other person provided in regula-
tions prescribed by the Secretary, or 
‘‘(B) to the extent provided by the Sec-
retary in regulations, any amount held by an insurance company, an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940), or held in other pooled funds or trusts. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) any amount with respect to which a 
report is made under section 6049, 
‘‘(B) any amount on deposit with or held by 
a natural person, 
‘‘(C) except to the extent provided in regu-
lations, any amount— 
‘‘(i) held with respect to a person described 
in section 6049(b)(4), 
‘‘(ii) with respect to which section 
6049(b)(5) would apply if a payment were made with respect to such amount, or 
‘‘(iii) on deposit with or held by a person 
described in section 6049(b)(2)(C), or 
‘‘(D) any amount for which the Secretary 
determines there is already sufficient report-ing. 
‘‘(c) S
TATEMENTS TOBEFURNISHED TO PER-
SONS WITHRESPECT TO WHOMINFORMATION IS 
REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Every person required to 
make a return under subsection (a) shall fur-nish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written state-ment showing— 
‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number 
of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and 
‘‘(B) the reportable account with respect to 
which such return was made. ‘‘(2) T
IME AND FORM OF STATEMENT .—The 
written statement under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be furnished at a time and in a 
manner similar to the time and manner that statements are required to be filed under sec-tion 6049(c)(2), and 
‘‘(B) shall be in such form as the Secretary 
may prescribe by regulations. 
‘‘(d) P
ERSON .—For purposes of this section, 
the term ‘person’, when referring to the per-son for whom a deposit is held, includes any governmental unit and any agency or instru-mentality thereof and any international or-ganization and any agency or instrumen-tality thereof.’’. 
(2) A
SSESSABLE PENALTIES .— 
(A) F AILURE TO FILE RETURN .—Subpara-
graph (B) of section 6724(d)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (xxiv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (xxv) and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by in-serting after clause (xxv) the following new clause: 
‘‘(xxvi) section 6049A(a) (relating to re-
turns regarding non-interest bearing depos-its), and’’. 
(B) F
AILURE TO FILE PAYEE STATEMENT .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 6724(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (HH) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(II) section 6049A(c) (relating to returns 
regarding non-interest bearing deposits).’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
section for subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6049 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6049A. Returns regarding non-interest 
bearing deposits.’’. 
(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns filed after December 31, 2015. 
SA 1224. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend and expand the chari-table deduction for contributions of food inventory; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 101. Improving partnership programs. 
Sec. 102. Report on effectiveness of trade en-
forcement activities. 
Sec. 103. Priorities and performance stand-
ards for customs moderniza-tion, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions and programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.018 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2871 May 13, 2015 
Sec. 104. Educational seminars to improve 
efforts to classify and appraise imported articles, to improve trade enforcement efforts, and to otherwise facilitate legiti-mate international trade. 
Sec. 105. Joint strategic plan. Sec. 106. Automated Commercial Environ-
ment. 
Sec. 107. International Trade Data System. Sec. 108. Consultations with respect to mu-
tual recognition arrangements. 
Sec. 109. Commercial Customs Operations 
Advisory Committee. 
Sec. 110. Centers of Excellence and Exper-
tise. 
Sec. 111. Commercial Targeting Division and 
National Targeting and Anal-ysis Groups. 
Sec. 112. Report on oversight of revenue pro-
tection and enforcement meas-ures. 
Sec. 113. Report on security and revenue 
measures with respect to mer-chandise transported in bond. 
Sec. 114. Importer of record program. Sec. 115. Establishment of new importer pro-
gram. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Sec. 201. Interagency import safety working 
group. 
Sec. 202. Joint import safety rapid response 
plan. 
Sec. 203. Training. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTEC-
TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
Sec. 301. Definition of intellectual property 
rights. 
Sec. 302. Exchange of information related to 
trade enforcement. 
Sec. 303. Seizure of circumvention devices. Sec. 304. Enforcement by U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection of works for which copyright registration is pending. 
Sec. 305. National Intellectual Property 
Rights Coordination Center. 
Sec. 306. Joint strategic plan for the en-
forcement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
Sec. 307. Personnel dedicated to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 308. Training with respect to the en-
forcement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
Sec. 309. International cooperation and in-
formation sharing. 
Sec. 310. Report on intellectual property 
rights enforcement. 
Sec. 311. Information for travelers regarding 
violations of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
TITLE IV—EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Procedures for investigating claims 
of evasion of antidumping and countervailing duty orders. 
Sec. 403. Annual report on prevention and 
investigation of evasion of anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders. 
TITLE V—AMENDMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
Sec. 501. Consequences of failure to cooper-
ate with a request for informa-tion in a proceeding. 
Sec. 502. Definition of material injury. Sec. 503. Particular market situation. Sec. 504. Distortion of prices or costs. Sec. 505. Reduction in burden on Depart-
ment of Commerce by reducing the number of voluntary re-spondents. 
Sec. 506. Application to Canada and Mexico. TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL TRADE EN-
FORCEMENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Trade Enforcement 
Sec. 601. Trade enforcement priorities. 
Sec. 602. Exercise of WTO authorization to 
suspend concessions or other obligations under trade agree-ments. 
Sec. 603. Trade monitoring. Sec. 604. Establishment of Interagency 
Trade Enforcement Center. 
Sec. 605. Establishment of Chief Manufac-
turing Negotiator. 
Sec. 606. Enforcement under title III of the 
Trade Act of 1974 with respect to certain acts, policies, and practices relating to the envi-ronment. 
Sec. 607. Trade Enforcement Trust Fund. Sec. 608. Honey transshipment. Sec. 609. Inclusion of interest in certain dis-
tributions of antidumping du-ties and countervailing duties. 
Sec. 610. Illicitly imported, exported, or 
trafficked cultural property, ar-chaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants. 
Subtitle B—Intellectual Property Rights 
Protection 
Sec. 611. Establishment of Chief Innovation 
and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator. 
Sec. 612. Measures relating to countries that 
deny adequate protection for intellectual property rights. 
TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Subtitle A—Investigation of Currency 
Undervaluation 
Sec. 701. Short title. 
Sec. 702. Investigation or review of currency 
undervaluation under counter-vailing duty law. 
Sec. 703. Benefit calculation methodology 
with respect to currency under-valuation. 
Sec. 704. Modification of definition of speci-
ficity with respect to export subsidy. 
Sec. 705. Application to Canada and Mexico. Sec. 706. Effective date. 
Subtitle B—Engagement on Currency 
Exchange Rate and Economic Policies 
Sec. 711. Enhancement of engagement on 
currency exchange rate and economic policies with certain major trading partners of the United States. 
Sec. 712. Advisory Committee on Inter-
national Exchange Rate Policy. 
TITLE VIII—PROCESS FOR CONSIDER-
ATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY SUSPEN-
SIONS AND REDUCTIONS 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. Sense of Congress on the need for a 
miscellaneous tariff bill. 
Sec. 803. Process for consideration of duty 
suspensions and reductions. 
Sec. 804. Report on effects of duty suspen-
sions and reductions on United States economy. 
Sec. 805. Judicial review precluded. Sec. 806. Definitions. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 901. De minimis value. 
Sec. 902. Consultation on trade and customs 
revenue functions. 
Sec. 903. Penalties for customs brokers. Sec. 904. Amendments to chapter 98 of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
Sec. 905. Exemption from duty of residue of 
bulk cargo contained in instru-ments of international traffic previously exported from the United States. Sec. 906. Drawback and refunds. 
Sec. 907. Inclusion of certain information in 
submission of nomination for appointment as Deputy United States Trade Representative. 
Sec. 908. Biennial reports regarding com-
petitiveness issues facing the United States economy and competitive conditions for cer-tain key United States indus-tries. 
Sec. 909. Report on certain U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection agree-ments. 
Sec. 910. Charter flights. Sec. 911. Amendment to Tariff Act of 1930 to 
require country of origin mark-ing of certain castings. 
Sec. 912. Elimination of consumptive de-
mand exception to prohibition on importation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor; re-port. 
Sec. 913. Improved collection and use of 
labor market information. 
Sec. 914. Statements of policy with respect 
to Israel. 
TITLE X—OFFSETS 
Sec. 1001. Revocation or denial of passport 
in case of certain unpaid taxes. 
Sec. 1002. Customs user fees. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) A UTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Automated Commercial 
Environment’’ means the Automated Com-mercial Environment computer system au-thorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)). 
(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-
sioner’’ means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(3) C
USTOMS AND TRADE LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘customs and trade laws 
of the United States’’ includes the following: 
(A) The Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1202 et 
seq.). 
(B) Section 249 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 3). 
(C) Section 2 of the Act of March 4, 1923 (42 
Stat. 1453, chapter 251; 19 U.S.C. 6). 
(D) The Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, 
chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.). 
(E) Section 13031 of the Consolidated Omni-
bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c). 
(F) Section 251 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 66). 
(G) Section 1 of the Act of June 26, 1930 (46 
Stat. 817, chapter 617; 19 U.S.C. 68). 
(H) The Foreign Trade Zones Act (19 U.S.C. 
81a et seq.). 
(I) Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1911 (36 
Stat. 965, chapter 191; 19 U.S.C. 198). 
(J) The Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2102 et 
seq.). 
(K) The Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 
U.S.C. 2501 et seq.). 
(L) The North American Free Trade Agree-
ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). 
(M) The Uruguay Round Agreements Act 
(19 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
(N) The Caribbean Basin Economic Recov-
ery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(O) The Andean Trade Preference Act (19 
U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
(P) The African Growth and Opportunity 
Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
(Q) The Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 
(Public Law 99–570; 100 Stat. 3207–79). 
(R) The Customs and Trade Act of 1990 
(Public Law 101–382; 104 Stat. 629). 
(S) The Customs Procedural Reform and 
Simplification Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–410; 92 Stat. 888). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2872 May 13, 2015 
(T) The Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 
210; 116 Stat. 933). 
(U) The Convention on Cultural Property 
Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). 
(V) The Act of March 28, 1928 (45 Stat. 374, 
chapter 266; 19 U.S.C. 2077 et seq.). 
(W) The Act of August 7, 1939 (53 Stat. 1263, 
chapter 566). 
(X) Any other provision of law imple-
menting a trade agreement. 
(Y) Any other provision of law vesting cus-
toms revenue functions in the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(Z) Any other provision of law relating to 
trade facilitation or trade enforcement that is administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection on behalf of any Federal agency that is required to participate in the Inter-national Trade Data System. 
(AA) Any other provision of customs or 
trade law administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR ENTITY .—The term 
‘‘private sector entity’’ means— 
(A) an importer; (B) an exporter; (C) a forwarder; (D) an air, sea, or land carrier or shipper; (E) a contract logistics provider; (F) a customs broker; or (G) any other person (other than an em-
ployee of a government) affected by the im-plementation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(5) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT .—The term ‘‘trade 
enforcement’’ means the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(6) T
RADE FACILITATION .—The term ‘‘trade 
facilitation’’ refers to policies and activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to facilitating the movement of mer-chandise into and out of the United States in a manner that complies with the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 101. IMPROVING PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to advance the 
security, trade enforcement, and trade facili-tation missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Commissioner shall ensure that partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established before the date of the enactment of this Act, such as the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), and partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established after such date of enactment, provide trade benefits to private sector entities that meet the require-ments for participation in those programs established by the Commissioner under this section. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In developing and oper-
ating partnership programs under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall— 
(1) consult with private sector entities, the 
public, and other Federal agencies when ap-propriate, to ensure that participants in those programs receive commercially signifi-cant and measurable trade benefits, includ-ing providing preclearance of merchandise for qualified persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance with the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States, regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, and other requirements the Commis-sioner determines to be necessary; 
(2) ensure an integrated and transparent 
system of trade benefits and compliance re-quirements for all partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) consider consolidating partnership pro-
grams in situations in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, in-
crease participation in such programs, en-hance the trade benefits provided to partici-pants in such programs, and enhance the al-location of the resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(4) coordinate with the Director of U.S. Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement, and other Federal agencies with authority to de-tain and release merchandise entering the United States— 
(A) to ensure coordination in the release of 
such merchandise through the Automated Commercial Environment, or its predecessor, and the International Trade Data System; 
(B) to ensure that the partnership pro-
grams of those agencies are compatible with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(C) to develop criteria for authorizing the 
release, on an expedited basis, of merchan-dise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; and 
(D) to create pathways, within and among 
the appropriate Federal agencies, for quali-fied persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance to receive immediate clearance absent information that a trans-action may pose a national security or com-pliance threat; and 
(5) ensure that trade benefits are provided 
to participants in partnership programs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and December 31 of each year thereafter, the Commissioner shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(1) identifies each partnership program re-
ferred to in subsection (a); 
(2) for each such program, identifies— (A) the requirements for participants in 
the program; 
(B) the commercially significant and meas-
urable trade benefits provided to partici-pants in the program; 
(C) the number of participants in the pro-
gram; and 
(D) in the case of a program that provides 
for participation at multiple tiers, the num-ber of participants at each such tier; 
(3) identifies the number of participants 
enrolled in more than one such partnership program; 
(4) assesses the effectiveness of each such 
partnership program in advancing the secu-rity, trade enforcement, and trade facilita-tion missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, based on historical develop-ments, the level of participation in the pro-gram, and the evolution of benefits provided to participants in the program; 
(5) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to work with other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to ensure that partnership programs of those agencies are compatible with part-nership programs of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; 
(6) summarizes criteria developed with 
those agencies for authorizing the release, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the mer-chandise for entry into the United States; 
(7) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to work with private sector entities and the public to develop and improve partnership programs referred to in subsection (a); 
(8) describes measures taken by U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to make private sector entities aware of the trade benefits available to participants in such programs; 
and 
(9) summarizes the plans, targets, and 
goals of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to such programs for the 2 years following the submission of the report. 
SEC. 102. REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the effectiveness of trade enforce-ment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the use of resources, re-
sults of audits and verifications, targeting, organization, and training of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) a description of trade enforcement ac-
tivities to address undervaluation, trans-shipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection of revenues, fraud preven-tion and detection, and penalties, including intentional misclassification, inadequate bonding, and other misrepresentations; and 
(3) a description of trade enforcement ac-
tivities with respect to the priority trade issues described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of sec-tion 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, including— 
(A) methodologies used in such enforce-
ment activities, such as targeting; 
(B) recommendations for improving such 
enforcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of 
previous recommendations for improving such enforcement activities. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 103. PRIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE 
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MOD-ERNIZATION, TRADE FACILITATION, AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT FUNC-TIONS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) P RIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner, in 
consultation with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, shall establish priorities and performance standards to measure the development and levels of achievement of the customs mod-ernization, trade facilitation, and trade en-forcement functions and programs described in subsection (b). 
(2) M
INIMUM PRIORITIES AND STANDARDS .— 
Such priorities and performance standards shall, at a minimum, include priorities and standards relating to efficiency, outcome, output, and other types of applicable meas-ures. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .— 
The functions and programs referred to in subsection (a) are the following: 
(1) The Automated Commercial Environ-
ment. 
(2) Each of the priority trade issues de-
scribed in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act. 
(3) The Centers of Excellence and Expertise 
described in section 110 of this Act. 
(4) Drawback for exported merchandise 
under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313), as amended by section 906 of this Act. 
(5) Transactions relating to imported mer-
chandise in bond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2873 May 13, 2015 
(6) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(7) The expedited clearance of cargo. (8) The issuance of regulations and rulings. (9) The issuance of Regulatory Audit Re-
ports. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS AND NOTIFICATION .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS .—The consultations re-
quired by subsection (a)(1) shall occur, at a minimum, on an annual basis. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commissioner shall 
notify the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives of any changes to the priorities referred to in sub-section (a) not later than 30 days before such changes are to take effect. 
SEC. 104. EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IMPROVE 
EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND AP-PRAISE IMPORTED ARTICLES, TO IM-PROVE TRADE ENFORCEMENT EF-FORTS, AND TO OTHERWISE FACILI-TATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commissioner 
and the Director shall establish and carry out on a fiscal year basis educational semi-nars to— 
(A) improve the ability of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection personnel to classify and appraise articles imported into the United States in accordance with the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States; 
(B) improve the trade enforcement efforts 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel; and 
(C) otherwise improve the ability and ef-
fectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection personnel and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to facilitate legitimate international trade. 
(b) C
ONTENT .— 
(1) C LASSIFYING AND APPRAISING IMPORTED  
ARTICLES .—In carrying out subsection 
(a)(1)(A), the Commissioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under subsection (c) shall provide instruction and related instructional mate-rials at each educational seminar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion personnel and, as appropriate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel on the following: 
(A) Conducting a physical inspection of an 
article imported into the United States, in-cluding testing of samples of the article, to determine if the article is mislabeled in the manifest or other accompanying documenta-tion. 
(B) Reviewing the manifest and other ac-
companying documentation of an article im-ported into the United States to determine if the country of origin of the article listed in the manifest or other accompanying docu-mentation is accurate. 
(C) Customs valuation. (D) Industry supply chains and other re-
lated matters as determined to be appro-priate by the Commissioner. 
(2) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS .—In car-
rying out subsection (a)(1)(B), the Commis-sioner, the Director, and interested parties in the private sector selected under sub-section (c) shall provide instruction and re-lated instructional materials at each edu-cational seminar under this section to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel and, as appropriate, to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to identify opportunities to enhance enforcement of the following: 
(A) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and 
antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(B) Addressing evasion of duties on imports 
of textiles. 
(C) Protection of intellectual property 
rights. 
(D) Enforcement of child labor laws. (3) A
PPROVAL OF COMMISSIONER AND DIREC -
TOR.—The instruction and related instruc-
tional materials at each educational seminar under this section shall be subject to the ap-proval of the Commissioner and the Director. 
(c) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
establish a process to solicit, evaluate, and select interested parties in the private sector for purposes of assisting in providing in-struction and related instructional materials described in subsection (b) at each edu-cational seminar under this section. 
(2) C
RITERIA .—The Commissioner shall 
evaluate and select interested parties in the private sector under the process established under paragraph (1) based on— 
(A) availability and usefulness; (B) the volume, value, and incidence of 
mislabeling or misidentification of origin of imported articles; and 
(C) other appropriate criteria established 
by the Commissioner. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commis-
sioner and the Director shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed description of the process established under paragraph (1) and the criteria established under paragraph (2). 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ANTIDUMPING AND  
COUNTERVAILING DUTYORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
give due consideration to carrying out an educational seminar under this section in whole or in part to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel to enforce a countervailing or anti-dumping duty order issued under section 706 or 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e or 1673e) upon the request of a petitioner in an action underlying such countervailing or antidumping duty order. 
(2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—A petitioner de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be treated as an interested party in the private sector for purposes of the requirements of this section. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Com-
missioner and the Director shall establish performance standards to measure the devel-opment and level of achievement of edu-cational seminars under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTING .—Beginning September 30, 
2016, the Commissioner and the Director shall submit to the Committee of Finance of the Senate and the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Representatives an annual report on the effectiveness of edu-cational seminars under this section. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. 
(2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United 
States’’ means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in General Note 2 to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
(3) U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection personnel’’ means import specialists, auditors, and other appropriate employees of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(4) U.S. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN -
FORCEMENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel’’ means Homeland Security Investiga-tions Directorate personnel and other appro-priate employees of U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 105. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Commis-sioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly de-velop and submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives, a joint strategic plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint strategic plan re-
quired under this section shall be comprised of a comprehensive multi-year plan for trade enforcement and trade facilitation, and shall include— 
(1) a summary of actions taken during the 
2-year period preceding the submission of the plan to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation, including a description and analysis of specific performance measures to evaluate the progress of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in meeting each such responsibility; 
(2) a statement of objectives and plans for 
further improving trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(3) a specific identification of the priority 
trade issues described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, that can be addressed in order to enhance trade en-forcement and trade facilitation, and a de-scription of strategies and plans for address-ing each such issue, including— 
(A) a description of the targeting meth-
odologies used for enforcement activities with respect to each such issue; 
(B) recommendations for improving such 
enforcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of 
previous recommendations for improving such enforcement activities; 
(4) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination among and within Federal agencies, and in particular between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, regarding trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(5) a description of the training that has 
occurred to date within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to improve trade en-forcement and trade facilitation, including training under section 104 of this Act; 
(6) a description of efforts to work with the 
World Customs Organization and other inter-national organizations, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, with respect to enhancing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(7) a description of U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection organizational benchmarks for optimizing staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 
(8) a specific identification of any domestic 
or international best practices that may fur-ther improve trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; 
(9) any legislative recommendations to fur-
ther improve trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; and 
(10) a description of efforts made to im-
prove consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade enforce-ment and trade facilitation. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In developing the joint 
strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from the relevant 
Federal agencies, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2874 May 13, 2015 
(i) the Department of the Treasury; 
(ii) the Department of Agriculture; (iii) the Department of Commerce; (iv) the Department of Justice; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(vii) the Food and Drug Administration; (viii) the Consumer Product Safety Com-
mission; and 
(ix) the Office of the United States Trade 
Representative; and 
(B) the Commercial Customs Operations 
Advisory Committee established by section 109 of this Act. 
(2) O
THER CONSULTATIONS .—In developing 
the joint strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall seek to consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from relevant for-
eign law enforcement agencies and inter-national organizations, including the World Customs Organization; and 
(B) interested parties in the private sector. 
(d) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 106. AUTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON-
MENT. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 13031(f)(4)(B) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)(B)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2003 through 2005’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2016 through 2018’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘such amounts as are avail-
able in that Account’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $153,736,000’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘for the development’’ and 
inserting ‘‘to complete the development and implementation’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Section 311(b)(3) of the Cus-
toms Border Security Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2075 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2016, the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing— 
‘‘(i) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s 
incorporation of all core trade processing ca-pabilities, including cargo release, entry summary, cargo manifest, cargo financial data, and export data elements into the Automated Commercial Environment com-puter system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budg-et and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)) not later than September 30, 2016, to conform with the admissibility criteria of agencies participating in the International Trade Data System identified pursuant to section 411(d)(4)(A)(iii) of the Tariff Act of 1930; 
‘‘(ii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s 
remaining priorities for processing entry summary data elements, cargo manifest data elements, cargo financial data elements, and export elements in the Automated Commer-cial Environment computer system, and the objectives and plans for implementing these remaining priorities; 
‘‘(iii) the components of the National Cus-
toms Automation Program specified in sub-section (a)(2) of section 411 of the Tariff Act of 1930 that have not been implemented; and 
‘‘(iv) any additional components of the Na-
tional Customs Automation Program initi-ated by the Commissioner to complete the development, establishment, and implemen-tation of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment computer system. ‘‘(B) U
PDATE OF REPORTS .—Not later than 
September 30, 2017, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives an updated report addressing each of the matters referred to in subparagraph (A), and— 
‘‘(i) evaluating the effectiveness of the im-
plementation of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system; and 
‘‘(ii) detailing the percentage of trade proc-
essed in the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment every month since September 30, 2016.’’. 
(c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report— 
(1) assessing the progress of other Federal 
agencies in accessing and utilizing the Auto-mated Commercial Environment; and 
(2) assessing the potential cost savings to 
the United States Government and importers and exporters and the potential benefits to enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States if the elements identi-fied in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 311(b)(3)(A) of the Customs Border Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, are implemented. 
SEC. 107. INTERNATIONAL TRADE DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE .—Section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1411(d)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
work with the head of each agency partici-pating in the ITDS and the Interagency Steering Committee to ensure that each agency— 
‘‘(i) develops and maintains the necessary 
information technology infrastructure to support the operation of the ITDS and to submit all data to the ITDS electronically; 
‘‘(ii) enters into a memorandum of under-
standing, or takes such other action as is necessary, to provide for the information sharing between the agency and U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection necessary for the operation and maintenance of the ITDS; 
‘‘(iii) not later than June 30, 2016, identifies 
and transmits to the Commissioner respon-sible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection the admissibility criteria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the re-lease of cargo by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for incorporation into the oper-ational functionality of the Automated Com-mercial Environment computer system au-thorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Con-solidated Omnibus Budget and Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)); and 
‘‘(iv) not later than December 31, 2016, uti-
lizes the ITDS as the primary means of re-ceiving from users the standard set of data and other relevant documentation, exclusive of applications for permits, licenses, or cer-tifications required for the release of im-ported cargo and clearance of cargo for ex-port. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to require any action to be taken that would com-promise an ongoing law enforcement inves-tigation or national security.’’; and (3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 108. CONSULTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO 
MUTUAL RECOGNITION ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security, with respect to any pro-posed mutual recognition arrangement or similar agreement between the United States and a foreign government providing for mutual recognition of supply chain secu-rity programs and customs revenue func-tions, shall consult— 
(1) not later than 30 days before initiating 
negotiations to enter into any such arrange-ment or similar agreement, with the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before entering 
into any such arrangement or similar agree-ment, with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(b) N
EGOTIATING OBJECTIVE .—It shall be a 
negotiating objective of the United States in any negotiation for a mutual recognition ar-rangement with a foreign country on part-nership programs, such as the Customs- Trade Partnership Against Terrorism estab-lished under subtitle B of title II of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), to seek to ensure the compatibility of the partnership pro-grams of that country with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to enhance trade facilitation and trade enforcement. 
SEC. 109. COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS OPERATIONS 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the 
date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall be comprised of— 
(A) 20 individuals appointed under para-
graph (2); 
(B) the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy 
of the Department of the Treasury and the Commissioner, who shall jointly co-chair meetings of the Advisory Committee; and 
(C) the Assistant Secretary for Policy and 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security, who shall serve as dep-uty co-chairs of meetings of the Advisory Committee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly appoint 20 individuals from the private sector to the Advisory Com-mittee. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In making appoint-
ments under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall appoint members— 
(i) to ensure that the membership of the 
Advisory Committee is representative of the individuals and firms affected by the com-mercial operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; and 
(ii) without regard to political affiliation. (C) T
ERMS .—Each individual appointed to 
the Advisory Committee under this para-graph shall be appointed for a term of not more than 3 years, and may be reappointed to subsequent terms, but may not serve more than 2 terms sequentially. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2875 May 13, 2015 
(3) T RANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer members serving on the Advisory Committee on Com-mercial Operations of the United States Cus-toms Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Advisory Committee established under subsection (a). 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary of the Treasury 
and the Secretary of Homeland Security on all matters involving the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, including advising with respect to sig-nificant changes that are proposed with re-spect to regulations, policies, or practices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) provide recommendations to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security on improvements to the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) collaborate in developing the agenda for 
Advisory Committee meetings; and 
(4) perform such other functions relating 
to the commercial operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection as prescribed by law or as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly direct. 
(d) M
EETINGS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, or at the call of not less than two- thirds of the membership of the Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall meet at least 4 times each calendar year. 
(2) O
PEN MEETINGS .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 10(a) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee meetings shall be open to the public unless the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security determines that the meeting will include matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, priorities, or negoti-ating objectives or positions that could im-pact the commercial operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or the oper-ations or investigations of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than De-
cember 31, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(1) describes the activities of the Advisory 
Committee during the preceding fiscal year; and 
(2) sets forth any recommendations of the 
Advisory Committee regarding the commer-cial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14(a)(2) of the 
Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.; relating to the termination of advisory committees) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on 
which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is repealed. 
(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in law to 
the Advisory Committee on Commercial Op-erations of the United States Customs Serv-ice established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) made on or after the date on which the Advisory Committee is es-tablished under subsection (a), shall be deemed a reference to the Commercial Cus-
toms Operations Advisory Committee estab-lished under subsection (a). 
SEC. 110. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AND EXPER-
TISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall, 
in consultation with the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Commercial Customs Operations Ad-visory Committee established by section 109 of this Act, develop and implement Centers of Excellence and Expertise throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protection that— 
(1) enhance the economic competitiveness 
of the United States by consistently enforc-ing the laws and regulations of the United States at all ports of entry of the United States and by facilitating the flow of legiti-mate trade through increasing industry- based knowledge; 
(2) improve enforcement efforts, including 
enforcement of priority trade issues de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii) of section 2(d)(3) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act, in specific in-dustry sectors through the application of targeting information from the Commercial Targeting Division established under sub-paragraph (A) of such section 2(d)(3) and from other means of verification; 
(3) build upon the expertise of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection in particular in-dustry operations, supply chains, and com-pliance requirements; 
(4) promote the uniform implementation at 
each port of entry of the United States of policies and regulations relating to imports; 
(5) centralize the trade enforcement and 
trade facilitation efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) formalize an account-based approach to 
apply, as the Commissioner determines ap-propriate, to the importation of merchandise into the United States; 
(7) foster partnerships though the expan-
sion of trade programs and other trusted partner programs; 
(8) develop applicable performance meas-
urements to meet internal efficiency and ef-fectiveness goals; and 
(9) whenever feasible, facilitate a more effi-
cient flow of information between Federal agencies. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report describing— 
(1) the scope, functions, and structure of 
each Center of Excellence and Expertise de-veloped and implemented under subsection (a); 
(2) the effectiveness of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in improving en-forcement efforts, including enforcement of priority trade issues, and facilitating legiti-mate trade; 
(3) the quantitative and qualitative bene-
fits of each such Center of Excellence and Expertise to the trade community, including through fostering partnerships through the expansion of trade programs such as the Im-porter Self Assessment program and other trusted partner programs; 
(4) all applicable performance measure-
ments with respect to each such Center of Excellence and Expertise, including perform-ance measures with respect to meeting inter-nal efficiency and effectiveness goals; 
(5) the performance of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in increasing the accuracy and completeness of data with re-spect to international trade and facilitating a more efficient flow of information between Federal agencies; and (6) any planned changes in the number, 
scope, functions or any other aspect of the Centers of Excellence and Expertise devel-oped and implemented under subsection (a). 
SEC. 111. COMMERCIAL TARGETING DIVISION 
AND NATIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(d) of the Act of 
March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL TARGETING DIVISION AND  
NATIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS GROUPS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT OF COMMERCIAL TAR -
GETING DIVISION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall establish and maintain within the Office of International Trade a Commercial Targeting Division. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commercial Tar-
geting Division shall be composed of— 
‘‘(I) headquarters personnel led by an Exec-
utive Director, who shall report to the As-sistant Commissioner for Trade; and 
‘‘(II) individual National Targeting and 
Analysis Groups, each led by a Director who shall report to the Executive Director of the Commercial Targeting Division. 
‘‘(iii) D
UTIES .—The Commercial Targeting 
Division shall be dedicated— 
‘‘(I) to the development and conduct of 
commercial risk assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States in accordance with subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(II) to issuing Trade Alerts described in 
subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL TARGETING AND ANALYSIS  
GROUPS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A National Targeting 
and Analysis Group referred to in subpara-graph (A)(ii)(II) shall, at a minimum, be es-tablished for each priority trade issue de-scribed in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY TRADE ISSUES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—The priority trade issues 
described in this clause are the following: 
‘‘(aa) Agriculture programs. ‘‘(bb) Antidumping and countervailing du-
ties. 
‘‘(cc) Import safety. ‘‘(dd) Intellectual property rights. ‘‘(ee) Revenue. ‘‘(ff) Textiles and wearing apparel. ‘‘(gg) Trade agreements and preference 
programs. 
‘‘(II) M
ODIFICATION .—The Commissioner is 
authorized to establish new priority trade issues and eliminate, consolidate, or other-wise modify the priority trade issues de-scribed in this paragraph if the Commis-sioner— 
‘‘(aa) determines it necessary and appro-
priate to do so; 
‘‘(bb) submits to the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a summary of proposals to consolidate, eliminate, or otherwise modify existing pri-ority trade issues not later than 60 days be-fore such changes are to take effect; and 
‘‘(cc) submits to the Committee on Finance 
of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a summary of proposals to establish new pri-ority trade issues not later than 30 days after such changes are to take effect. 
‘‘(iii) D
UTIES .—The duties of each National 
Targeting and Analysis Group shall in-clude— 
‘‘(I) directing the trade enforcement and 
compliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that relate to the Group’s priority trade issue; 
‘‘(II) facilitating, promoting, and coordi-
nating cooperation and the exchange of in-formation between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2876 May 13, 2015 
Enforcement, and other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies regarding the Group’s priority trade issue; and 
‘‘(III) serving as the primary liaison be-
tween U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the public regarding United States Gov-ernment activities regarding the Group’s pri-ority trade issue, including— 
‘‘(aa) providing for receipt and trans-
mission to the appropriate U.S. Customs and Border Protection office of allegations from interested parties in the private sector of violations of customs and trade laws of the United States of merchandise relating to the priority trade issue; 
‘‘(bb) obtaining information from the ap-
propriate U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion office on the status of any activities re-sulting from the submission of any such alle-gation, including any decision not to pursue the allegation, and providing any such infor-mation to each interested party in the pri-vate sector that submitted the allegation every 90 days after the allegation was re-ceived by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion unless providing such information would compromise an ongoing law enforce-ment investigation; and 
‘‘(cc) notifying on a timely basis each in-
terested party in the private sector that sub-mitted such allegation of any civil or crimi-nal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection or other Federal department or agency resulting from the allegation. 
‘‘(C) C
OMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR -
GETING .—In carrying out its duties with re-
spect to commercial risk assessment tar-geting, the Commercial Targeting Division shall— 
‘‘(i) establish targeted risk assessment 
methodologies and standards— 
‘‘(I) for evaluating the risk that cargo des-
tined for the United States may violate the customs and trade laws of the United States, particularly those laws applicable to mer-chandise subject to the priority trade issues described in subparagraph (B)(ii); and 
‘‘(II) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade 
Alerts described in subparagraph (D); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable and other-
wise authorized by law, use, to administer the methodologies and standards established under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) publicly available information; ‘‘(II) information available from the Auto-
mated Commercial System, the Automated Commercial Environment computer system, the Automated Targeting System, the Auto-mated Export System, the International Trade Data System, the TECS (formerly known as the ‘Treasury Enforcement Com-
munications System’), the case management system of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and any successor systems; and 
‘‘(III) information made available to the 
Commercial Targeting Division, including information provided by private sector enti-ties. 
‘‘(D) T
RADE ALERTS .— 
‘‘(i) I SSUANCE .—Based upon the application 
of the targeted risk assessment methodolo-gies and standards established under sub-paragraph (C), the Executive Director of the Commercial Targeting Division and the Di-rectors of the National Targeting and Anal-ysis Groups may issue Trade Alerts to direc-tors of United States ports of entry directing further inspection, or physical examination or testing, of specific merchandise to ensure compliance with all applicable customs and trade laws and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATIONS NOT TO IMPLEMENT  
TRADE ALERTS .—The director of a United 
States port of entry may determine not to conduct further inspections, or physical ex-amination or testing, pursuant to a Trade Alert issued under clause (i) if the director— ‘‘(I) finds that such a determination is jus-
tified by security interests; and 
‘‘(II) notifies the Assistant Commissioner 
of the Office of Field Operations and the As-sistant Commissioner of International Trade of U.S. Customs and Border Protection of the determination and the reasons for the deter-mination not later than 48 hours after mak-ing the determination. 
‘‘(iii) S
UMMARY OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO  
IMPLEMENT .—The Assistant Commissioner of 
the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall— 
‘‘(I) compile an annual public summary of 
all determinations by directors of United States ports of entry under clause (ii) and the reasons for those determinations; 
‘‘(II) conduct an evaluation of the utiliza-
tion of Trade Alerts issued under clause (i); and 
‘‘(III) submit the summary to the Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives not later than December 31 of each year. 
‘‘(iv) I
NSPECTION DEFINED .—In this subpara-
graph, the term ‘inspection’ means the com-prehensive evaluation process used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, other than physical examination or testing, to permit the entry of merchandise into the United States, or the clearance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States, for purposes of— 
‘‘(I) assessing duties; ‘‘(II) identifying restricted or prohibited 
items; and 
‘‘(III) ensuring compliance with all appli-
cable customs and trade laws and regula-tions administered by U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection.’’. 
(b) U
SE OF TRADE DATA FOR COMMERCIAL  
ENFORCEMENT PURPOSES .—Section 
343(a)(3)(F) of the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) The information collected pursuant to 
the regulations shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, pre-venting smuggling, and commercial risk as-sessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, in-cluding for determining merchandise entry. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, nothing in this section shall be treated as amending, repealing, or otherwise modifying title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 or regula-tions prescribed thereunder.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF REVENUE 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, and not later than March 31 of each sec-ond year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report assess-ing, with respect to the period covered by the report, as specified in subsection (b), the following: 
(1) The effectiveness of the measures taken 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to protection of revenue, including— 
(A) the collection of countervailing duties 
assessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.); 
(B) the assessment, collection, and mitiga-
tion of commercial fines and penalties; 
(C) the use of bonds, including continuous 
and single transaction bonds, to secure that revenue; and 
(D) the adequacy of the policies of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection with respect to the monitoring and tracking of merchan-dise transported in bond and collecting du-
ties, as appropriate. 
(2) The effectiveness of actions taken by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection to measure accountability and performance with respect to protection of revenue. 
(3) The number and outcome of investiga-
tions instituted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the under-payment of duties. 
(4) The effectiveness of training with re-
spect to the collection of duties provided for personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(b) P
ERIOD COVERED BY REPORT .—Each re-
port required by subsection (a) shall cover the period of 2 fiscal years ending on Sep-tember 30 of the calendar year preceding the submission of the report. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON SECURITY AND REVENUE 
MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO MER-CHANDISE TRANSPORTED IN BOND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 
31 of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on efforts under-taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the secure transportation of merchandise in bond through the United States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include, for the fiscal year preceding the submission of the report, information on— 
(1) the overall number of entries of mer-
chandise for transportation in bond through the United States; 
(2) the ports at which merchandise arrives 
in the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of the arrival of such merchandise are generated; 
(3) the average time taken to reconcile 
such records with the records at the final destination of the merchandise in the United States to demonstrate that the merchandise reaches its final destination or is reexported; 
(4) the average time taken to transport 
merchandise in bond from the port at which the merchandise arrives in the United States to its final destination in the United States; 
(5) the total amount of duties, taxes, and 
fees owed with respect to shipments of mer-chandise transported in bond and the total amount of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 
(6) the total number of notifications by 
carriers of merchandise being transported in bond that the destination of the merchandise has changed; and 
(7) the number of entries that remain 
unreconciled. 
SEC. 114. IMPORTER OF RECORD PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain im-porter of record numbers. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that, as part of the importer of record program, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion— 
(1) develops criteria that importers must 
meet in order to obtain an importer of record number, including— 
(A) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to verify the existence of the importer requesting the importer of record number; 
(B) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify linkages or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2877 May 13, 2015 
other affiliations between importers that are 
requesting or have been assigned importer of record numbers; and 
(C) criteria to ensure sufficient informa-
tion is collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify changes in ad-dress and corporate structure of importers; 
(2) provides a process by which importers 
are assigned importer of record numbers; 
(3) maintains a centralized database of im-
porter of record numbers, including a history of importer of record numbers associated with each importer, and the information de-scribed in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (1); 
(4) evaluates and maintains the accuracy 
of the database if such information changes; and 
(5) takes measures to ensure that duplicate 
importer of record numbers are not issued. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the importer of record pro-gram established under subsection (a). 
(d) N
UMBER DEFINED .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘number’’, with respect to an im-porter of record, means a filing identifica-tion number described in section 24.5 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation) that fully supports the requirements of subsection (b) with respect to the collection and mainte-nance of information. 
SEC. 115. ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW IMPORTER 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commissioner shall es-tablish a new importer program that directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ad-just bond amounts for new importers based on the level of risk assessed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for protection of rev-enue of the Federal Government. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Commissioner 
shall ensure that, as part of the new im-porter program established under subsection (a), U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) develops risk-based criteria for deter-
mining which importers are considered to be new importers for the purposes of this sub-section; 
(2) develops risk assessment guidelines for 
new importers to determine if and to what extent— 
(A) to adjust bond amounts of imported 
products of new importers; and 
(B) to increase screening of imported prod-
ucts of new importers; 
(3) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new im-porters relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues described in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) of section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072(d)), as added by section 111(a) of this Act; 
(4) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new im-porters by Centers of Excellence and Exper-tise established under section 110 of this Act; and 
(5) establishes a centralized database of 
new importers to ensure accuracy of infor-mation that is required to be provided by new importers to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY IMPORT SAFETY WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an interagency Import Safety Working Group. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The interagency Import 
Safety Working Group shall consist of the following officials or their designees: 
(1) The Secretary of Homeland Security, 
who shall serve as the Chair. 
(2) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, who shall serve as the Vice Chair. 
(3) The Secretary of the Treasury. (4) The Secretary of Commerce. (5) The Secretary of Agriculture. (6) The United States Trade Representa-
tive. 
(7) The Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget. 
(8) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. (9) The Commissioner responsible for U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection. 
(10) The Chairman of the Consumer Prod-
uct Safety Commission. 
(11) The Director of U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. 
(12) The head of any other Federal agency 
designated by the President to participate in the interagency Import Safety Working Group, as appropriate. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the interagency 
Import Safety Working Group shall include— 
(1) consulting on the development of the 
joint import safety rapid response plan re-quired by section 202 of this Act; 
(2) periodically evaluating the adequacy of 
the plans, practices, and resources of the Federal Government dedicated to ensuring the safety of merchandise imported in the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise, including— 
(A) minimizing the duplication of efforts 
among agencies the heads of which are mem-bers of the interagency Import Safety Work-ing Group and ensuring the compatibility of the policies and regulations of those agen-cies; and 
(B) recommending additional administra-
tive actions, as appropriate, designed to en-sure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise and considering the im-pact of those actions on private sector enti-ties; 
(3) reviewing the engagement and coopera-
tion of foreign governments and foreign manufacturers in facilitating the inspection and certification, as appropriate, of such merchandise to be imported into the United States and the facilities producing such mer-chandise to ensure the safety of the mer-chandise and the expeditious entry of the merchandise into the United States; 
(4) identifying best practices, in consulta-
tion with private sector entities as appro-priate, to assist United States importers in taking all appropriate steps to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States, including with respect to— 
(A) the inspection of manufacturing facili-
ties in foreign countries; 
(B) the inspection of merchandise destined 
for the United States before exportation from a foreign country or before distribution in the United States; and 
(C) the protection of the international sup-
ply chain (as defined in section 2 of the Secu-rity and Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 901)); 
(5) identifying best practices to assist Fed-
eral, State, and local governments and agen-cies, and port authorities, to improve com-munication and coordination among such agencies and authorities with respect to en-suring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; and 
(6) otherwise identifying appropriate steps 
to increase the accountability of United States importers and the engagement of for-eign government agencies with respect to en-suring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious 
entry of such merchandise. 
SEC. 202. JOINT IMPORT SAFETY RAPID RE-
SPONSE PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the interagency Import Safety Working Group, shall develop a plan (to be known as the ‘‘joint import safety rapid response plan’’) that sets forth proto-cols and defines practices for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use— 
(1) in taking action in response to, and co-
ordinating Federal responses to, an incident in which cargo destined for or merchandise entering the United States has been identi-fied as posing a threat to the health or safe-ty of consumers in the United States; and 
(2) in recovering from or mitigating the ef-
fects of actions and responses to an incident described in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint import safety 
rapid response plan shall address— 
(1) the statutory and regulatory authori-
ties and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agen-cies in responding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1); 
(2) the protocols and practices to be used 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection when taking action in response to, and coordi-nating Federal responses to, such an inci-dent; 
(3) the measures to be taken by U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and other Fed-eral agencies in recovering from or miti-gating the effects of actions taken in re-sponse to such an incident after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 
(4) exercises that U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection may conduct in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, and pri-vate sector entities, to simulate responses to such an incident. 
(c) U
PDATES OF PLAN.—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall review and update the joint import safety rapid response plan, as appropriate, after conducting exercises under subsection (d). 
(d) I
MPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY EXER-
CISES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security and the Commissioner shall periodically engage in the exercises referred to in subsection (b)(4), in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies and pri-vate sector entities, as appropriate, to test and evaluate the protocols and practices identified in the joint import safety rapid re-sponse plan at United States ports of entry. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EXERCISES .—In con-
ducting exercises under paragraph (1), the Secretary and the Commissioner shall— 
(A) make allowance for the resources, 
needs, and constraints of United States ports of entry of different sizes in representative geographic locations across the United States; 
(B) base evaluations on current risk assess-
ments of merchandise entering the United States at representative United States ports of entry located across the United States; 
(C) ensure that such exercises are con-
ducted in a manner consistent with the Na-tional Incident Management System, the Na-tional Response Plan, the National Infra-structure Protection Plan, the National Pre-paredness Guidelines, the Maritime Trans-portation System Security Plan, and other such national initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security, as appropriate; and 
(D) develop metrics with respect to the re-
sumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States after an incident described in subsection (a)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2878 May 13, 2015 
(3) R EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTING AND EVAL -
UATION .—The Secretary and the Commis-
sioner shall ensure that the testing and eval-uation carried out in conducting exercises under paragraph (1)— 
(A) are performed using clear and objective 
performance measures; and 
(B) result in the identification of specific 
recommendations or best practices for re-sponding to an incident described in sub-section (a)(1). 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
AND BEST PRACTICES .—The Secretary and the 
Commissioner shall— 
(A) share the recommendations or best 
practices identified under paragraph (3)(B) among the members of the interagency Im-port Safety Working Group and with, as ap-propriate— 
(i) State, local, and tribal governments; (ii) foreign governments; and (iii) private sector entities; and (B) use such recommendations and best 
practices to update the joint import safety rapid response plan. 
SEC. 203. TRAINING. 
The Commissioner shall ensure that per-
sonnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion assigned to United States ports of entry are trained to effectively administer the pro-visions of this title and to otherwise assist in ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTEC-
TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITION OF INTELLECTUAL PROP-
ERTY RIGHTS. 
In this title, the term ‘‘intellectual prop-
erty rights’’ refers to copyrights, trade-marks, and other forms of intellectual prop-erty rights that are enforced by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 302. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RELATED 
TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 628 (19 U.S.C. 1628) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 628A. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RE-
LATED TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections 
(c) and (d), if the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection sus-pects that merchandise is being imported into the United States in violation of section 526 of this Act or section 602, 1201(a)(2), or 1201(b)(1) of title 17, United States Code, and determines that the examination or testing of the merchandise by a person described in subsection (b) would assist the Commissioner in determining if the merchandise is being imported in violation of that section, the Commissioner, to permit the person to con-duct the examination and testing— 
‘‘(1) shall provide to the person informa-
tion that appears on the merchandise and its packaging and labels, including unredacted images of the merchandise and its packaging and labels; and 
‘‘(2) may, subject to any applicable bonding 
requirements, provide to the person unredacted samples of the merchandise. 
‘‘(b) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person de-
scribed in this subsection is— 
‘‘(1) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being imported in violation of section 526, the owner of the trademark suspected of being copied or simulated by the merchan-dise; 
‘‘(2) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being imported in violation of section 602 of title 17, United States Code, the owner of the copyright suspected of being infringed by the merchandise; 
‘‘(3) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological 
measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under that title, and being imported in violation of section 1201(a)(2) of that title, the owner of a copyright in the work; and 
‘‘(4) in the case of merchandise suspected 
of being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection af-forded by a technological measure that effec-tively protects a right of an owner of a copy-right in a work or a portion of a work, and being imported in violation of section 1201(b)(1) of that title, the owner of the copy-right. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) applies 
only with respect to merchandise suspected of infringing a trademark or copyright that is recorded with U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—The Commissioner may 
not provide under subsection (a) informa-tion, photographs, or samples to a person de-
scribed in subsection (b) if providing such in-formation, photographs, or samples would compromise an ongoing law enforcement in-vestigation or national security.’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS AUTHORITY .— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 818(g) of Public Law 112–81 (125 Stat. 1496), paragraph (1) of that section shall have no force or effect on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. SEIZURE OF CIRCUMVENTION DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 596(c)(2) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1595a(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
determines it is a technology, product, serv-ice, device, component, or part thereof the importation of which is prohibited under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF PERSONS INJURED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 30 business days after seizing mer-chandise pursuant to subparagraph (G) of section 596(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (a), the Commissioner shall provide to any person identified under paragraph (2) information regarding the mer-chandise seized that is equivalent to infor-mation provided to copyright owners under regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for merchandise seized for violation of the copyright laws. 
(2) P
ERSONS TO BE PROVIDED INFORMATION .— 
Any person injured by the violation of (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code, that resulted in the seizure of the merchandise shall be provided informa-tion under paragraph (1), if that person is in-cluded on a list maintained by the Commis-sioner that is revised annually through pub-lication in the Federal Register. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations establishing procedures that im-plement this subsection. 
SEC. 304. ENFORCEMENT BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR WHICH COPYRIGHT REGISTRA-TION IS PENDING. 
Not later than the date that is 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall authorize a process pursuant to which the Commissioner shall enforce a copyright for which the owner has submitted an applica-tion for registration under title 17, United States Code, with the United States Copy-right Office, to the same extent and in the same manner as if the copyright were reg-istered with the Copyright Office, including 
by sharing information, images, and samples of merchandise suspected of infringing the copyright under section 628A of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall— 
(1) establish within U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement a National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center; and 
(2) appoint an Assistant Director to head 
the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Assistant Director of the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Co-ordination Center shall— 
(1) coordinate the investigation of sources 
of merchandise that infringe intellectual property rights to identify organizations and individuals that produce, smuggle, or dis-tribute such merchandise; 
(2) conduct and coordinate training with 
other domestic and international law en-forcement agencies on investigative best practices— 
(A) to develop and expand the capability of 
such agencies to enforce intellectual prop-erty rights; and 
(B) to develop metrics to assess whether 
the training improved enforcement of intel-lectual property rights; 
(3) coordinate, with U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection, activities conducted by the United States to prevent the importation or exportation of merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights; 
(4) support the international interdiction 
of merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights; 
(5) collect and integrate information re-
garding infringement of intellectual prop-erty rights from domestic and international law enforcement agencies and other non- Federal sources; 
(6) develop a means to receive and organize 
information regarding infringement of intel-lectual property rights from such agencies and other sources; 
(7) disseminate information regarding in-
fringement of intellectual property rights to other Federal agencies, as appropriate; 
(8) develop and implement risk-based alert 
systems, in coordination with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve the tar-geting of persons that repeatedly infringe in-tellectual property rights; 
(9) coordinate with the offices of United 
States attorneys in order to develop exper-tise in, and assist with the investigation and prosecution of, crimes relating to the in-fringement of intellectual property rights; and 
(10) carry out such other duties as the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may assign. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .— 
In carrying out the duties described in sub-section (b), the Assistant Director of the Na-tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordi-nation Center shall coordinate with— 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (2) the Food and Drug Administration; (3) the Department of Justice; (4) the Department of Commerce, including 
the United States Patent and Trademark Of-fice; 
(5) the United States Postal Inspection 
Service; 
(6) the Office of the United States Trade 
Representative; 
(7) any Federal, State, local, or inter-
national law enforcement agencies that the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement considers appropriate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2879 May 13, 2015 
(8) any other entities that the Director 
considers appropriate. 
(d) P RIVATE SECTOR OUTREACH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Director of 
the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall work with U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies to conduct outreach to pri-vate sector entities in order to determine trends in and methods of infringing intellec-tual property rights. 
(2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Assistant 
Director shall share information and best practices with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights with private sec-tor entities, as appropriate, in order to co-ordinate public and private sector efforts to combat the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 306. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
The Commissioner and the Director of U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall include in the joint strategic plan required by section 105 of this Act— 
(1) a description of the efforts of the De-
partment of Homeland Security to enforce intellectual property rights; 
(2) a list of the 10 United States ports of 
entry at which U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection has seized the most merchandise, both by volume and by value, that infringes intellectual property rights during the most recent 2-year period for which data are avail-able; and 
(3) a recommendation for the optimal allo-
cation of personnel, resources, and tech-nology to ensure that U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement are adequately enforc-ing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 307. PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) P ERSONNEL OF U.S. C USTOMS AND BOR-
DERPROTECTION .—The Commissioner and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall ensure that sufficient per-sonnel are assigned throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, who have responsibility for preventing the impor-tation into the United States of merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights. 
(b) S
TAFFING OF NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER .— 
The Commissioner shall— 
(1) assign not fewer than 3 full-time em-
ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center established under section 305 of this Act; and 
(2) ensure that sufficient personnel are as-
signed to United States ports of entry to carry out the directives of the Center. 
SEC. 308. TRAINING WITH RESPECT TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) T RAINING .—The Commissioner shall en-
sure that officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are trained to effectively detect and identify merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights, including through the use of technologies identified under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— 
The Commissioner shall consult with private sector entities to better identify opportuni-ties for collaboration between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and such entities with respect to training for officers of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection in enforcing in-tellectual property rights. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .— 
In consultation with private sector entities, the Commissioner shall identify— 
(1) technologies with the cost-effective ca-
pability to detect and identify merchandise at United States ports of entry that in-
fringes intellectual property rights; and 
(2) cost-effective programs for training of-
ficers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use such technologies. 
(d) D
ONATIONS OF TECHNOLOGY .—Not later 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commis-sioner shall prescribe regulations to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection to re-ceive donations of hardware, software, equip-ment, and similar technologies, and to ac-cept training and other support services, from private sector entities, for the purpose of enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 309. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND 
INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) C OOPERATION .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall coordinate with the com-petent law enforcement and customs au-thorities of foreign countries, including by sharing information relevant to enforcement actions, to enhance the efforts of the United States and such authorities to enforce intel-lectual property rights. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security shall provide technical assistance to competent law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries to enhance the ability of such authorities to enforce intellectual property rights. 
(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The 
Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement shall lead interagency efforts to collaborate with 
law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries to enforce intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 310. REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS ENFORCEMENT. 
Not later than June 30, 2016, and annually 
thereafter, the Commissioner and the Direc-tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that contains the following: 
(1) With respect to the enforcement of in-
tellectual property rights, the following: 
(A) The number of referrals from U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement relating to infringement of intellectual property rights during the preceding year. 
(B) The number of investigations relating 
to the infringement of intellectual property rights referred by U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement to a United States attor-ney for prosecution and the United States attorneys to which those investigations were referred. 
(C) The number of such investigations ac-
cepted by each such United States attorney and the status or outcome of each such in-vestigation. 
(D) The number of such investigations that 
resulted in the imposition of civil or crimi-nal penalties. 
(E) A description of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement to im-prove the success rates of investigations and prosecutions relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
(2) An estimate of the average time re-
quired by the Office of International Trade of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to re-spond to a request from port personnel for advice with respect to whether merchandise detained by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion infringed intellectual property rights, distinguished by types of intellectual prop-erty rights infringed. 
(3) A summary of the outreach efforts of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement with respect to— (A) the interdiction and investigation of, 
and the sharing of information between those agencies and other Federal agencies to prevent the infringement of intellectual property rights; 
(B) collaboration with private sector enti-
ties— 
(i) to identify trends in the infringement 
of, and technologies that infringe, intellec-tual property rights; 
(ii) to identify opportunities for enhanced 
training of officers of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(iii) to develop best practices to enforce in-
tellectual property rights; and 
(C) coordination with foreign governments 
and international organizations with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
(4) A summary of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement to address the challenges with respect to the enforce-ment of intellectual property rights pre-sented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise seized for infringing intellectual property rights as a result of such efforts. 
(5) A summary of training relating to the 
enforcement of intellectual property rights conducted under section 308 of this Act and expenditures for such training. 
SEC. 311. INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE-
GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLEC-TUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall develop and carry out an educational campaign to inform travelers entering or leaving the United States about the legal, economic, and public health and safety implications of acquiring merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights outside the United States and importing such merchandise into the United States in violation of United States law. 
(b) D
ECLARATION FORMS .—The Commis-
sioner shall ensure that all versions of Dec-
laration Form 6059B of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or a successor form, in-cluding any electronic equivalent of Declara-tion Form 6059B or a successor form, printed or displayed on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise into the United States that infringes intellectual property rights may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to safety or health. 
TITLE IV—EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING 
AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Enforcing 
Orders and Reducing Customs Evasion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 516A (19 U.S.C. 1516a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 517. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTERING AUTHORITY .—The term 
‘administering authority’ has the meaning given that term in section 771(1). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-
sioner’ means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, act-ing pursuant to the delegation by the Sec-retary of the Treasury of the authority of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2880 May 13, 2015 
the Secretary with respect to customs rev-
enue functions (as defined in section 415 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 215)). 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term 
‘covered merchandise’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
‘‘(A) an antidumping duty order issued 
under section 736; 
‘‘(B) a finding issued under the Anti-
dumping Act, 1921; or 
‘‘(C) a countervailing duty order issued 
under section 706. 
‘‘(4) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘enter’ and 
‘entry’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of mer-chandise in the customs territory of the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
VASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evasion’ refers 
to entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other se-curity or any amount of applicable anti-dumping or countervailing duties being re-duced or not being applied with respect to the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CLERICAL ERROR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not in-clude entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
‘‘(I) a document or electronically trans-
mitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or 
‘‘(II) an omission that results from a cler-
ical error. 
‘‘(ii) P
ATTERNS OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT .—If 
the Commissioner determines that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in sub-clause (I) or (II) of clause (i) and that the clerical error is part of a pattern of negligent conduct on the part of that person, the Com-missioner may determine, notwithstanding clause (i), that the person has entered such covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTRONIC REPETITION OF ERRORS .— 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere non-intentional repetition by an electronic sys-tem of an initial clerical error does not con-stitute a pattern of negligent conduct. 
‘‘(iv) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A deter-
mination by the Commissioner that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in sub-clause (I) or (II) of clause (i) rather than through evasion shall not be construed to ex-cuse that person from the payment of any duties applicable to the merchandise. 
‘‘(6) I
NTERESTED PARTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘interested 
party’ means— 
‘‘(i) a manufacturer, producer, or whole-
saler in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(ii) a certified union or recognized union 
or group of workers that is representative of an industry engaged in the manufacture, production, or wholesale in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iii) a trade or business association a ma-
jority of whose members manufacture, produce, or wholesale a domestic like prod-uct in the United States; 
‘‘(iv) an association, a majority of whose 
members is composed of interested parties described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) with re-
spect to a domestic like product; and 
‘‘(v) if the covered merchandise is a proc-
essed agricultural product, as defined in sec-tion 771(4)(E), a coalition or trade associa-tion that is representative of either— 
‘‘(I) processors; ‘‘(II) processors and producers; or ‘‘(III) processors and growers, 
but this clause shall cease to have effect if the United States Trade Representative noti-fies the administering authority and the Commission that the application of this clause is inconsistent with the international obligations of the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC LIKE PRODUCT .—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domes-tic like product’ means a product that is like, or in the absence of like, most similar in characteristics and uses with, covered merchandise. 
‘‘(b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 busi-
ness days after receiving an allegation de-scribed in paragraph (2) or a referral de-scribed in paragraph (3), the Commissioner shall initiate an investigation if the Com-missioner determines that the information provided in the allegation or the referral, as the case may be, reasonably suggests that covered merchandise has been entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
LLEGATION DESCRIBED .—An allegation 
described in this paragraph is an allegation that a person has entered covered merchan-dise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion that is— 
‘‘(A) filed with the Commissioner by an in-
terested party; and 
‘‘(B) accompanied by information reason-
ably available to the party that filed the al-legation. 
‘‘(3) R
EFERRAL DESCRIBED .—A referral de-
scribed in this paragraph is information sub-mitted to the Commissioner by any other Federal agency, including the Department of Commerce or the United States Inter-national Trade Commission, that reasonably suggests that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSOLIDATION OF ALLEGATIONS AND  
REFERRALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may 
consolidate multiple allegations described in paragraph (2) and referrals described in para-graph (3) into a single investigation if the Commissioner determines it is appropriate to do so. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON TIMING REQUIREMENTS .—If 
the Commissioner consolidates multiple alle-gations or referrals into a single investiga-tion under subparagraph (A), the date on which the Commissioner receives the first such allegation or referral shall be used for purposes of the requirement under paragraph (1) with respect to the timing of the initi-ation of the investigation. 
‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION -SHARING TO PROTECT  
HEALTH AND SAFETY .—If, during the course of 
conducting an investigation under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner has reason to suspect that such covered merchandise may pose a health or safety risk to consumers, the Commis-sioner shall provide, as appropriate, informa-tion to the appropriate Federal agencies for purposes of mitigating the risk. 
‘‘(6) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon request, the Com-
missioner shall provide technical assistance and advice to eligible small businesses to en-able such businesses to prepare and submit allegations described in paragraph (2), except that the Commissioner may deny assistance if the Commissioner concludes that the alle-gation, if submitted, would not lead to the initiation of an investigation under this sub-
section or any other action to address the al-legation. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘eligible small business’ means any business concern that the Commissioner de-termines, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal resources nor the financial ability to obtain qualified outside assistance in preparing and filing allegations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) N
ON-REVIEWABILITY .—The determina-
tion of the Commissioner regarding whether a business concern is an eligible small busi-ness for purposes of this paragraph is not re-viewable by any other agency or by any court. 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 cal-
endar days after the date on which the Com-missioner initiates an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered mer-chandise, the Commissioner shall make a de-termination, based on substantial evidence, with respect to whether such covered mer-chandise was entered into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT AND VERIFY AD -
DITIONAL INFORMATION .—In making a deter-
mination under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner may collect such additional information as is nec-essary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers appropriate, including by— 
‘‘(A) issuing a questionnaire with respect 
to such covered merchandise to— 
‘‘(i) an interested party that filed an alle-
gation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an inves-tigation under paragraph (1) of that sub-section with respect to such covered mer-chandise; 
‘‘(ii) a person alleged to have entered such 
covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
exporter of such covered merchandise; or 
‘‘(iv) the government of a country from 
which such covered merchandise was ex-ported; and 
‘‘(B) conducting verifications, including 
on-site verifications, of any relevant infor-
mation. 
‘‘(3) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .—If the Commis-
sioner finds that a party or person described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) has failed to cooperate by not acting to the best of the party or person’s ability to com-ply with a request for information, the Com-missioner may, in making a determination under paragraph (1), use an inference that is adverse to the interests of that party or per-son in selecting from among the facts other-wise available to make the determination. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 busi-
ness days after making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner— 
‘‘(A) shall provide to each interested party 
that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initi-ation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such cov-ered merchandise a notification of the deter-mination and may, in addition, include an explanation of the basis for the determina-tion; and 
‘‘(B) may provide to importers, in such 
manner as the Commissioner determines ap-propriate, information discovered in the in-vestigation that the Commissioner deter-mines will help educate importers with re-spect to importing merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States in ac-cordance with all applicable laws and regula-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2881 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(d) E FFECT OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner 
makes a determination under subsection (c) that covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A)(i) suspend the liquidation of unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that enter on or after the date of the initi-ation of the investigation under subsection (b) with respect to such covered merchandise and on or before the date of the determina-tion; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already sus-
pended the liquidation of such entries pursu-ant to subsection (e)(1), continue to suspend the liquidation of such entries; 
‘‘(B) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 504(b)— 
‘‘(i) extend the period for liquidating unliq-
uidated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that entered before the date of the initiation of the investigation; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already ex-
tended the period for liquidating such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to ex-tend the period for liquidating such entries; 
‘‘(C) notify the administering authority of 
the determination and request that the ad-ministering authority— 
‘‘(i) identify the applicable antidumping or 
countervailing duty assessment rates for en-tries described in subparagraphs (A) and (B); or 
‘‘(ii) if no such assessment rate for such an 
entry is available at the time, identify the applicable cash deposit rate to be applied to the entry, with the applicable antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate to be provided as soon as that rate becomes avail-able; 
‘‘(D) require the posting of cash deposits 
and assess duties on entries described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) in accordance with the instructions received from the admin-istering authority under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(E) take such additional enforcement 
measures as the Commissioner determines appropriate, such as— 
‘‘(i) initiating proceedings under section 
592 or 596; 
‘‘(ii) implementing, in consultation with 
the relevant Federal agencies, rule sets or modifications to rules sets for identifying, particularly through the Automated Tar-geting System and the Automated Commer-cial Environment authorized under section 13031(f) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)), 
importers, other parties, and merchandise that may be associated with evasion; 
‘‘(iii) requiring, with respect to merchan-
dise for which the importer has repeatedly provided incomplete or erroneous entry sum-mary information in connection with deter-minations of evasion, the importer to deposit estimated duties at the time of entry; and 
‘‘(iv) referring the record in whole or in 
part to U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement for civil or criminal investigation. 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION OF ADMINISTERING AU -
THORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a notifi-
cation from the Commissioner under para-graph (1)(C), the administering authority shall promptly provide to the Commissioner the applicable cash deposit rates and anti-dumping or countervailing duty assessment rates and any necessary liquidation instruc-tions. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CASES IN WHICH THE  
PRODUCER OR EXPORTER IS UNKNOWN .—If the 
Commissioner and the administering author-ity are unable to determine the producer or exporter of the merchandise with respect to which a notification is made under para-graph (1)(C), the administering authority 
shall identify, as the applicable cash deposit rate or antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate, the cash deposit or duty (as the case may be) in the highest amount ap-plicable to any producer or exporter, includ-ing the ‘all-others’ rate of the merchandise subject to an antidumping order or counter-vailing duty order under section 736 or 706, respectively, or a finding issued under the Antidumping Act, 1921, or any administra-tive review conducted under section 751. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM MEASURES .—Not later than 90 
calendar days after initiating an investiga-tion under subsection (b) with respect to cov-ered merchandise, the Commissioner shall decide based on the investigation if there is a reasonable suspicion that such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through eva-sion and, if the Commissioner decides there is such a reasonable suspicion, the Commis-sioner shall— 
‘‘(1) suspend the liquidation of each unliq-
uidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered on or after the date of the initi-ation of the investigation; 
‘‘(2) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 504(b), extend the pe-riod for liquidating each unliquidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered be-fore the date of the initiation of the inves-tigation; and 
‘‘(3) pursuant to the Commissioner’s au-
thority under section 623, take such addi-tional measures as the Commissioner deter-mines necessary to protect the revenue of the United States, including requiring a sin-gle transaction bond or additional security or the posting of a cash deposit with respect to such covered merchandise. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 busi-
ness days after the Commissioner makes a determination under subsection (c) with re-spect to whether covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person de-termined to have entered such covered mer-chandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under para-graph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under para-graph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may file an appeal with the Commissioner for de novo review of the determination. 
‘‘(2) T
IMELINE FOR REVIEW .—Not later than 
60 business days after an appeal of a deter-mination is filed under paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall complete the review of the determination. 
‘‘(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 busi-
ness days after the Commissioner completes a review under subsection (f) of a determina-tion under subsection (c) with respect to whether covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may commence a civil action in the United States Court of International Trade by filing concurrently a summons and complaint contesting any factual findings or legal conclusions upon which the determina-tion is based. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In a civil ac-
tion under this subsection, the court shall hold unlawful any determination, finding, or conclusion found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITHRESPECT  
TOOTHER CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS .—No determination 
under subsection (c) or action taken by the Commissioner pursuant to this section shall be construed to limit the authority to carry out, or the scope of, any other proceeding or investigation pursuant to any other provi-sion of Federal or State law, including sec-tions 592 and 596.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1581(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 517’’ after ‘‘516A’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
(e) A
PPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO .— 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SEC. 403. ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION AND 
INVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER-VAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 
of each calendar year that begins on or after the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the ef-forts being taken to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) for the calendar year preceding the sub-
mission of the report— 
(A) a summary of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(B) the number of allegations of evasion re-
ceived under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act, and the number of such allega-tions resulting in investigations by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(C) a summary of investigations initiated 
under subsection (b) of such section 517, in-cluding— 
(i) the number and nature of the investiga-
tions initiated, conducted, and completed; and 
(ii) the resolution of each completed inves-
tigation; 
(D) the number of investigations initiated 
under that subsection not completed during the time provided for making determina-tions under subsection (c) of such section 517 and an explanation for why the investiga-tions could not be completed on time; 
(E) the amount of additional duties that 
were determined to be owed as a result of such investigations, the amount of such du-ties that were collected, and, for any such duties not collected, a description of the rea-sons those duties were not collected; 
(F) with respect to each such investigation 
that led to the imposition of a penalty, the amount of the penalty; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2882 May 13, 2015 
(G) an identification of the countries of or-
igin of covered merchandise determined 
under subsection (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(H) the amount of antidumping and coun-
tervailing duties collected as a result of any investigations or other actions by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection or any other agency; 
(I) a description of the allocation of per-
sonnel and other resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prevent and in-vestigate evasion, including any assessments conducted regarding the allocation of such personnel and resources; and 
(J) a description of training conducted to 
increase expertise and effectiveness in the prevention and investigation of evasion; and 
(2) a description of processes and proce-
dures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion, includ-ing— 
(A) the specific guidelines, policies, and 
practices used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure that allegations of eva-sion are promptly evaluated and acted upon in a timely manner; 
(B) an evaluation of the efficacy of those 
guidelines, policies, and practices; 
(C) an identification of any changes since 
the last report required by this section, if any, that have materially improved or re-duced the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and inves-tigating evasion; 
(D) a description of the development and 
implementation of policies for the applica-tion of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to suffi-ciently protect the collection of anti-dumping and countervailing duties commen-surate with the level of risk of not collecting those duties; 
(E) a description of the processes and pro-
cedures for increased cooperation and infor-mation sharing with the Department of Com-merce, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and any other relevant Federal agencies to prevent and investigate evasion; and 
(F) an identification of any recommended 
policy changes for other Federal agencies or legislative changes to improve the effective-ness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and investigating evasion. 
(c) P
UBLIC SUMMARY .—The Commissioner 
shall make available to the public a sum-mary of the report required by subsection (a) that includes, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the type of merchandise 
with respect to which investigations were initiated under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act; 
(2) the amount of additional duties deter-
mined to be owed as a result of such inves-tigations and the amount of such duties that were collected; 
(3) an identification of the countries of ori-
gin of covered merchandise determined under subsection (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; and 
(4) a description of the types of measures 
used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered merchandise’’ and ‘‘evasion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 517(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 402 of this Act. TITLE V—AMENDMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 501. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and by moving such sub-paragraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE IN-
FERENCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— 
‘‘(A) may use’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise avail-able; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make 
any adjustments to, a countervailable sub-sidy rate or weighted average dumping mar-gin based on any assumptions about informa-tion the interested party would have pro-vided if the interested party had complied with the request for information. 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION  
FOR ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse infer-
ence under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF  
SECONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative au-
thority and the Commission shall not be re-
quired to corroborate any dumping margin or countervailing duty applied in a separate segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS  
INADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts other-wise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty 
proceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate ap-
plied for the same or similar program in a countervailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar pro-
gram, use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the administering authority considers rea-sonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty 
proceeding, use any dumping margin from any segment of the proceeding under the ap-plicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .— 
In carrying out paragraph (1), the admin-istering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, in-cluding the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an ad-verse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. 
‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the 
administering authority uses an adverse in-ference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in select-ing among the facts otherwise available, the 
administering authority is not required, for purposes of subsection (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to cooperate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the 
countervailable subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the administering authority reflects an alleged commercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 502. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Com-
mission shall not determine that there is no material injury or threat of material injury to an industry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or be-cause the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY .—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, productivity, return on investments, return on assets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ 
and inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 503. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper compari-son with the export price or constructed ex-port price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE .—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE .— 
Section 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) By striking the flush text at the end 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a par-
ticular market situation exists such that the cost of materials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another calculation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be determined without regard to any internal tax in the ex-porting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or re-funded upon exportation of the subject mer-chandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 504. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES .— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2883 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of production of the product if the administering authority disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to para-graph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a review conducted under section 751, the ad-ministering authority shall request informa-tion necessary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under sub-sections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or 
suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that represent less than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P
RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN  
PRICE OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the fac-
tors of production under paragraph (1) for the subject merchandise, the administering authority may disregard price or cost values without further investigation if the admin-istering authority has determined that broadly available export subsidies existed or particular instances of subsidization oc-curred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 505. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual ex-amination of such exporters or producers would be unduly burdensome to the admin-istering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the investigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering author-ity may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or infor-
mation presented in the proceeding, includ-ing questionnaires and any responses there-to. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar proceeding. 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations 
under subtitle A or B and reviews under sec-tion 751 being conducted by the admin-istering authority as of the date of the deter-mination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the 
timely completion of each such investigation and review as the administering authority 
considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 506. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL TRADE ENFORCE-
MENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Trade Enforcement 
SEC. 601. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2420) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 310. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES , CON-
SULTATIONS , ANDREPORT .— 
‘‘(1) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES CON -
SULTATIONS .—Not later than May 31 of each 
calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the United States Trade Representative (in this section referred to as the ‘Trade Representative’) shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the prioritization of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain barriers to United States goods, services, or investment. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
PRIORITIES .—In identifying acts, policies, or 
practices of foreign governments as trade en-forcement priorities under this subsection, the United States Trade Representative shall focus on those acts, policies, and practices the elimination of which is likely to have the most significant potential to increase United States economic growth, and take into account all relevant factors, including— 
‘‘(A) the economic significance of any po-
tential inconsistency between an obligation assumed by a foreign government pursuant to a trade agreement to which both the for-eign government and the United States are parties and the acts, policies, or practices of that government; 
‘‘(B) the impact of the acts, policies, or 
practices of a foreign government on main-taining and creating United States jobs and productive capacity; 
‘‘(C) the major barriers and trade dis-
torting practices described in the most re-cent National Trade Estimate required under section 181(b); 
‘‘(D) the major barriers and trade dis-
torting practices described in other relevant reports addressing international trade and investment barriers prepared by a Federal agency or congressional commission during the 12 months preceding the date of the most recent report under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(E) a foreign government’s compliance 
with its obligations under any trade agree-ments to which both the foreign government and the United States are parties; 
‘‘(F) the implications of a foreign govern-
ment’s procurement plans and policies; and 
‘‘(G) the international competitive posi-
tion and export potential of United States products and services. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT ON TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIOR -
ITIES AND ACTIONS TAKEN TO ADDRESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 31 of 
each calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Trade Representative shall report to the 
Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives on acts, policies, or prac-tices of foreign governments identified as trade enforcement priorities based on the consultations under paragraph (1) and the criteria set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—The 
Trade Representative shall include, when re-porting under subparagraph (A) in any cal-endar year after the calendar year that be-gins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a description of actions taken to address any acts, policies, or practices of for-eign governments identified as trade enforce-ment priorities under this subsection in the calendar year preceding that report and, as relevant, any year before that calendar year. 
‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL ENFORCEMENT CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At the same time as the 
reporting under subsection (a)(3), and not later than January 31 of each following year, the Trade Representative shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the identification, prioritization, investigation, and resolution of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments of concern with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or that otherwise create or maintain trade barriers. 
‘‘(2) A
CTS, POLICIES , OR PRACTICES OF CON -
CERN .—The semiannual enforcement con-
sultations required by paragraph (1) shall ad-dress acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or other-wise create or maintain trade barriers, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) engagement with relevant trading 
partners; 
‘‘(B) strategies for addressing such con-
cerns; 
‘‘(C) availability and deployment of re-
sources to be used in the investigation or resolution of such concerns; 
‘‘(D) the merits of any potential dispute 
resolution proceeding under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party relating to such concerns; and 
‘‘(E) any other aspects of such concerns. ‘‘(3) A
CTIVE INVESTIGATIONS .—The semi-
annual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address acts, policies, or practices that the Trade Representative is actively investigating with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, including— 
‘‘(A) strategies for addressing concerns 
raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(B) any relevant timeline with respect to 
investigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices; 
‘‘(C) the merits of any potential dispute 
resolution proceeding under the WTO Agree-ments or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with re-spect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(D) barriers to the advancement of the in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices; and 
‘‘(E) any other matters relating to the in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or prac-tices. 
‘‘(4) O
NGOING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .—The 
semiannual enforcement consultations re-quired by paragraph (1) shall address all on-going enforcement actions taken by or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2884 May 13, 2015 
against the United States with respect to ob-
ligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, including— 
‘‘(A) any relevant timeline with respect to 
such actions; 
‘‘(B) the merits of such actions; ‘‘(C) any prospective implementation ac-
tions; 
‘‘(D) potential implications for any law or 
regulation of the United States; 
‘‘(E) potential implications for United 
States stakeholders, domestic competitors, and exporters; and 
‘‘(F) other issues relating to such actions. ‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT RESOURCES .—The semi-
annual enforcement consultations required 
by paragraph (1) shall address the avail-ability and deployment of enforcement re-sources, resource constraints on monitoring and enforcement activities, and strategies to address those constraints, including the use of available resources of other Federal agen-cies to enhance monitoring and enforcement capabilities. 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTIGATION AND RESOLUTION .—In 
the case of any acts, policies, or practices of a foreign government identified as a trade enforcement priority under subsection (a), the Trade Representative shall, not later than the date of the first semiannual en-forcement consultations held under sub-section (b) after the identification of the pri-ority, take appropriate action to address that priority, including— 
‘‘(1) engagement with the foreign govern-
ment to resolve concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(2) initiation of an investigation under 
section 302(b)(1) with respect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(3) initiation of negotiations for a bilat-
eral agreement that provides for resolution of concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; or 
‘‘(4) initiation of dispute settlement pro-
ceedings under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, policies, or practices. 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT NOTIFICATIONS AND CON-
SULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION OF ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— 
The Trade Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in ad-vance of initiation of any formal trade dis-pute by or against the United States taken in regard to an obligation under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party. With re-spect to a formal trade dispute against the United States, if advance notification and consultation are not possible, the Trade Rep-resentative shall notify and consult at the earliest practicable opportunity after initi-ation of the dispute. 
‘‘(2) C
IRCULATION OF REPORTS .—The Trade 
Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the announced or anticipated circulation of any report of a dispute settlement panel or the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organiza-tion or of a dispute settlement panel under any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to a formal trade dispute by or against the United States. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the 
World Trade Organization. 
‘‘(2) WTO AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). ‘‘(3) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking the item relating to section 310 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 310. Trade enforcement priorities.’’. 
SEC. 602. EXERCISE OF WTO AUTHORIZATION TO 
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS UNDER TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) E XERCISE OF WTO A UTHORIZATION TO  
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA -
TIONS .—If— 
‘‘(1) action has terminated pursuant to sec-
tion 307(c), 
‘‘(2) the petitioner or any representative of 
the domestic industry that would benefit from reinstatement of action has submitted to the Trade Representative a written re-quest for reinstatement of action, and 
‘‘(3) the Trade Representative has com-
pleted the requirements of subsection (d) and section 307(c)(3), 
the Trade Representative may at any time 
determine to take action under section 301(c) to exercise an authorization to suspend con-cessions or other obligations under Article 22 of the Understanding on Rules and Proce-dures Governing the Settlement of Disputes (referred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16))).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1 
of title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 301(c)(1) (19 U.S.C. 2411(c)(1)), 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or section 306(c)’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; 
(2) in section 306(b) (19 U.S.C. 2416(b)), in 
the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
UR-
THER ACTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTION ON THE  
BASIS OF MONITORING ’’; 
(3) in section 306(d) (19 U.S.C. 2416(d)), as 
redesignated by subsection (a)(1), by insert-ing ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and 
(4) in section 307(c)(3) (19 U.S.C. 2417(c)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘or if a request is submitted to the Trade Representative under 306(c)(2) to reinstate action,’’ after ‘‘under section 301,’’. 
SEC. 603. TRADE MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 205. TRADE MONITORING. 
‘‘(a) M ONITORING TOOL FOR IMPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the United States International Trade Commission shall make available on a website of the Commission an import moni-toring tool to allow the public access to data on the volume and value of goods imported into the United States for the purpose of as-sessing whether such data has changed with respect to such goods over a period of time. 
‘‘(2) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—For purposes of the 
monitoring tool under paragraph (1), the Commission shall use data compiled by the Department of Commerce and such other government data as the Commission con-siders appropriate. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIODS OF TIME .—The Commission 
shall ensure that data accessed through the monitoring tool under paragraph (1) includes data for the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quar-ters as the Commission considers prac-ticable. ‘‘(b) M
ONITORING REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and not less frequently than quarterly thereafter, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish on a website of the Department of Commerce, and notify the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives of the availability of, a monitoring re-port on changes in the volume and value of 
trade with respect to imports and exports of goods categorized based on the 6-digit sub-heading number of the goods under the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States during the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quar-ters as the Secretary considers practicable. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR COMMENT .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary of Com-merce shall solicit through the Federal Reg-ister public comment on the monitoring re-ports described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
section terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 204 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 205. Trade monitoring.’’. 
SEC. 604. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERAGENCY 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title I of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 142. INTERAGENCY TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CENTER .—There is 
established in the Office of the United States Trade Representative an Interagency Trade Enforcement Center (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). 
‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS OF CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the primary forum within the 
Federal Government for the Office of the United States Trade Representative and other agencies to coordinate the enforce-ment of United States trade rights under international trade agreements and the en-forcement of United States trade remedy laws; 
‘‘(B) coordinate among the Office of the 
United States Trade Representative and other agencies with responsibilities relating to trade the exchange of information related to potential violations of international trade agreements by foreign trading partners of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) conduct outreach to United States 
workers, businesses, and other interested persons to foster greater participation in the identification and reduction or elimination of foreign trade barriers and unfair foreign trade practices. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION OF TRADE ENFORCE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall coordi-
nate matters relating to the enforcement of United States trade rights under inter-national trade agreements and the enforce-ment of United States trade remedy laws among the Office of the United States Trade Representative and the following agencies: 
‘‘(i) The Department of State. ‘‘(ii) The Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(iii) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(iv) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(v) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(vi) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
‘‘(vii) Such other agencies as the Presi-
dent, or the United States Trade Representa-tive, may designate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2885 May 13, 2015 
‘‘(B) C ONSULTATIONS ON INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS .—In matters relating to 
the enforcement of United States trade rights involving intellectual property rights, the Center shall consult with the Intellec-tual Property Enforcement Coordinator ap-pointed pursuant to section 301 of the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (15 U.S.C. 8111). 
‘‘(c) P
ERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—The head of the Center 
shall be the Director, who shall— 
‘‘(A) be appointed by the United States 
Trade Representative from among full-time senior-level officials of the Office of the United States Trade Representative; and 
‘‘(B) report to the Trade Representative. ‘‘(2) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in 
the Center a Deputy Director, who shall— 
‘‘(A) be appointed by the Secretary of Com-
merce from among full-time senior-level offi-cials of the Department of Commerce and de-tailed to the Center; and 
‘‘(B) report directly to the Director. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL EMPLOYEES .—The agencies 
specified in subsection (b)(2)(A) may, in con-sultation with the Director, detail or assign their employees to the Center without reim-bursement to support the functions of the Center. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Funding and admin-
istrative support for the Center shall be pro-vided by the Office of the United States Trade Representative. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than annu-ally thereafter, the Director shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the ac-tions taken by the Center in the preceding year with respect to the enforcement of United States trade rights under inter-national trade agreements and the enforce-ment of United States trade remedy laws. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) U NITED STATES TRADE REMEDY LAWS .— 
The term ‘United States trade remedy laws’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) Chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) Chapter 1 of title III of that Act (19 
U.S.C. 2411 et seq.). 
‘‘(C) Sections 406 and 421 of that Act (19 
U.S.C. 2436 and 2451). 
‘‘(D) Sections 332 and 337 of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332 and 1337). 
‘‘(E) Investigations initiated by the admin-
istering authority (as defined in section 771 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1677)) under title VII of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
‘‘(F) Section 281 of the Uruguay Round 
Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3571). 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES TRADE RIGHTS .—The 
term ‘United States trade rights’ means any right, benefit, or advantage to which the United States is entitled under an inter-national trade agreement and that could be effectuated through the use of a dispute set-tlement proceeding.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 141 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 142. Interagency Trade Enforcement 
Center.’’. 
SEC. 605. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF MANUFAC-
TURING NEGOTIATOR. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POSITION .—Section 
141(b)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) There shall be in the Office 3 Deputy 
United States Trade Representatives, one Chief Agricultural Negotiator, and one Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, who shall all be appointed by the President, by and with the 
advice and consent of the Senate. As an exer-cise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, any nomination of a Deputy United States Trade Representative, the Chief Agricultural Negotiator, or the Chief Manufacturing Ne-gotiator submitted to the Senate for its ad-vice and consent, and referred to a com-mittee, shall be referred to the Committee on Finance. Each Deputy United States Trade Representative, the Chief Agricultural Negotiator, and the Chief Manufacturing Ne-gotiator shall hold office at the pleasure of the President and shall have the rank of Am-bassador.’’. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS OF POSITION .—Section 141(c) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(c)) is amended— 
(1) by moving paragraph (5) 2 ems to the 
left; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6)(A) The principal function of the Chief 
Manufacturing Negotiator shall be to con-duct trade negotiations and to enforce trade agreements relating to United States manu-facturing products and services. The Chief Manufacturing Negotiator shall be a vig-orous advocate on behalf of United States manufacturing interests and shall perform such other functions as the United States Trade Representative may direct. 
‘‘(B) Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and an-nually thereafter, the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the actions taken by the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator in the pre-ceding year.’’. 
(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 5314 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator.’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of 
the United States Trade Representative. 
‘‘Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, Office of 
the United States Trade Representative.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 
141(e) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘5314’’ and 
inserting ‘‘5315’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the max-
imum rate of pay for grade GS–18, as pro-vided in section 5332’’ and inserting ‘‘the maximum rate of pay for level IV of the Ex-ecutive Schedule in section 5315’’. 
SEC. 606. ENFORCEMENT UNDER TITLE III OF 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN ACTS, POLICIES, AND PRACTICES RELATING TO THE ENVIRONMENT. 
Section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2411(d)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (iii)(V), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) constitutes a persistent pattern of 
conduct by the government of the foreign country under which that government— 
‘‘(I) fails to effectively enforce the environ-
mental laws of the foreign country, 
‘‘(II) waives or otherwise derogates from 
the environmental laws of the foreign coun-try or weakens the protections afforded by such laws, 
‘‘(III) fails to provide for judicial or admin-
istrative proceedings giving access to rem-edies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign country, 
‘‘(IV) fails to provide appropriate and effec-
tive sanctions or remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign coun-try, or ‘‘(V) fails to effectively enforce environ-
mental commitments under agreements to which the foreign country and the United States are a party.’’. 
SEC. 607. TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), consisting of amounts trans-ferred to the Trust Fund under subsection (b) and any amounts that may be credited to the Trust Fund under subsection (c). 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall transfer to the Trust Fund, from the general fund of the Treasury, for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, an amount equal to $15,000,000 (or a lesser amount as re-quired pursuant to paragraph (2)) of the anti-dumping duties and countervailing duties re-ceived in the Treasury for such fiscal year. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount in the 
Trust Fund at any time may not exceed $30,000,000. 
(3) F
REQUENCY OF TRANSFERS ; ADJUST -
MENTS .— 
(A) F REQUENCY OF TRANSFERS .—The Sec-
retary shall transfer amounts required to be transferred to the Trust Fund under para-graph (1) not less frequently than quarterly from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund on the basis of estimates made by the Secretary. 
(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
make proper adjustments in amounts subse-quently transferred to the Trust Fund to the extent prior estimates were in excess of or less than the amounts required to be trans-ferred to the Trust Fund. 
(c) I
NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guar-anteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
(2) I
NTEREST AND PROCEEDS .—The interest 
on, and the proceeds from the sale or re-demption of, any obligations held in Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS FROM TRUST  
FUND.— 
(1) E NFORCEMENT .—The United States 
Trade Representative may use the amounts in the Trust fund to carry out any of the fol-lowing: 
(A) To seek to enforce the provisions of 
and commitments and obligations under the WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party and re-solve any actions by foreign countries that are inconsistent with those provisions, com-mitments, and obligations. 
(B) To monitor the implementation by for-
eign countries of the provisions of and com-mitments and obligations under free trade agreements to which the United States is a party for purposes of systematically assess-ing, identifying, investigating, or initiating steps to address inconsistencies with those provisions, commitments, and obligations. 
(C) To thoroughly investigate and respond 
to petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2412) requesting that action be taken under section 301 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2411). 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSISTANCE AND CAPAC -
ITY BUILDING .—The United States Trade Rep-
resentative, the Secretary of State, the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, the Secretary of Labor, and such heads of other Federal agen-cies as the President considers appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2886 May 13, 2015 
may use the amounts in the Trust Fund to 
carry out any of the following: 
(A) To ensure capacity-building efforts un-
dertaken by the United States pursuant to any free trade agreement to which the United States is a party prioritize and give special attention to the timely, consistent, and robust implementation of the intellec-tual property, labor, and environmental commitments and obligations of any party to that free trade agreement. 
(B) To ensure capacity-building efforts un-
dertaken by the United States pursuant to any such free trade agreement are self-sus-taining and promote local ownership. 
(C) To ensure capacity-building efforts un-
dertaken by the United States pursuant to any such free trade agreement include per-formance indicators against which the progress and obstacles for the implementa-tion of commitments and obligations de-scribed in subparagraph (A) can be identified and assessed within a meaningful time frame. 
(D) To monitor and evaluate the capacity- 
building efforts of the United States under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C). 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Amounts made available 
in the Trust Fund may not be used for nego-tiations for any free trade agreement to be entered into on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the entry into force of any free trade agreement entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Secretary of Labor, and any other head of a Federal agency who has used amounts in the Trust Fund in connection with that agreement, shall each submit to Congress a report on the actions taken by that official under subsection (d) in connec-tion with that agreement. 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study that includes the following: 
(A) A comprehensive analysis of the trade 
enforcement expenditures of each Federal agency with responsibilities relating to trade that specifies, with respect to each such Fed-eral agency— 
(i) the amounts appropriated for trade en-
forcement; and 
(ii) the number of full-time employees car-
rying out activities relating to trade en-forcement. 
(B) Recommendations on the additional 
employees and resources that each such Fed-eral agency may need to effectively enforce the free trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A NTIDUMPING DUTY .—The term ‘‘anti-
dumping duty’’ means an antidumping duty imposed under section 731 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673). 
(2) C
OUNTERVAILING DUTY .—The term 
‘‘countervailing duty’’ means a counter-vailing duty imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
(3) WTO.—The term ‘‘WTO’’ means the 
World Trade Organization. 
(4) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreement’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
(5) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreements’’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement. SEC. 608. HONEY TRANSSHIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
direct appropriate personnel and resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ad-dress concerns that honey is being imported into the United States in violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(b) C
OUNTRY OF ORIGIN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
compile a database of the individual charac-teristics of honey produced in foreign coun-tries to facilitate the verification of country of origin markings of imported honey. 
(2) E
NGAGEMENT WITH FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS .—The Commissioner shall seek to en-
gage the customs agencies of foreign govern-ments for assistance in compiling the data-base described in paragraph (1). 
(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH INDUSTRY .—In com-
piling the database described in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with en-tities in the honey industry regarding the development of industry standards for honey identification. 
(4) C
ONSULTATION WITH FOOD AND DRUG AD -
MINISTRATION .—In compiling the database de-
scribed in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Con-gress a report that— 
(1) describes and assesses the limitations in 
the existing analysis capabilities of labora-tories with respect to determining the coun-try of origin of honey samples or the per-centage of honey contained in a sample; and 
(2) includes any recommendations of the 
Commissioner for improving such capabili-ties. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should promptly establish a national standard of identity for honey for the Com-missioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use to ensure that im-ports of honey are— 
(1) classified accurately for purposes of as-
sessing duties; and 
(2) denied entry into the United States if 
such imports pose a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States. 
SEC. 609. INCLUSION OF INTEREST IN CERTAIN 
DISTRIBUTIONS OF ANTIDUMPING DUTIES AND COUNTERVAILING DU-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall deposit all interest de-scribed in subsection (c) into the special ac-count established under section 754(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c(e)) (re-pealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)) for inclusion in distributions de-scribed in subsection (b) made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DESCRIBED .—Distribu-
tions described in this subsection are dis-tributions of antidumping duties and coun-tervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000, that are made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Re-duction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)), with respect to entries of mer-chandise— 
(1) made on or before September 30, 2007; 
and 
(2) that were, in accordance with section 
822 of the Claims Resolution Act of 2010 (19 U.S.C. 1675c note), unliquidated, not in liti-gation, and not under an order of liquidation from the Department of Commerce on De-cember 8, 2010. 
(c) I
NTEREST DESCRIBED .— 
(1) I NTEREST REALIZED .—Interest described 
in this subsection is interest earned on anti-dumping duties or countervailing duties dis-
tributed as described in subsection (b) that is realized through application of a payment received on or after October 1, 2014, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under, or in connection with— 
(A) a customs bond pursuant to a court 
order or judgment entered as a result of a civil action filed by the Federal Government against the surety from which the payment was obtained for the purpose of collecting duties or interest owed with respect to an entry; or 
(B) a settlement for any such bond if the 
settlement was executed after the Federal Government filed a civil action described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) T
YPES OF INTEREST .—Interest described 
in paragraph (1) includes the following: 
(A) Interest accrued under section 778 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677g). 
(B) Interest accrued under section 505(d) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1505(d)). 
(C) Equitable interest under common law 
or interest under section 963 of the Revised Statutes (19 U.S.C. 580) awarded by a court against a surety under its bond for late pay-ment of antidumping duties, countervailing duties, or interest described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A NTIDUMPING DUTIES .—The term ‘‘anti-
dumping duties’’ means antidumping duties imposed under section 731 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673) or under the Anti-dumping Act, 1921 (title II of the Act of May 27, 1921; 42 Stat. 11, chapter 14). 
(2) C
OUNTERVAILING DUTIES .—The term 
‘‘countervailing duties’’ means counter-vailing duties imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
SEC. 610. ILLICITLY IMPORTED, EXPORTED, OR 
TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY, ARCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNO-LOGICAL MATERIALS, AND FISH, WILDLIFE, AND PLANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner and 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement shall ensure that appro-priate personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, as the case may be, are trained in the detection, identification, de-tention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological ma-terials, and fish, wildlife, and plants, the im-portation, exportation, or trafficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
(b) T
RAINING .—The Commissioner and the 
Director are authorized to accept training and other support services from experts out-side of the Federal Government with respect 
to the detection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, or fish, wildlife, and plants described in sub-section (a). 
Subtitle B—Intellectual Property Rights 
Protection 
SEC. 611. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INNOVA-
TION AND INTELLECTUAL PROP-ERTY NEGOTIATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), as amended by sec-
tion 605(a) of this Act— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and one Chief Manufac-
turing Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘one Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, and one Chief In-novation and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or the Chief Manufac-
turing Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Manufacturing Negotiator, or the Chief Inno-vation and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘and the Chief Manufac-
turing Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2887 May 13, 2015 
Manufacturing Negotiator, and the Chief In-
novation and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), as amended by section 
605(b) of this Act, by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) The principal functions of the Chief In-
novation and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator shall be to conduct trade negotiations and to enforce trade agreements relating to United States intellectual property and to take appropriate actions to address acts, policies, and practices of foreign govern-ments that have a significant adverse impact on the value of United States innovation. The Chief Innovation and Intellectual Prop-erty Negotiator shall be a vigorous advocate on behalf of United States innovation and in-tellectual property interests. The Chief Inno-vation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall perform such other functions as the United States Trade Representative may di-rect.’’. 
(b) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 5314 of title 5, 
United States Code, as amended by section 605(c) of this Act, is further amended by in-serting after ‘‘Chief Manufacturing Nego-tiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative.’’ the following: 
‘‘Chief Innovation and Intellectual Prop-
erty Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the appointment of the first Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Nego-tiator pursuant to paragraph (2) of section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by subsection (a), and annually thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port describing in detail— 
(1) enforcement actions taken by the Trade 
Representative during the year preceding the submission of the report to ensure the pro-tection of United States innovation and in-tellectual property interests; and 
(2) other actions taken by the Trade Rep-
resentative to advance United States innova-tion and intellectual property interests. 
SEC. 612. MEASURES RELATING TO COUNTRIES 
THAT DENY ADEQUATE PROTECTION FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF COUNTRIES THAT DENY 
ADEQUATE PROTECTION OF TRADE SECRETS .— 
Section 182(d)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242(d)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, trade secrets,’’ after ‘‘copyrights’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES ON THE  
PRIORITY WATCH LIST OF THE UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 182 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN COUN-
TRIES ON THE PRIORITY WATCH LIST.— 
‘‘(1) A CTION PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Trade Represent-ative submits the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b), the Trade Representa-tive shall develop an action plan described in subparagraph (C) with respect to each for-eign country described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) F
OREIGN COUNTRY DESCRIBED .—The 
Trade Representative shall develop an action plan pursuant to subparagraph (A) with re-spect to each foreign country that— 
‘‘(i) the Trade Representative has identi-
fied for placement on the priority watch list; and 
‘‘(ii) has remained on such list for at least 
1 year. 
‘‘(C) A
CTION PLAN DESCRIBED .—An action 
plan developed pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall contain the benchmarks described in 
subparagraph (D) and be designed to assist the foreign country— 
‘‘(i) to achieve— ‘‘(I) adequate and effective protection of 
intellectual property rights; and 
‘‘(II) fair and equitable market access for 
United States persons that rely upon intel-lectual property protection; or 
‘‘(ii) to make significant progress toward 
achieving the goals described in clause (i). 
‘‘(D) B
ENCHMARKS DESCRIBED .—The bench-
marks contained in an action plan developed pursuant to subparagraph (A) are such legis-lative, institutional, enforcement, or other actions as the Trade Representative deter-mines to be necessary for the foreign coun-try to achieve the goals described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO MEET ACTION PLAN BENCH -
MARKS .—If, 1 year after the date on which an 
action plan is developed under paragraph (1)(A), the President, in consultation with the Trade Representative, determines that the foreign country to which the action plan applies has not substantially complied with the benchmarks described in paragraph (1)(D), the President may take appropriate action with respect to the foreign country. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY WATCH LIST DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘priority watch list’ means the priority watch list established by the Trade Representative. 
‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which the Trade Rep-resentative submits the National Trade Esti-mate under section 181(b), the Trade Rep-resentative shall transmit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on actions taken under this section during the 12 months pre-
ceding such report, and the reasons for such actions, including— 
‘‘(1) any foreign countries identified under 
subsection (a); 
‘‘(2) a description of progress made in 
achieving improved intellectual property protection and market access for persons re-lying on intellectual property rights; and 
‘‘(3) a description of the action plans devel-
oped under subsection (g) and any actions taken by foreign countries under such plans.’’. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Office of the United States Trade Representative such sums as may be necessary to provide assistance to any developing country to which an action plan applies under section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), to facilitate the efforts of the developing coun-try to comply with the benchmarks con-tained in the action plan. Such assistance may include capacity building, activities de-signed to increase awareness of intellectual property rights, and training for officials re-sponsible for enforcing intellectual property rights in the developing country. 
(B) D
EVELOPING COUNTRY DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘‘developing country’’ means a country classified by the World Bank as having a low-income or lower-mid-dle-income economy. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed as limiting the authority of the President or the United States Trade Representative to develop ac-tion plans other than action plans described in section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), or to take any ac-tion otherwise authorized by law in response to the failure of a foreign country to provide adequate and effective protection and en-forcement of intellectual property rights. TITLE VII—CURRENCY MANIPULATION 
Subtitle A—Investigation of Currency 
Undervaluation 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cur-
rency Undervaluation Investigation Act’’. 
SEC. 702. INVESTIGATION OR REVIEW OF CUR-
RENCY UNDERVALUATION UNDER COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAW. 
Subsection (c) of section 702 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671a(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) C
URRENCY UNDERVALUATION .—For pur-
poses of a countervailing duty investigation under this subtitle in which the determina-tions under clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) are affirmative, or a review under sub-title C with respect to a countervailing duty order, the administering authority shall ini-tiate an investigation to determine whether currency undervaluation by the government of a country or any public entity within the territory of a country is providing, directly or indirectly, a countervailable subsidy, if— 
‘‘(A) a petition filed by an interested party 
(described in subparagraph (C), (D), (E), (F), or (G) of section 771(9)) alleges the elements necessary for the imposition of the duty im-posed by section 701(a); and 
‘‘(B) the petition is accompanied by infor-
mation reasonably available to the peti-tioner supporting those allegations.’’. 
SEC. 703. BENEFIT CALCULATION METHODOLOGY 
WITH RESPECT TO CURRENCY UNDERVALUATION. 
Section 771 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(37) C
URRENCY UNDERVALUATION BEN -
EFIT.— 
‘‘(A) C URRENCY UNDERVALUATION BENEFIT .— 
For purposes of a countervailing duty inves-tigation under subtitle A, or a review under subtitle C with respect to a countervailing duty order, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority determines to investigate whether currency undervaluation provides a countervailable subsidy, the administering authority shall determine whether there is a benefit to the recipient of that subsidy and measure such benefit by comparing the sim-ple average of the real exchange rates de-rived from application of the macro-economic-balance approach and the equi-librium-real-exchange-rate approach to the official daily exchange rate identified by the 
administering authority. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELIANCE ON DATA .—In making the de-
termination under clause (i), the admin-istering authority shall rely upon data that are publicly available, reliable, and compiled and maintained by the International Mone-tary Fund or the World Bank, or other inter-national organizations or national govern-ments if data from the International Mone-tary Fund or World Bank are not available. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) M ACROECONOMIC -BALANCE APPROACH .— 
The term ‘macroeconomic-balance approach’ means a methodology under which the level of undervaluation of the real effective ex-change rate of the currency of the exporting country is defined as the change in the real effective exchange rate needed to achieve equilibrium in the balance of payments of the exporting country, as such methodology is described in the guidelines of the Inter-national Monetary Fund’s Consultative Group on Exchange Rate Issues, if available. 
‘‘(ii) E
QUILIBRIUM -REAL -EXCHANGE -RATE AP -
PROACH .—The term ‘equilibrium-real-ex-
change-rate approach’ means a methodology under which the level of undervaluation of the real effective exchange rate of the cur-rency of the exporting country is defined as the difference between the observed real ef-fective exchange rate and the real effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2888 May 13, 2015 
exchange rate, as such methodology is de-
scribed in the guidelines of the International Monetary Fund’s Consultative Group on Ex-change Rate Issues, if available. 
‘‘(iii) R
EAL EXCHANGE RATES .—The term 
‘real exchange rates’ means the bilateral ex-change rates derived from converting the trade-weighted multilateral exchange rates yielded by the macroeconomic-balance ap-proach and the equilibrium-real-exchange- rate approach into real bilateral terms.’’. 
SEC. 704. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF 
SPECIFICITY WITH RESPECT TO EX-PORT SUBSIDY. 
Section 771(5A)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677(5A)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The fact that a subsidy may also be provided in circumstances that do not involve export shall not, for that reason alone, mean that the subsidy cannot be considered contingent upon export performance.’’. 
SEC. 705. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this subtitle shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
SEC. 706. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this subtitle 
apply to countervailing duty investigations initiated under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and reviews initiated under subtitle C of title VII of such Act (19 U.S.C. 1675 et seq.)— 
(1) before the date of the enactment of this 
Act, if the investigation or review is pending a final determination as of such date of en-actment; and 
(2) on or after such date of enactment. 
Subtitle B—Engagement on Currency 
Exchange Rate and Economic Policies 
SEC. 711. ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M AJOR TRADING PARTNER REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(i) for each country that is a major trading 
partner of the United States— 
(I) that country’s bilateral trade balance 
with the United States; 
(II) that country’s current account balance 
as a percentage of its gross domestic prod-uct; 
(III) the change in that country’s current 
account balance as a percentage of its gross domestic product during the 3-year period preceding the submission of the report; 
(IV) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its short-term debt; and 
(V) that country’s foreign exchange re-
serves as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
(ii) an enhanced analysis of macro-
economic and exchange rate policies for each country— 
(I) that is a major trading partner of the 
United States; 
(II) the currency of which is persistently 
and substantially undervalued; 
(III) that has— (aa) a significant bilateral trade surplus 
with the United States; and 
(bb) a material global current account sur-
plus; and 
(IV) that has engaged in persistent one- 
sided intervention in the foreign exchange market. 
(B) E
NHANCED ANALYSIS .—Each enhanced 
analysis under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall in-clude, for each country with respect to which an analysis is made under that subpara-graph— 
(i) a description of developments in the 
currency markets of that country, including, to the greatest extent feasible, developments with respect to currency interventions; 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effec-
tive exchange rate of the currency of that country and in the degree of undervaluation of that currency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital 
controls and trade restrictions of that coun-try; and 
(iv) patterns in the reserve accumulation 
of that country. 
(b) E
NGAGEMENT ON EXCHANGE RATE AND  
ECONOMIC POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the President, through the Secretary, shall commence enhanced bilat-eral engagement with each country for which an enhanced analysis of macro-economic and currency exchange rate poli-cies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a), in order to— 
(A) urge implementation of policies to ad-
dress the causes of the undervaluation of its currency, its bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material global cur-rent account surplus, including undervalu-ation and surpluses relating to exchange rate management; 
(B) express the concern of the United 
States with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those surpluses; 
(C) develop measurable objectives for ad-
dressing that undervaluation and those sur-pluses; and 
(D) advise that country of the ability of 
the President to take action under sub-section (c). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may deter-
mine not to enhance bilateral engagement with a country under paragraph (1) for which an enhanced analysis of macroeconomic and exchange rate policies is included in the re-port submitted under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that describes how the currency and other macroeconomic policies of that country are addressing the undervaluation and surpluses specified in paragraph (1)(A) with respect to that coun-try, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate management. 
(c) R
EMEDIAL ACTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, on the date that is one 
year after the commencement of enhanced bilateral engagement by the President with respect to a country under subsection (b)(1), the country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to that country, the President may take one or more of the following ac-tions: 
(A) Prohibit the Overseas Private Invest-
ment Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsur-ance, or guarantee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
and pursuant to paragraph (3), prohibit the Federal Government from procuring, or en-tering into any contract for the procurement of, goods or services from that country on 
and after such date. 
(C) Instruct the United States Executive 
Director of the International Monetary Fund to use the voice and vote of the United States to call for additional rigorous surveil-lance of the macroeconomic and exchange rate policies of that country and, as appro-priate, formal consultations on findings of currency manipulation. 
(D) Instruct the United States Trade Rep-
resentative to take into account, in con-sultation with the Secretary, in assessing whether to enter into a bilateral or regional trade agreement with that country or to ini-tiate or participate in negotiations with re-spect to a bilateral or regional trade agree-ment with that country, the extent to which that country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The President may not 
apply a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a country that is a party to the Agreement on Government Procurement or a free trade agreement to which the United States is a party. 
(3) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Before applying a prohibition under para-graph (1)(B), the President shall consult with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether such prohi-bition would subject the taxpayers of the United States to unreasonable cost. 
(B) C
ONGRESS .—The President shall consult 
with the appropriate committees of Congress with respect to any action the President takes under paragraph (1)(B), including whether the President has consulted as re-quired under subparagraph (A). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GREEMENT ON GOVERNMENT PROCURE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Agreement on Govern-
ment Procurement’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country, dependent territory, or pos-session of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, dependent territories, or possessions of coun-tries into a customs union outside the United States. 
(4) R
EAL EFFECTIVE EXCHANGE RATE .—The 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in price-adjusted terms. 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 712. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established an 
Advisory Committee on International Ex-change Rate Policy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall be re-
sponsible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the impact of inter-national exchange rates and financial poli-cies on the economy of the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be 
composed of 9 members as follows, none of whom shall be employees of the Federal Gov-ernment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2889 May 13, 2015 
(A) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(B) Three members shall be appointed by 
the Speaker of the House of Representatives upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. 
(C) Three members shall be appointed by 
the President. 
(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall be se-
lected under paragraph (1) on the basis of their objectivity and demonstrated expertise in finance, economics, or currency exchange. 
(3) T
ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Members shall be ap-
pointed for a term of 2 years or until the Committee terminates. 
(B) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A member may be re-
appointed to the Committee for additional terms. 
(4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. 
(c) D
URATION OF COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall ter-
minate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act unless re-newed by the President for a subsequent 2- year period. 
(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The President 
may continue to renew the Committee for successive 2-year periods by taking appro-priate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold 
not less than 2 meetings each calendar year. 
(e) C HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee ter-minates. 
(2) R
EELECTION ; SUBSEQUENT TERMS .—A 
chairperson of the Committee may be re-elected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
(f) S
TAFF .—The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall make available to the Committee such staff, information, personnel, administrative services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the ac-tivities of the Committee. 
(g) A
PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Meetings of the Committee 
shall be exempt from the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) of section 10 and sec-tion 11 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (relating to open meetings, public no-tice, public participation, and public avail-ability of documents), whenever and to the extent it is determined by the President or the Secretary of the Treasury that such meetings will be concerned with matters the disclosure of which— 
(A) would seriously compromise the devel-
opment by the Government of the United States of monetary or financial policy; or 
(B) is likely to— (i) lead to significant financial speculation 
in currencies, securities, or commodities; or 
(ii) significantly endanger the stability of 
any financial institution. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. TITLE VIII—PROCESS FOR CONSIDER-
ATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY SUSPEN-SIONS AND REDUCTIONS 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 802. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED 
FOR A MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As of the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States imposes duties on imported goods for which there is no domestic avail-ability or insufficient domestic availability. 
(2) The imposition of duties on such goods 
creates artificial distortions in the economy of the United States that negatively affect United States manufacturers and consumers. 
(3) It is in the interests of the United 
States to update the Harmonized Tariff Schedule every 3 years to eliminate such ar-tificial distortions by suspending or reducing duties on such goods. 
(4) The manufacturing competitiveness of 
the United States around the world will be enhanced if Congress regularly and predict-ably updates the Harmonized Tariff Schedule to suspend or reduce duties on such goods. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, to remove the competitive disadvantage to United States manufactures and consumers resulting from an outdated Harmonized Tariff Schedule and to promote the competitiveness of United States manu-facturers, Congress should consider a mis-cellaneous tariff bill not later than 180 days after the United States International Trade Commission and the Department of Com-merce issue reports on proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions under this title. 
SEC. 803. PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF 
DUTY SUSPENSIONS AND REDUC-TIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-
tion to establish a process by the appropriate congressional committees, in conjunction with the Commission pursuant to its au-thorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332), for the submission and consideration of proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than Octo-
ber 15, 2015, and October 15, 2018, the appro-priate congressional committees shall estab-lish and, on the same day, publish on their respective publicly available Internet websites a process— 
(1) to provide for the submission and con-
sideration of legislation containing proposed duty suspensions and reductions in a manner that, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with the requirements described in subsection (c); and 
(2) to include in a miscellaneous tariff bill 
those duty suspensions and reductions that meet the requirements of this title. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS OF COMMISSION .— 
(1) I NITIATION .—Not later than October 15, 
2015, and October 15, 2018, the Commission shall publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly available Internet website of the Commission a notice requesting members of the public to submit to the Commission dur-ing the 60-day period beginning on the date of such publication— 
(A) proposed duty suspensions and reduc-
tions; and 
(B) Commission disclosure forms with re-
spect to such duty suspensions and reduc-tions. 
(2) R
EVIEW .— 
(A) C OMMISSION SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— 
As soon as practicable after the expiration of the 60-day period specified in paragraph (1), but not later than 15 days after the expira-tion of such 60-day period, the Commission 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees the proposed duty suspen-sions and reductions submitted under para-graph (1)(A) and the Commission disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reductions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROPOSED DUTY  
SUSPENSIONS AND REDUCTIONS .—Not later 
than 15 days after the expiration of the 60- day period specified in paragraph (1), the Commission shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Commis-sion the proposed duty suspensions and re-ductions submitted under paragraph (1)(A) and the Commission disclosure forms with respect to such duty suspensions and reduc-tions submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(C) C
OMMISSION REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than the end of the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of publication of the pro-posed duty suspensions and reductions under subparagraph (B), the Commission shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on each proposed duty sus-pension or reduction submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or paragraph (1)(A) that contains the following information: 
(i) A determination of whether or not do-
mestic production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction exists and, if such production ex-ists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty sus-pension or reduction. 
(ii) Any technical changes to the article 
description that are necessary for purposes of administration when articles are pre-sented for importation. 
(iii) The amount of tariff revenue that 
would no longer be collected if the proposed duty suspension or reduction takes effect. 
(iv) A determination of whether or not the 
proposed duty suspension or reduction is available to any person that imports the ar-ticle that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction. 
(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The Commission shall 
prescribe and publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Commission proce-dures for complying with the requirements of this subsection. 
(4) A
UTHORITIES DESCRIBED .—The Commis-
sion shall carry out this subsection pursuant to its authorities under section 332 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1332). 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE REPORT .— 
Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of publication of the proposed duty suspensions and reductions under subsection (c)(2)(B), the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on each proposed duty suspension and reduction submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(1) or (c)(1)(A) that includes the following information: 
(1) A determination of whether or not do-
mestic production of the article that is the subject of the proposed duty suspension or reduction exists and, if such production ex-ists, whether or not a domestic producer of the article objects to the proposed duty sus-pension or reduction. 
(2) Any technical changes to the article de-
scription that are necessary for purposes of administration when articles are presented for importation. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A proposed 
duty suspension or reduction submitted under this section by a Member of Congress shall receive treatment no more favorable than the treatment received by a proposed duty suspension or reduction submitted under this section by a member of the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2890 May 13, 2015 
SEC. 804. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF DUTY SUSPEN-
SIONS AND REDUCTIONS ON UNITED STATES ECONOMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 
2018, and May 1, 2020, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the effects on the United States economy of temporary duty suspensions and reductions enacted pursuant to this title, including a broad assessment of the economic effects of such duty suspen-sions and reductions on producers, pur-chasers, and consumers in the United States, using case studies describing such effects on selected industries or by type of article as available data permit. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Commission 
shall also solicit and append to the report re-quired under subsection (a) recommenda-tions with respect to those domestic indus-try sectors or specific domestic industries that might benefit from permanent duty sus-pensions and reductions or elimination of du-ties, either through a unilateral action of the United States or though negotiations for reciprocal tariff agreements, with a par-ticular focus on inequities created by tariff inversions. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by this section shall be submitted in unclas-
sified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 805. JUDICIAL REVIEW PRECLUDED. 
The exercise of functions under this title 
shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 806. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate. 
(2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the United States International Trade Commission. 
(3) C
OMMISSION DISCLOSURE FORM .—The 
term ‘‘Commission disclosure form’’ means, with respect to a proposed duty suspension or reduction, a document submitted by a member of the public to the Commission that contains the following: 
(A) The contact information for any known 
importers of the article to which the pro-posed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(B) A certification by the member of the 
public that the proposed duty suspension or reduction is available to any person import-ing the article to which the proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(4) D
OMESTIC PRODUCER .—The term ‘‘do-
mestic producer’’ means a person that dem-onstrates production, or imminent produc-tion, in the United States of an article that is identical to, or like or directly competi-tive with, an article to which a proposed duty suspension or reduction would apply. 
(5) D
UTY SUSPENSION OR REDUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘duty suspen-
sion or reduction’’ means an amendment to subchapter II of chapter 99 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States that— 
(i)(I) extends an existing temporary duty 
suspension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; or 
(II) provides for a new temporary duty sus-
pension or reduction of duty on an article under that subchapter; and 
(ii) otherwise meets the requirements de-
scribed in subparagraph (B). 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A duty suspension or 
reduction meets the requirements described in this subparagraph if— 
(i) the duty suspension or reduction can be 
administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (ii) the estimated loss in revenue to the 
United States from the duty suspension or reduction does not exceed $500,000 in a cal-endar year during which the duty suspension or reduction would be in effect, as deter-mined by the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(iii) the duty suspension or reduction is 
available to any person importing the article that is the subject of the duty suspension or reduction. 
(6) M
EMBER OF CONGRESS .—The term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, Congress. 
(7) M
ISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL .—The term 
‘‘miscellaneous tariff bill’’ means a bill of ei-
ther House of Congress that contains only— 
(A) duty suspensions and reductions that— (i) meet the applicable requirements for— (I) consideration of duty suspensions and 
reductions described in section 803; or 
(II) any other process required under the 
Rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate; and 
(ii) are not the subject of an objection be-
cause such duty suspensions and reductions do not comply with the requirements of this title from— 
(I) a Member of Congress; or (II) a domestic producer, as contained in 
comments submitted to the appropriate con-gressional committees, the Commission, or the Department of Commerce under section 803; and 
(B) provisions included in bills introduced 
in the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate pursuant to a process described in sub-paragraph (A)(i)(II) that correct an error in the text or administration of a provision of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 901. DE MINIMIS VALUE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Modernizing international customs is 
critical for United States businesses of all sizes, consumers in the United States, and the economic growth of the United States. 
(2) Higher thresholds for the value of arti-
cles that may be entered informally and free of duty provide significant economic benefits to businesses and consumers in the United States and the economy of the United States through costs savings and reductions in trade transaction costs. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States Trade Rep-resentative should encourage other coun-tries, through bilateral, regional, and multi-lateral fora, to establish commercially meaningful de minimis values for express and postal shipments that are exempt from customs duties and taxes and from certain entry documentation requirements, as ap-propriate. 
(c) D
EMINIMIS VALUE .—Section 321(a)(2)(C) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$200’’ and inserting ‘‘$800’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (c) shall apply with re-spect to articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. CONSULTATION ON TRADE AND CUS-
TOMS REVENUE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 401(c) of the Safety and Account-
ability for Every Port Act (6 U.S.C. 115(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on De-
partment policies and actions that have’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 30 days after proposing, and not later than 30 days before finalizing, any Department policies, initia-tives, or actions that will have’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘not 
later than 30 days prior to the finalization of’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 60 days be-fore proposing, and not later than 60 days be-fore finalizing,’’. 
SEC. 903. PENALTIES FOR CUSTOMS BROKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(d)(1) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641(d)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) has been convicted of committing or 
conspiring to commit an act of terrorism de-scribed in section 2332b of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 641 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘The 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking 
‘‘Secretary’s notice’’ and inserting ‘‘notice under subparagraph (A)’’. 
SEC. 904. AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF THE 
HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A RTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED , AD-
VANCED OR IMPROVED ABROAD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—U.S. Note 3 to subchapter 
II of chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of subheadings 
9802.00.40 and 9802.00.50, fungible articles ex-ported from the United States for the pur-poses described in such subheadings— 
‘‘(A) may be commingled; and ‘‘(B) the origin, value, and classification of 
such articles may be accounted for using an inventory management method. 
‘‘(2) If a person chooses to use an inventory 
management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the person shall use the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims fungibility under this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(A) the term ‘fungible articles’ means 
merchandise or articles that, for commercial purposes, are identical or interchangeable in all situations; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘inventory management 
method’ means any method for managing in-ventory that is based on generally accepted accounting principles.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection applies to articles classifiable under subheading 9802.00.40 or 9802.00.50 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS RELATING  
TORETURNED PROPERTY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The article description for 
heading 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting after ‘‘exported’’ the following: ‘‘, or any other products when returned within 3 years after having been exported’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) applies to articles en-tered, or withdrawn from warehouse for con-sumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) D
UTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN  
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PROPERTY RE-
TURNED TO THE UNITED STATES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2891 May 13, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 98 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in nu-
merical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9801.00.11 United States Government property, returned to the United States with-
out having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any means while abroad, entered by the United States Government or a con-tractor to the United States Government, and certified by the importer as United States Government property ...................................................... Free ’’. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) applies to goods en-tered, or withdrawn from warehouse for con-sumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 905. EXEMPTION FROM DUTY OF RESIDUE 
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN IN-STRUMENTS OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—General Note 3(e) of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (vi) (as 
so amended) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in 
instruments of international traffic pre-viously exported from the United States,’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end of the flush text 
following subparagraph (vii) (as so added) the following: ‘‘For purposes of subparagraph (vii) of this paragraph: The term ‘residue’ means material of bulk cargo that remains in an instrument of international traffic after the bulk cargo is removed, with a quan-tity, by weight or volume, not exceeding 7 percent of the bulk cargo, and with no or de minimis value. The term ‘bulk cargo’ means cargo that is unpackaged and is in either solid, liquid, or gaseous form. The term ‘in-struments of international traffic’ means containers or holders, capable of and suitable for repeated use, such as lift vans, cargo vans, shipping tanks, skids, pallets, caul boards, and cores for textile fabrics, arriving (whether loaded or empty) in use or to be used in the shipment of merchandise in international traffic, and any additional ar-ticles or classes of articles that the Commis-sioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection designates as instruments of international traffic.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to residue of bulk cargo con-tained in instruments of international traffic that are imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after such date of enactment and that previously have been ex-ported from the United States. 
SEC. 906. DRAWBACK AND REFUNDS. 
(a) A RTICLES MADE FROM IMPORTED MER-
CHANDISE .—Section 313(a) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon the merchandise so used shall be refunded as drawback, less 1 per centum of such duties, except that such’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback, except that’’. 
(b) S
UBSTITUTION FOR DRAWBACK PUR-
POSES .—Section 313(b) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If imported’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If imported’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and any other merchandise 
(whether imported or domestic) of the same kind and quality are’’ and inserting ‘‘or mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported 
merchandise is’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting 
‘‘5 years’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the receipt of such im-
ported merchandise by the manufacturer or producer of such articles’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of importation of such imported mer-chandise’’; 
(5) by inserting ‘‘or articles classifiable 
under the same 8-digit HTS subheading num-ber as such articles,’’ after ‘‘any such arti-cles,’’; 
(6) by striking ‘‘an amount of drawback 
equal to’’ and all that follows through the end period and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under sub-section (l), but only if those articles have not been used prior to such exportation or de-struction.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRANSFER  
OF MERCHANDISE .— 
‘‘(A) M ANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS .— 
Drawback shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using imported merchandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise only if the manufac-
turer or producer of the article received such imported merchandise or such other mer-chandise, directly or indirectly, from the im-porter. 
‘‘(B) E
XPORTERS AND DESTROYERS .—Draw-
back shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to a manufactured or produced article that is exported or destroyed only if the exporter or destroyer received that arti-cle or an article classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as that arti-cle, directly or indirectly, from the manufac-turer or producer. 
‘‘(C) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFER .—Transfers of 
merchandise under subparagraph (A) and transfers of articles under subparagraph (B) may be evidenced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no addi-tional certificates of transfer or manufac-ture shall be required. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF BILL OF MATERIALS OR  
FORMULA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Drawback shall be al-
lowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using im-ported merchandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as such imported merchan-dise only if the person making the drawback claim submits with the claim a bill of mate-rials or formula identifying the merchandise and article by the 8-digit HTS subheading number and the quantity of the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) B
ILL OF MATERIALS AND FORMULA DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘bill of 
materials’ and ‘formula’ mean records kept in the normal course of business that iden-tify each component incorporated into a manufactured or produced article or that identify the quantity of each element, mate-rial, chemical, mixture, or other substance incorporated into a manufactured article. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SOUGHT CHEMICAL  
ELEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), a sought chemical element may be— ‘‘(i) considered imported merchandise, or 
merchandise classifiable under the same 8- digit HTS subheading number as such im-ported merchandise, used in the manufacture or production of an article as described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) substituted for source material con-
taining that sought chemical element, with-out regard to whether the sought chemical element and the source material are classifi-able under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number, and apportioned quantitatively, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) S
OUGHT CHEMICAL ELEMENT DEFINED .— 
In this paragraph, the term ‘sought chemical element’ means an element listed in the Periodic Table of Elements that is imported into the United States or a chemical com-pound consisting of those elements, either separately in elemental form or contained in source material.’’. 
(c) M
ERCHANDISE NOTCONFORMING TO SAM-
PLE OR SPECIFICATIONS .—Section 313(c) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(c)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘under a certificate of delivery’’ each place it appears; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ and 
inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’’; and 
(C) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon such merchandise, less 1 percent,’’ and in-serting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Cus-
toms Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFERS .—Transfers of 
merchandise under paragraph (1) may be evi-denced by business records kept in the nor-mal course of business and no additional cer-tificates of transfer shall be required.’’. 
(d) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—Section 313(i) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—A person 
claiming drawback under this section based on the exportation of an article shall provide proof of the exportation of the article. Such proof of exportation— 
‘‘(1) shall establish fully the date and fact 
of exportation and the identity of the ex-porter; and 
‘‘(2) may be established through the use of 
records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government, as deter-mined by the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’. 
(e) U
NUSED MERCHANDISE DRAWBACK .—Sec-
tion 313(j) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the date of importa-tion’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2892 May 13, 2015 
(B) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘99 percent of the amount of each duty, tax, or fee so paid’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under sub-section (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘com-
mercially interchangeable with’’ and insert-ing ‘‘classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the imported merchan-dise’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking sub-
clause (II) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(II) received the imported merchandise, 
other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, directly or indirectly from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees imposed under Federal law upon importation or entry and due on the imported merchandise (and any such trans-ferred merchandise, regardless of its origin, will be treated as the imported merchandise and any retained merchandise will be treated as domestic merchandise);’’; and 
(E) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘the amount of each such 
duty, tax, and fee’’ and all that follows through ‘‘99 percent of that duty, tax, or fee’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursu-ant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), drawback shall be allowed under this paragraph with respect to wine if the imported wine and the exported wine are of the same color and the price variation be-tween the imported wine and the exported wine does not exceed 50 percent. Transfers of merchandise may be evidenced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘the 
commercially interchangeable merchandise’’ and inserting ‘‘merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading num-ber as such imported merchandise’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2) and 
except as provided in subparagraph (B), mer-chandise may not be substituted for im-ported merchandise for drawback purposes based on the 8-digit HTS subheading number if the article description for the 8-digit HTS subheading number under which the im-ported merchandise is classified begins with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(B) In cases described in subparagraph 
(A), merchandise may be substituted for im-ported merchandise for drawback purposes if— 
‘‘(i) the other merchandise and such im-
ported merchandise are classifiable under the same 10-digit HTS statistical reporting number; and 
‘‘(ii) the article description for that 10- 
digit HTS statistical reporting number does not begin with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(6)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2), a 
drawback claimant may use the first 8 digits of the 10-digit Schedule B number for mer-chandise or an article to determine if the merchandise or article is classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as the imported merchandise, without regard to 
whether the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8-digit HTS subheading number. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘Schedule 
B’ means the Department of Commerce Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Do-mestic and Foreign Commodities Exported from the United States.’’. 
(f) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Sec-
tion 313(k) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(k)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(k) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person making a 
claim for drawback under this section shall be liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. 
‘‘(2) L
IABILITY OF IMPORTERS .—An importer 
shall be liable for any drawback claim made by another person with respect to merchan-dise imported by the importer in an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the person claimed with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
‘‘(B) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the importer authorized the other per-son to claim with respect to the imported merchandise. 
‘‘(3) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—Per-
sons described in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be jointly and severally liable for the amount described in paragraph (2).’’. 
(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 313(l) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(l)) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Allowance of the privi-
leges provided for in this section shall be subject to compliance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF DRAWBACK .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (or, if later, the ef-fective date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act), the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations re-
quired by subparagraph (A) for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as draw-back under this section shall provide for a refund of 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported mer-chandise, except that where there is substi-tution of the merchandise or article, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is ex-
ported, the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is de-
stroyed, the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the destroyed article if the destroyed article were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials re-
covered during destruction as provided in subsection (x). 
‘‘(3) S
TATUS REPORTS ON REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annually thereafter until the regulations re-quired by paragraph (2) are final, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on 
the status of those regulations.’’. 
(h) S
UBSTITUTION OF FINISHED PETROLEUM  
DERIVATIVES .—Section 313(p) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(p)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Harmonized Tariff Sched-
ule of the United States’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘HTS’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘, as so 
certified in a certificate of delivery or cer-tificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘, as so designated on the 
certificate of delivery or certificate of manu-facture and delivery’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘The party transfer-ring the merchandise shall maintain records kept in the normal course of business to demonstrate the transfer.’’. 
(i) P
ACKAGING MATERIAL .—Section 313(q) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(q)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of 99 per-
cent of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on such imported material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of 99 per-
cent of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on the imported or substituted merchandise used to manufacture or produce such material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘they con-
tain’’ and inserting ‘‘it contains’’. 
(j) F
ILING OF DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Section 
313(r) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(r)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the first sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘A drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, not later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported.’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘3- 
year’’ and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘The Customs Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(ii) in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘3-year’’ 
and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
periods of time for retaining records set forth in subsection (t) of this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘the period of time for retain-ing records set forth in’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) All drawback claims filed on and after 
the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (or, if later, the effective date provided for in section 906(q)(2)(B) of that Act) shall be filed elec-tronically.’’. 
(k) D
ESIGNATION OF MERCHANDISE BY SUC-
CESSOR .—Section 313(s) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(s)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6) of 
subsection (j), imported merchandise, other merchandise classifiable under the same 8- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2893 May 13, 2015 
digit HTS subheading number as such im-
ported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, that the predecessor received, before the date of succession, from the per-son who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the imported merchandise;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘certifies 
that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘cer-tifies that the transferred merchandise was not and will not be claimed by the prede-cessor.’’. 
(l) D
RAWBACK CERTIFICATES .—Section 313 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by striking subsection (t). 
(m) D
RAWBACK FOR RECOVERED MATE-
RIALS .—Section 313(x) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(x)) is amended by striking 
‘‘and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c), and (j)’’. 
(n) D EFINITIONS .—Section 313 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(z) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTLY .—The term ‘directly’ means 
a transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person without any in-termediate transfer. 
‘‘(2) HTS.—The term ‘HTS’ means the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(3) I
NDIRECTLY .—The term ‘indirectly’ 
means a transfer of merchandise or an arti-cle from one person to another person with one or more intermediate transfers.’’. 
(o) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Section 508(c)(3) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1508(c)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘3rd’’ and inserting ‘‘5th’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘liquidation’’. 
(p) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the issuance of the regulations required by subsection (l)(2) of section 313 of the Tar-iff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (g), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the modernization of drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the modernization of 
drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(B) A description of drawback claims that 
were permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are not permissible after that effective date and an identification of industries most affected. 
(C) A description of drawback claims that 
were not permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are permissible after that effective date and an identification of industries most affected. 
(q) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(B) except as provided in paragraphs (2)(B) 
and (3), apply to drawback claims filed on or after the date that is 2 years after such date of enactment. 
(2) R
EPORTING OF OPERABILITY OF AUTO -
MATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT COMPUTER  
SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 2 years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a report on— (i) the date on which the Automated Com-
mercial Environment will be ready to proc-ess drawback claims; and 
(ii) the date on which the Automated Ex-
port System will be ready to accept proof of exportation under subsection (i) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by subsection (d). 
(B) D
ELAY OF EFFECTIVE DATE .—If the Sec-
retary indicates in the report required by subparagraph (A) that the Automated Com-mercial Environment will not be ready to process drawback claims by the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments made by this sec-tion shall apply to drawback claims filed on and after the date on which the Secretary certifies that the Automated Commercial Environment is ready to process drawback claims. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—During the one-year 
period beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act (or, if later, the effective date provided for in paragraph (2)(B)), a person may elect to file a claim for drawback under— 
(A) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
amended by this section; or 
(B) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 907. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENT-ATIVE. 
Section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) When the President submits to the 
Senate for its advice and consent a nomina-tion of an individual for appointment as a Deputy United States Trade Representative under paragraph (2), the President shall in-clude in that submission information on the country, regional offices, and functions of the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative with respect to which that indi-vidual will have responsibility.’’. 
SEC. 908. BIENNIAL REPORTS REGARDING COM-
PETITIVENESS ISSUES FACING THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY AND COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS FOR CERTAIN KEY UNITED STATES IN-DUSTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Inter-
national Trade Commission shall conduct a series of investigations, and submit a report on each such investigation in accordance with subsection (c), regarding competitive-ness issues facing the economy of the United States and competitive conditions for cer-tain key United States industries. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include, to the extent practicable, the following: 
(A) A detailed assessment of competitive-
ness issues facing the economy of the United States, over the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the report is submitted, that includes— 
(i) projections, over that 10-year period, of 
economic measures, such as measures relat-ing to production in the United States and United States trade, for the economy of the United States and for key United States in-dustries, based on ongoing trends in the economy of the United States and global economies and incorporating estimates from prominent United States, foreign, multi-national, and private sector organizations; and 
(ii) a description of factors that drive eco-
nomic growth, such as domestic produc-tivity, the United States workforce, foreign demand for United States goods and services, and industry-specific developments. (B) A detailed assessment of a key United 
States industry or key United States indus-tries that, to the extent practicable— 
(i) identifies with respect to each such in-
dustry the principal factors driving competi-tiveness as of the date on which the report is submitted; and 
(ii) describes, with respect to each such in-
dustry, the structure of the global industry, its market characteristics, current industry trends, relevant policies and programs of for-eign governments, and principal factors af-fecting future competitiveness. 
(2) S
ELECTION OF KEY UNITED STATES INDUS -
TRIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In conducting assess-
ments required under paragraph (1)(B), the Commission shall, to the extent practicable, select a different key United States industry or different key United States industries for purposes of each report required by sub-section (a). 
(B) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH CONGRESS .—The 
Commission shall consult with the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives before selecting the key United States industry or key United States industries for purposes of each report re-quired by subsection (a). 
(c) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than May 15, 
2017, and every 2 years thereafter through 2025, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the most re-cent investigation conducted under sub-section (a). 
(2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The Commis-
sion may, after consultation with the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, submit a report under paragraph (1) later than the date required by that paragraph. 
(3) C
ONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS INFORMATION .— 
A report submitted under paragraph (1) shall not include any confidential business infor-mation unless— 
(A) the party that submitted the confiden-
tial business information to the Commission had notice, at the time of submission, that the information would be released by the Commission; or 
(B) that party consents to the release of 
the information. 
(d) K
EYUNITED STATES INDUSTRY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘key 
United States industry’’ means a goods or services industry that— 
(1) contributes significantly to United 
States economic activity and trade; or 
(2) is a potential growth area for the 
United States and global markets. 
SEC. 909. REPORT ON CERTAIN U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after entering into an agreement under a program specified in subsection (b), and an-nually thereafter until the termination of the program, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that includes the following: 
(1) A description of the development of the 
program. 
(2) A description of the type of entity with 
which U.S. Customs and Border Protection entered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement. 
(3) An identification of the type of port of 
entry to which the agreement relates and an assessment of how the agreement provides economic benefits at the port of entry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2894 May 13, 2015 
(4) A description of the services provided 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(5) The amount of fees collected under the 
agreement during that year. 
(6) A detailed accounting of how the fees 
collected under the agreement have been spent during that year. 
(7) A summary of any complaints or criti-
cism received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during that year regarding the agreement. 
(8) An assessment of the compliance of the 
entity described in paragraph (2) with the terms of the agreement. 
(9) Recommendations with respect to how 
activities conducted pursuant to the agree-ment could function more effectively or bet-ter produce economic benefits. 
(10) A summary of the benefits to and chal-
lenges faced by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the entity described in para-graph (2) under the agreement. 
(b) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIED .—A program speci-
fied in this subsection is— 
(1) the program for entering into reimburs-
able fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services es-tablished by section 560 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378); or 
(2) the pilot program authorizing U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to enter into partnerships with private sector and govern-ment entities at ports of entry established by section 559 of the Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (divi-sion F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note). 
SEC. 910. CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
Section 13031(e)(1) of the Consolidated Om-
nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding sec-
tion 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than paragraph (2))’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1)(A) Notwithstanding section 451 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than subparagraph (B) and paragraph (2))’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) An appropriate officer of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection may assign a sufficient number of employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection (if available) to perform services described in clause (ii) for a charter air carrier (as defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) for a charter flight arriving after normal oper-ating hours at an airport that is an estab-lished port of entry serviced by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, notwithstanding that overtime funds for those services are not available, if the charter air carrier— 
‘‘(I) not later than 4 hours before the flight 
arrives, specifically requests that such serv-ices be provided; and 
‘‘(II) pays any overtime fees incurred in 
connection with such services. 
‘‘(ii) Services described in this clause are 
customs services for passengers and their baggage or any other such service that could lawfully be performed during regular hours of operation.’’. 
SEC. 911. AMENDMENT TO TARIFF ACT OF 1930 TO 
REQUIRE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN MARKING OF CERTAIN CASTINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(e) of the Tar-
iff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘MANHOLE RINGS OR FRAMES , COVERS , AND 
ASSEMBLIES THEREOF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C AST-
INGS’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘inlet frames, tree and 
trench grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, utility boxes,’’ before ‘‘manhole rings,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end before the period 
the following: ‘‘in a location such that it will remain visible after installation’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to the importation of castings described in such amendments on or after the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 912. ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE-
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR, FORCED LABOR, OR INDENTURED LABOR; RE-PORT. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DEMAND  
EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commis-sioner shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on compliance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
(1) The number of instances in which mer-
chandise was denied entry pursuant to that section during the 1-year period preceding the submission of the report. 
(2) A description of the merchandise denied 
entry pursuant to that section. 
(3) Such other information as the Commis-
sioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with that section. 
SEC. 913. IMPROVED COLLECTION AND USE OF 
LABOR MARKET INFORMATION. 
Section 1137 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1320b–7) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing the occupational information under sub-section (g))’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3) of this sub-section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘employ-
ers (as defined’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (g), employers (as defined’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g)(1) Beginning January 1, 2017, each 
quarterly wage report required to be sub-mitted by an employer under subsection (a)(3) shall include such occupational infor-mation with respect to each employee of the employer that permits the classification of such employees into occupational categories as found in the Standard Occupational Clas-sification (SOC) system. 
‘‘(2) The State agency receiving the occu-
pational information described in paragraph (1) shall make such information available to the Secretary of Labor pursuant to proce-dures established by the Secretary of Labor. 
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Labor shall make 
occupational information submitted under paragraph (2) available to other State and Federal agencies, including the United States Census Bureau, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and other State and Federal re-search agencies. 
‘‘(B) Disclosure of occupational informa-
tion under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the agency having safeguards in place that meet the requirements under paragraph 
(4). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Labor shall establish 
and implement safeguards for the dissemina-tion and, subject to paragraph (5), the use of occupational information received under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) Occupational information received 
under this subsection shall only be used to classify employees into occupational cat-egories as found in the Standard Occupa-tional Classification (SOC) system and to analyze and evaluate occupations in order to improve the labor market for workers and industries. 
‘‘(6) The Secretary of Labor shall establish 
procedures to verify the accuracy of informa-tion received under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 914. STATEMENTS OF POLICY WITH RE-
SPECT TO ISRAEL. 
Congress— 
(1) supports the strengthening of United 
States-Israel economic cooperation and rec-ognizes the tremendous strategic, economic, and technological value of cooperation with Israel; 
(2) recognizes the benefit of cooperation 
with Israel to United States companies, in-cluding by improving United States competi-tiveness in global markets; 
(3) recognizes the importance of trade and 
commercial relations to the pursuit and sus-tainability of peace, and supports efforts to bring together the United States, Israel, the Palestinian territories, and others in en-hanced commerce; 
(4) opposes politically motivated actions 
that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment or sanctions; 
(5) notes that the boycott, divestment, and 
sanctioning of Israel by governments, gov-ernmental bodies, quasi-governmental bod-ies, international organizations, and other such entities is contrary to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) principle of nondiscrimination; 
(6) encourages the inclusion of politically 
motivated actions that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as a topic of discus-sion at the U.S.-Israel Joint Economic De-velopment Group (JEDG) and other areas to support the strengthening of the United States-Israel commercial relationship and combat any commercial discrimination against Israel; 
(7) supports efforts to prevent investiga-
tions or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons on the sole basis of such persons doing business with Israel, with Israeli enti-ties, or in territories controlled by Israel; and 
(8) supports States of the United States ex-
amining a company’s promotion or compli-ance with unsanctioned boycotts, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel as part of its consideration in awarding grants and contracts and supports the divestment of State assets from companies that support or promote actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel. 
TITLE X—OFFSETS 
SEC. 1001. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 
75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2895 May 13, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue that any individual has a seri-ously delinquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000, the Secretary shall trans-mit such certification to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, rev-ocation, or limitation of a passport pursuant to section 1001(d) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘seri-ously delinquent tax debt’ means an out-standing debt under this title for which a no-tice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, ex-cept that such term does not include— 
‘‘(1) a debt that is being paid in a timely 
manner pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(2) a debt with respect to which collection 
is suspended because a collection due process hearing under section 6330, or relief under subsection (b), (c), or (f) of section 6015, is re-quested or pending. 
‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the 
case of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dollar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subpara-graph (B) thereof. 
If any amount as adjusted under the pre-
ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport 
in case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 
6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
TO DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF  
PASSPORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, 
upon receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return information with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with 
respect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delin-
quent tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return 
information disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the requirements of section 1001(d) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(4) of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ each place it appears in subparagraph (F)(ii) and in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certifi-cation described in section 7345 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in such subparagraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with respect to a certification by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(e) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECU-
RITY ACCOUNT NUMBER .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that either— 
(i) does not include the social security ac-
count number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social 
security number willfully, intentionally, negligently, or recklessly provided by such individual, the Secretary of State is authorized to deny such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, 
and amendments made by, this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 1002. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Fees may be charged under para-
graphs (9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 8, 2025, and end-ing on July 28, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States- 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘For the period’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—For the period’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A DDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the period 
beginning on July 1, 2025, and ending on July 14, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SA 1225. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
LEE) proposed an amendment to the 
concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 10, supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘International Year of Soils’’ and supporting locally led soil conservation; as follows: 
On page 2, line 13, insert ‘‘voluntary’’ be-
fore ‘‘landowner participation’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 13, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 13, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Safe-guarding American Interests in the East and South China Seas.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 13, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the Border: Fencing, Infrastructure, and Tech-nology Force Multipliers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 13, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meed during the session of the Sen-ate on May 13, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the Constitutional Right to Counsel for Indigents Charged with Misdemeanors.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.013 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2896 May 13, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 13, 2015, at 3 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Kevin Rosen-baum, the detailee on the Senate Com-mittee on Finance; Andrew Rollo, detailee on the Senate Committee on Finance; Sahra Su, a fellow to the Sen-ate Committee on Finance; and Ken-neth Schmidt, clerk to the Senate Committee on Finance, be granted floor privileges for the duration of the Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION 
OF THE YEAR OF 2015 AS THE INTERNATIONAL YEAR OF SOILS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of and the Senate now pro-ceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 10. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the concurrent 
resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 10) 
supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘International Year of Soils’’ and sup-
porting locally led soil conservation. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Lee amendment at the desk be agreed to, the concurrent resolution, as amended, be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1225) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To clarify the support of Congress 
for voluntary landowner participation in certain conservation programs) 
On page 2, line 13, insert ‘‘voluntary’’ be-
fore ‘‘landowner participation’’. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 10), as amended, was agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. The concurrent resolution, as amend-
ed, with its preamble, reads as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 10 
Whereas many of the international part-
ners of the United States are designating 2015 as the ‘‘International Year of Soils’’; Whereas soil is vitally important for food 
security and essential ecosystem functions; 
Whereas soil conservation efforts in the 
United States are often locally led; 
Whereas 2015 also marks the 80th anniver-
sary of the signing of the Soil Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590a et seq.) on April 27, 1935; 
Whereas soils, as the foundation for agri-
cultural production, essential ecosystem functions, and food security, are key to sus-taining life on Earth; 
Whereas soils and the science of soils con-
tribute to improved water quality, food safe-ty and security, healthy ecosystems, and human health; and 
Whereas soil, plant, animal, and human 
health are intricately linked: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) supports the designation of 2015 as the 
‘‘International Year of Soils’’; 
(2) encourages the public to participate in 
activities that celebrate the importance of 
soils to the current and future well-being of the United States; and 
(3) supports conservation of the soils of the 
United States, through— 
(A) partnership with local soil and water 
conservation districts; and 
(B) voluntary landowner participation in— (i) the conservation reserve program estab-
lished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831 et seq.); 
(ii) the environmental quality incentives 
program established under chapter 4 of sub-title D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.); 
(iii) the conservation stewardship program 
established under subchapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838D et seq.); 
(iv) the agricultural conservation ease-
ment program established under subtitle H of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865 et seq.); 
(v) the regional conservation partnership 
program established under subtitle I of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871 et seq.); and 
(vi) the small watershed rehabilitation 
program established under section 14 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1012). 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: the Honorable J
EANNE SHAHEEN of New 
Hampshire (Committee on Appropria-tions) and the Honorable B
ENJAMIN  
CARDIN of Maryland (At Large). 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, appointis the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: the Honorable G
ARY 
C. P ETERS Michigan (At Large) and the 
Honorable B RIAN SCHATZ of Hawaii 
(Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amended by Public Law 101–595, and 
further amended by Public Law 113–281, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: the Honorable M
ARIA 
CANTWELL of Washington and the Hon-
orable R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL of Con-
necticut. 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice 
President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: the Honorable T
OMUDALL of 
New Mexico (Committee on Appropria-tions) and the Honorable M
AZIE K. 
HIRONO (Committee on Armed Serv-
ices). 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 14, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following any leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 10 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fur-ther, that following morning business, the Senate then proceed to the consid-eration of Calendar No. 57, H.R. 1295, and Calendar No. 56, H.R. 644, en bloc, under the previous order; further, that the time from 10 a.m. until noon be equally divided in the usual form; fi-nally, that the time following the votes in relation to H.R. 1295 and H.R. 644 until the cloture vote at 2 p.m. also be equally divided in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:37 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 14, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate May 13, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
SALLY QUILLIAN YATES, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DEPUTY 
ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13MY6.020 S13MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E683 May 13, 2015 
A SERVICE OF THANKSGIVING TO 
GOD FOR THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE HONORABLE JAMES C. WRIGHT, JR., 12TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS, SPEAKER OF THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, the Honorable 
James Claude Wright, former Speaker of the House of Representatives, died on May 6, 2015. On that day, I issued the following state-ment: 
The whole House mourns the passing of 
Speaker Jim Wright of the state of Texas. We remember Speaker Wright today for his lifelong commitment to public service, from flying combat missions over the South Pa-cific to fighting for Fort Worth on the House floor. Speaker Wright understood as well as anyone this institution’s closeness to the people, calling the House ‘the raw essence of the nation.’ It is in this spirit that we send our deepest condolences to his family and community. 
The House took several steps to honor the 
former Speaker. The Speaker’s chair on the rostrum was draped in black—the same mark of respect first made upon the death of Mi-chael Kerr of Indiana, Speaker of the House in the 44th Congress and most recently for Thomas Foley. The Speaker’s gavel rested on the rostrum during this period. Outside the House Chamber, Speaker Wright’s official por-trait in the Speaker’s lobby was draped in black. A book of condolences was made avail-able for the remembrances of friends and col-leagues. On May 12, 2015, the House adopt-ed House Resolution 245, expressing the con-dolences of the House upon his death, and the House adjourned on that day as a further mark of respect to his memory. A funeral was held on May 11, 2015, at First United Meth-odist Church in Fort Worth, Texas. The fol-lowing is a transcript of those proceedings: 
A SERVICE OF THANKSGIVING TO GOD FOR THE  
LIFE AND LEGACY OF JAMES CLAUDE  
WRIGHT , JR., DECEMBER 22, 1922–M AY6, 2015 
Prelude—(Ms. Peggy Graff, organist) 
Processional—‘‘Joyful, Joyful, We Adore 
Thee’’ 
Call to worship (The Reverend Dr. Tim Bruster, First 
United Methodist Church, Fort Worth, Texas) 
Reverend Bruster: Please be seated. Hear these words of Jesus: I am the res-
urrection and the life. Those who believe in me, even though they die, will live, and ev-erybody who lives and believes in me will never die. 
Christ said: I am Alpha and Omega, the be-
ginning and the end. Do not be afraid. I am the first and the last and the living one. I was dead, and now I am alive, forever and ever. 
Friends, we have gathered here to praise 
God and to draw comfort from our faith and to give thanks as we celebrate the life of Jim Wright. We come together in grief, of course, ac-
knowledging our human loss. But we also come together in gratitude, acknowledging and giving thanks for his life and his legacy and for everything in his life that was a re-flection of the love and the grace of God. 
May God grant us grace in this time that 
in pain we may find comfort, in sorrow we may find joy, and in death, resurrection. 
Let’s pray. Our gracious and loving God, we bow in 
awe of Your greatness and Your love. You have spoken words of life to us in so many ways. You’ve given form and beauty to our world, and all of creation sings Your praise. 
You have given us one another to love and 
receive love, a reflection of Your gracious love for us. And You have spoken to us in the words of Scripture and in Jesus, the Word made flesh, the Author of life. 
As You speak to us now, in this service of 
worship, help us once again to hear Your words of life as we celebrate the life and leg-acy of Your servant, Jim. 
In Jesus’ name. Amen. I invite you now to turn in your worship 
guide to the words of the 23rd Psalm as we say them together: 
‘‘The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not 
want. 
‘‘He maketh me to lie down in green pas-
tures: He leadeth me beside the still waters. 
‘‘He restoreth my soul: He leadeth me in 
the paths of righteousness for His name’s sake. 
‘‘Yea, though I walk through the valley of 
the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for Thou art with me; Thy rod and Thy staff they comfort me. 
‘‘Thou preparest a table before me in the 
presence of mine enemies; Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. 
‘‘Surely goodness and mercy shall follow 
me all the days of my life; and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. 
The words of Psalm 46: ‘‘God is our refuge and strength, a very 
present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the Earth should change, though the mountains shake in the heart of the sea; though its waters roar and foam, though the mountains tremble with its tu-mult. 
‘‘There is a river whose streams make glad 
the city of God, the holy habitation of the Most High. God is in the midst of the city; it shall not be moved; God will help it when the morning dawns. The nations are in an up-roar, the kingdoms totter; He utters His voice, the Earth melts. The Lord of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. 
‘‘Come, behold the works of the Lord; see 
what desolations He has brought on the Earth. He makes wars cease to the end of the Earth; He breaks the bow, and shatters the spear; He burns the shields with fire. ‘Be still, and know that I am God! I am exalted among the nations; I am exalted in the Earth.’ The Lord of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge.’’ 
The words of the prophet Micah: ‘‘‘With what shall I come before the Lord, 
and bow myself before God on high? Shall I come before Him with burnt offerings, with calves a year old. Will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams, with ten thousands of rivers of oil? Shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?’ ‘‘He has told you, O mortal, what is good; 
and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God?’’ 
God speaks to us in the reading of Scrip-
ture. 
Solo—‘‘Let There Be Peace on Earth’’ per-
formed by Mr. Christopher Auchter. 
(The Honorable Martin Frost, United 
States House of Representatives, 24th Dis-trict of Texas, 1979–2005) 
Mr. Frost: Well, in the words of President 
John F. Kennedy about Jim Wright: 
No city in America was better represented 
in Congress than Fort Worth. 
I’m here today to speak on behalf of the 
scores of people—many of whom, Texans— that Jim Wright helped along the way with their careers. He was our mentor, our col-league, and our friend. And we were better public servants because of Jim Wright, and many of those Members, past and present, Democrat and Republican, are here with us today to honor Jim. 
In a minute, I’m going to speak about what 
Jim did for my career, but it really speaks volumes for what he did for a lot of others, too. 
Jim Wright was an extraordinary leader 
both for the people of Fort Worth and for our Nation. He always remembered the people who sent him to Washington and worked tirelessly to make our country even better every day he was in office. Few Congressmen in recent times have had a greater impact than our friend Jim Wright. 
I met Jim Wright 57 years ago, in 1958, 
when he was a young Congressman beginning his second term and I was a 16-year-old. Jim was the guest speaker at the Temple Beth-El youth group in the basement of the old syna-gogue building on West Broadway, near downtown. I had never met a national politi-cian before, and he made a deep impression on me that day. I remember to this day some of what he said, and more of that a little bit later. 
Seven years later, in 1965, I showed up in 
Washington as a young reporter covering Congress for a magazine, and the first thing I did was to go see my hometown Congress-man, Jim Wright. Jim and his chief of staff, Marshall Lynam, were very helpful to this young reporter, suggesting who I should get to know on congressional committee staffs. Three years later, in the summer of 1968, Jim helped me get a job on Hubert Humphrey’s national Presidential campaign staff while I was a student at Georgetown Law School. 
The last two people I saw before I headed 
back to Texas following graduation in 1970 were Jim and Marshall. I told them that I hoped to come back to D.C. some day as a Congressman—in a neighboring district. I had no intention of ever running against Jim Wright. 
Fast forward to 1976 when I was north 
Texas coordinator of the Carter-Mondale Presidential campaign. The Carter campaign wanted to come to Texas the weekend before the general election when carrying Texas was still in doubt. They wanted to only stop in Dallas. As a Fort Worth boy, I told them they also had to come to Cowtown and that I knew that local Congressman Jim Wright would put on one hell of a show for them, and that’s exactly what Jim did. He filled the downtown convention center with more than 10,000 people early in the afternoon that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.001 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E684 May 13, 2015 
Sunday. It made great television, and Carter 
became the last Democratic Presidential candidate to carry Texas. 
Shortly after that election, Jim Wright be-
came House majority leader by one vote in a hotly contested secret ballot election. He certainly knew how to count. Two years later, I was elected to Congress from the 24th District, which, in fact, adjoined the 12th District that Jim represented. Jim went to Speaker Tip O’Neill and made sure I was named to the powerful House Rules Com-mittee, an appointment that almost never went to a freshman Member. 
From that day on, Jim Wright and I be-
came both colleagues and friends. He was my mentor during the 11 years we served to-gether, and I learned an enormous amount just watching him in action. And when I in-herited the Black community in southeast Fort Worth following the 1991 redistricting, I only used one picture in my mailing: a photo of Jim Wright and me. There wasn’t any-thing else the voters in that part of my dis-trict needed to know. 
They continued to be my base for the re-
mainder of my 26 years in Congress, and just to make sure people in Fort Worth knew that I had strong ties to Fort Worth, even though I now lived in Dallas, he used to tell anyone who would listen that I went to high school in his district in Fort Worth’s Pas-chal, and he went to high school in my dis-trict in Dallas’ Adamson. 
When Jim taught a course at TCU on Con-
gress for 20 years after leaving the Congress, I was proud to be a guest lecturer for him every single year. The last time I saw Jim was in the spring of 2014, when I was working on a book about Congress. We visited for about an hour in his office at TCU. His body was frail, but his mind was as sharp as ever. 
I learned how to be an effective Congress-
man by observing Jim as a colleague and as a junior partner on a variety of matters that helped Fort Worth. He never forgot the peo-ple who sent him to Washington. He was a stalwart in his work on behalf of defense workers at what is now Lockheed Martin, which was General Dynamics, and Bell Heli-copter in Fort Worth. 
He played a significant role in the decision 
by American Airlines to move its corporate headquarters from New York to the Metroplex, and he was a strong supporter of DFW airport, the jobs magnet for this part of the State. 
We worked together—and by the way, he 
did the heavy lifting—to convince the rail-road to make its right-of-way available for the Trinity River Express connecting Fort Worth and Dallas. No request from anyone in Tarrant County was too small to win Jim’s help. 
Also, Jim’s role in promoting the careers 
of promising African Americans from Fort Worth was of great significance. He brought Lorraine Miller, a young woman from the southeast side of Fort Worth, to Washington to work on his staff. Years later, she became the first African American to serve as Clerk of the U.S. House and recently served as in-terim national president of the NAACP. And just a few years ago, Jim played a key role in the election of Mark Veasey, who became the first Black Congressman from Fort Worth. 
One of Jim’s greatest strengths was mold-
ing a disparate group of Democrats into an effective majority when he became Speaker. During his first year as Speaker in 1987—and Tony and Steny, you will remember this— Congress passed all 13 appropriation bills be-fore the start of the new fiscal year on Octo-ber 1, something that is almost never done today. 
I remember his response to a question from 
the audience at that speech at Temple Beth- El in 1958. He was asked what a Congressman 
does when he feels one way about an issue and his district feels the other way. He re-sponded that the job of a Congressman was to reflect the views of his district as often as he could. He then added that he reserved a small percentage of votes, perhaps 10 per-cent, to vote against the majority of his dis-trict if he felt something was vital in the na-tional interest. And he then added that it was his responsibility to go back to his con-stituents to explain his vote and hopefully convince them that he was right and they were wrong. He added that if a Congressman couldn’t successfully do that, he wouldn’t be reelected, and that was as it should be. 
He did a very good job following his own 
advice. I did the same and found that he was exactly correct. 
Fort Worth is a great city today because of 
Jim Wright. We all owe him an enormous debt of gratitude. We will never see his like again. 
(The Honorable Bill Alexander, United 
States House of Representatives, First Dis-trict of Arkansas, 1969–1993) 
Mr. Alexander: Jimmy and Ginger, Kerry, 
Lisa, and all the Wright family, I feel that we are kin. 
And to all of his friends who are here 
today, I join you in tribute to one of my dearest friends. 
I kept up with Jim through the years, even 
after he left Washington and returned to Texas; and following his recovery from sur-gery, I gave him a call one day, and he in-vited me to come to Fort Worth. So my son and I—Alex, who is here—with his sister Ash-ley, who came to TCU at a later time, boarded our plane and came to DFW. At those days, Jim was driving, and so he met us at the airport. I’d never been outside of DFW before, so I didn’t know what to expect. 
And so as we left the terminal, I noticed 
all of the concrete infrastructure that sup-ports the airport: the entrance ramps, the exit ramps, the overhead bridges, the long ride to the interstate. I never saw so much concrete in all my life. So I turned to Jim, who at one time, as most of you know, was chairman of the Public Works Committee, and I said to him, ‘‘Jim, how much money did the Public Works Committee spend on this airport?’’ And he looked at me and rolled his brow and lifted his big bushy eye-brows and he said to me, ‘‘Not a penny more than the law allowed.’’ 
Jim was probably one of the most success-
ful chairmen in Congress; and with that suc-cess, people encouraged him, and he ran for majority leader. As all of you probably fol-lowed in the news, it was a very contentious race, and on the day of the vote, I was ap-pointed to be a judge. And so after the votes were cast, I adjourned with the other mem-bers of the election group and counted the votes. We counted them twice, and Jim won by one vote. 
I got up from the chair in the Speaker’s 
lounge—the Speaker’s lobby, we call it— rushed through the door to the House Cham-ber, and Jim was sitting on the second row on the Democratic side in the Hall of the House. I rushed up to him and I said, ‘‘Jim, you won.’’ He was surprised because no one knew the outcome of that election. He looked at me, and he said, ‘‘Are you sure?’’ And I said, ‘‘Jim, I counted the votes, and if you hadn’t won, Phil Burton said he would send me to Alaska.’’ 
Following in the footsteps of Sam Rayburn 
and Lyndon Johnson, Jim asserted leader-ship in Congress at a time of confusion in the Senate and the White House, demonstrating a unique ability to command our Nation’s political resources to get things done. And this went across the aisle to the Republicans and even down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House, which is a million miles away 
if you serve in Congress sometimes. 
Jim Wright had fought in World War II to 
defend the values of the Greatest Genera-tion, as Tom Brokaw describes this genera-tion, a generation of men and women united in common purposes of family, country, duty, honor, courage, and service. During World War II, he flew many combat missions. I haven’t really been able to discern exactly how many yet because there’s such a debate over it. Maybe somebody will tell me before I go back to Washington. And he served as a bombardier and was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross for his bravery. 
Jim believed that government should serve 
the people as well as the economic interests, which also must be represented, and provide Federal assistance to communities and States like Arkansas, where I’m from. It’s in need of capital development in order to pro-vide infrastructure to try to attract industry and jobs for our people. That was, in his view, providing building blocks for the foun-dation of the economic development that benefits all of us. All you’ve got to do is look around in Texas a little bit to find out if it works. 
The criticism of Speaker Wright, which is 
in the news, instead of all of the accomplish-ments that we know he achieved, his strong leadership came from a changing Congress. Some of my former colleagues from Congress are here today, and they know what I’m talking about. 
Beginning with the 1968 election, which 
was my first election to Congress, the ideals and values of the Greatest Generation began to evolve. A Congress run by Southern Democrats, who chaired mostly the impor-tant committees in the Congress, was gradu-ally replaced by a younger generation of Congressmen and Senators, many of them in the other party. And when he left Congress, even his political enemies often remarked that, had he stayed in Congress, he would have been the greatest Speaker since Henry Clay. 
His time as Speaker laid down historic 
markers. He was the last great figure in Con-gress to keep alive the idea of development— that came from the New Deal—that would help our economy. 
After him came what we call Reaganomics 
and the tidal wave of polarization of our two political parties and the continuing mindless cannibalism which we can still see evident today between the parties and even in the parties in Congress. 
Criticism of Speaker Wright’s forceful 
leadership came from Republicans and Democrats alike; although, at the time he stepped down, the principal antagonists came from within our own party. I was there, and I know who they are. 
What followed was a profound change in 
the power structure in Congress, shifting away from the power and authority lodged in a handful of key Southern committee chair-men to a dispersion of power among prolifer-ating committees and subcommittees, en-couraging intensifying rivalries and even po-litical fratricides throughout the House. His departure marked the end of an era when Southern Democrats dominated in both the House and the Senate, along with a gradual evolution of the Congress toward social issues. 
It marked the transition from Southern 
leadership of Congress to a growing con-centration of power of the Democratic Party in our Nation’s biggest cities, many of them in the North, opening a widening rift be-tween our Nation’s small towns and rural areas and the political interests of the inner cities. The way was opened for lobbyists to shift attention away from schools and roads and bridges and water systems that helped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.002 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E685 May 13, 2015 
our people to special interests of Wall Street 
banks and a commercial agenda. 
A fluent speaker of Spanish, he took the 
initiative to intervene in the political crisis in Nicaragua and crafted peace talks that laid the foundation for elections. When I as-sisted him in this so-called ‘‘junket,’’ in his endeavor I found that what we tried to do generated much consternation among Presi-dent Reagan’s White House staff. Later, an-other great Texan, James Baker, observed that what Jim Wright did with his interven-tion in Nicaragua turned the corner for that nation and helped the U.S. and Nicaragua to come to better terms with one another. 
Jim Wright was not only a master of the 
political structure and the rules in Congress, he also was an author, a professor. He lec-tured at Texas Christian University with ea-gerness to inspire and guide our Nation’s youth. 
In the tradition of Sam Houston and Sam 
Rayburn, Jim Wright was a giant. I was his chief deputy whip in the Congress, the worst job in the House of Representatives, but it was worth all the knocks and the cuts and the bruises and the criticism that I endured to fight for the values established by the Greatest Generation until the ideals were changed by a new breed of voter who believes that Washington is not a solution, rather, Washington is the problem. 
He was my dear friend, and I stood with 
him in every fight for the values that won World War II and provided the building blocks and foundation for the greatest econ-omy on Earth. 
God bless Jim Wright. (Mr. Paul Driskell, Special Assistant, Ma-
jority Leader James C. Wright, Jr.) 
Mr. Driskell: Martin, Bill, Betsy, Mike, 
Kenneth, Mr. Leader, Steny Hoyer—the one man in this sanctuary today who knows the full weight and measure and the responsibil-ities of the job this prince of peace executed so beautifully for so many years. Dear Steny, thank you for your presence today. How very, very special, how honored he would be, how much he would love this con-gregation today. This is a delegation of com-munity builders. 
Mr. Wright loved Sam Rayburn dearly, and 
he often quoted him; and of course many people wondered why Mr. Rayburn went back to Bonham, Texas, after announcing he was going to leave the House, and his answer was simple: 
Bonham, Texas: the people there know 
when you’re sick, and they care when you die. 
You have validated Jim Wright’s recita-
tion of that quote, all of you today, by hon-oring him in coming here. You knew he was ill, and you cared that he died. Oh, how he would celebrate you. Oh, how he must be en-joying this. He loved people of accomplish-ment. He loved people who contributed and built. 
Mr. Rayburn used to always say: A jackass 
can kick a barn down; it takes a carpenter to build one. It’s no accident that our Lord was fathered by a carpenter—and parented by a carpenter in his early years. 
I’d like to give you a sense of Speaker 
Wright, Jim Wright, and my friend. It may be very, very unique. And as I have thought about him so much and as I visited him in those final days, things came to me that I would have never imagined. He was, in fact, the first gifted multitasker. Now, if you know anything about Jim, he despised any-thing to do with technology, but he was a multitasker. Let me explain what I mean. 
February 7, 1985, 11 o’clock in the morning, 
after about 30 days, some of the people in this room—Tony, John—had been working diligently because Mr. O’Neill had told us privately he was going to retire. So we were trying to collect the requisite number of 
votes for him to become Speaker of the House 2 years out. 
February 7, 1985, 11 o’clock in the morning, 
a national press conference was held in the office that Steny Hoyer’s offices are in today. He met the national press. He was surrounded by his colleagues. He was sur-rounded by people who loved him and wished well for him, and he made the announcement that he had achieved the requisite number of votes to capture his dream, to be Speaker of the House. He put a peace, if you will, in a body that’s not given to peace easily about the next years and how things would follow. 
Fifteen minutes later, he grabbed me by 
the arm and escorted me and my wife, Donna, up the back stairs with 31 other peo-ple to the House Chaplain’s office where Chaplain Ford married us at Henry Clay’s desk, the great compromiser. And then, he walked back downstairs with us. We had a reception in the office. He pulled Donna and me aside and he said, ‘‘I only have two things to tell you two: Paul, always hold her hand, and never go to bed mad.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, sometimes you set the bar 
too high. I have removed pillows from my bed so as not to elevate the temptation for Donna to smother me. 
There are so many things privately that I 
loved about him and that we shared. He had a passionate love for boxing. He knew box-ing. He knew boxing like Nat Fleischer, the famous author who recorded almost every-thing of significance about American heavy-weight boxing. We went to a fight. We went to Golden Gloves. We went to the Olympic trials. We went to tons of professional fights. It was like going to that fight with Nat Fleischer, and he would be sitting there and he would be reciting to you the ring scores of the Firpo-Dempsey fight. He knew—every— every hobby and interest he had, he wanted to know everything there was to know about it. If you ever saw the roses that he cul-tivated, you’d understand that in spades. He was a gifted horticulturist. He was a great teacher. 
Kay, you and I sat just about where Steny 
was sitting 2 years ago, 2
1⁄2years ago, and 
you told me how he taught you and Ginger, Jenny and Lisa about God. In fact, he used a wagon wheel and said that was the universe and God was, indeed, the hub; and the spokes represented the people, and, of course, the rim, where all the damage and impact takes place, was the furthest from God. And he ad-monished you that it was your job, it was your responsibility, it was a testament of your faith to move closer down those spokes because you would be closer to more people, and as you were closer to more people, you’d be closer to God. What a gift. 
I’ve often wondered, and I think everyone 
in this sanctuary today wonders, why God lets us see certain things at certain times. It seems rather odd. Last week, just the day be-fore his passing and only a few days after my last visit with him, there was a documentary on about George Foreman. I happened to turn it on the other night. George Foreman, the famous heavyweight, struck fear and ter-ror in everyone’s heart—undefeated, knocked poor Joe Frazier down eight times. And the interviewer asked him a question. He said, ‘‘Who was the greatest champion of all time in your estimation?’’ And George Foreman didn’t hesitate. He said, ‘‘Muhammad Ali.’’ That stunned the interviewer. 
Muhammad Ali had defeated George Fore-
man in Zaire, Africa, and usually when a boxer loses to another one, it was a lucky punch or you’re just a little better that 
night, not the greatest champion that ever lived. He didn’t hesitate. He said, ‘‘Muham-mad Ali.’’ 
The interviewer said, ‘‘Why? Why do you 
choose him?’’ He said, ‘‘Well, if you saw the fight in the eighth round, he hit me twice in 
the face.’’ And if any of you remember or happened to have seen it, George Foreman began to cartwheel. He began to turn and fall to the floor. And as he was falling, Muham-mad Ali, as all boxers are trained all their life to do, cocked his arm to hit him with what is known as the ‘‘killing punch.’’ 
And George Foreman said, ‘‘I looked up 
out of my left eye, just partially conscious, knowing I was going to the floor, and he never threw that punch. So for me, he’s not the greatest champion that ever lived for the punches he threw; it’s for what he didn’t do. It’s the punch he didn’t throw.’’ 
And the very people who besmirched and 
impugned this prince of peace at the end of his public career, when they fell on hard times and they fell by the sword they had so recklessly wielded, not once in private—and certainly never in public—did Jim Wright throw that punch. He could not retaliate. He didn’t just talk Christian forgiveness; he lived it. His higher calling at that time was to find a way to inspire students at TCU to engage in public service and to think about the possibilities of what they could build, like the beautiful people in this room today. He didn’t throw that punch. 
I was 15 years old, standing in front of a 
black-and-white TV, and I watched Robert Kennedy say, ‘‘When he shall die, take him and cut him out into stars, and he shall make the face of Heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish Sun.’’ 
I didn’t know at 15 just what that meant. 
At 65, I marvel how Bobby Kennedy could have mustered the strength and the insight to say that about the brother he loved, in some ways his best friend, and, oh, by the way, in passing, the President of the United States. 
I understood because of this church and be-
cause of my association with him that all of us have a spark of divinity. We are all made in God’s image, and that spark is there, but what I didn’t understand was that there are a special few who possess a flame, a torch. It’s bigger. It’s more committed. It’s some-thing we can appreciate. It’s not necessarily something we readily understand. 
It’s not by accident that there’s an eternal 
flame that burns at John Kennedy’s grave and why, for all the accomplishments: the Peace Corps, the space program, all of those things—no. That’s part of it. That’s why mil-lions go there to pay respects. The part of it is that during the most sensitive time in our Nation’s history, when we were the closest to engaging in a nuclear holocaust, when every adviser that that President had was admon-ishing him to take advantage of the tactical and strategic position we occupied for those precious few days and strike Cuba with nu-clear weapons, he didn’t throw that punch. And we’re all breathing good air and loving our friends and conducting our lives because of that divine torch. 
The thing I think I will miss most is a pri-
vate passion that Jim had and I shared. He loved movies. The singular thing that we really appreciated together was we happened to think that Robert Duvall was the greatest American actor that’s ever lived. 
Jim’s favorite movie was ‘‘Tender Mer-
cies,’’ and my favorite film was ‘‘The Nat-ural.’’ And in ‘‘The Natural,’’ there’s a scene—of course, all the ladies in here know Robert Redford was the natural. He was Roy Hobbs, the gifted baseball player. Robert Duvall was the cynical sportswriter; Wilford Brimley was the crusty old coach. 
And there’s that beautiful soliloquy where 
the coach walks in and he says—I mean, par-don me, Robert Duvall walks in and says to the coach, ‘‘Coach, who is this Roy Hobbs?’’ And the coach turns on his heels and says, ‘‘I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.003 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E686 May 13, 2015 
don’t know who Roy Hobbs is. I just know 
he’s the best there is and the best there ever will be.’’ 
Jim Wright, you are the natural. There probably has never been a man in 
American history who I can recall that so eloquently used the English language. He helped those of us who only have sparks ap-preciate the flame with his application of our language. 
And it seems a shame that I can’t find 
words in my language to encompass all that he was, and yet he will always be. Only in Spanish: Vaya con Dios—go and be with God. Light of our land. Vaya con Dios, friend of my life. 
Congregational Hymn—‘‘This is My Song’’ Reverend Bruster: I invite you to hear now 
the words of the Apostle Paul from the first letter to the Corinthians, Chapter 13: 
‘‘If I speak in the tongues of mortals and of 
angels, but do not have love, I am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal. And if I have pro-phetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. If I give away all my pos-sessions, and if I hand over my body so that I may boast, but do not have love, I gain nothing. 
‘‘Love is patient; love is kind; love is not 
envious or boastful or arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irri-table or resentful; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing, but rejoices in truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. 
‘‘Love never ends.’’ And Paul ends that chapter with the 
words: 
‘‘And now faith, hope, and love abide, these 
three; and the greatest of these is love.’’ 
The words of Jesus in the Gospel of Luke, 
a sermon on the plain: 
‘‘But I say to you that listen, Love your 
enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who abuse you. If anyone strikes you on the cheek, offer the other also; and from anyone who takes away your coat, do not withhold even your shirt. Give to everyone who begs from you; and if anyone takes away your goods, do not ask for them again. Do to oth-ers as you would have them do to you. 
‘‘If you love those who love you, what cred-
it is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. If you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same. If you lend to those from whom you hope to receive, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, to receive as much again. But love your enemies, do good, and lend, expecting nothing in return. Your reward will be great, and you will be children of the Most High; for He is kind to the ungrateful and the wicked. Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.’’ 
Jim had a wonderful, quick wit as we all 
know. His responses to glowing introduc-tions illustrated that point. Two years ago, when Cissy Day was introducing him to a Sunday school class where he was about to speak, she told a story at the end of her in-troduction of something that he had done that was very kind and a note that he had written to her that was a kind note that she treasured. When he stood up then to speak, he looked over at her and he said, ‘‘Uh, I had forgotten how nice I used to be.’’ 
After a glowing introduction at another 
event, he said, ‘‘An event of this dimension is just terribly hard on one’s humility. Try as I might to look and sound humble, I just can’t quite pull it off.’’ 
And then he quoted Jesus: ‘‘Let your light 
so shine before others that they may see your good works and give glory to your Fa-ther who is in Heaven.’’ And he said, ‘‘You know, when I read that, 
I realized he doesn’t say, ‘Let your light so shine so that others may see your good works and think what a great guy.’’’ And then he went on to say, ‘‘The purpose of good works is not to get bragged on.’’ But then he said this: ‘‘But if I’m honest with you, I guess I’m going to have to let you in on a lit-tle personal confession. Being bragged on, I like it,’’ he said. ‘‘I eat it up.’’ 
And on another occasion, he said after an 
introduction, ‘‘Undeserved as though an in-troduction like that is, indeed I want you to know that I liked it. I liked every word of it.’’ 
And then he said, ‘‘There are two kinds of 
people who appreciate flattery: men and women.’’ 
So since Jim made that confession, I guess 
it’s okay that we tell of his good works and that we laud him. And I hope that he would appreciate that we do it not just pointing at Jim, but pointing at the source of all of that for Jim; pointing not just to Jim, but beyond to the legacy that he received from other people, and beyond Jim to his faith and his commitment to Christ that guided his life. 
He leaves a great legacy, and our words 
hold up those great attributes not to point just to Jim, but to also point to his faith and commitment and the One in whom he had faith and the One that he sought to follow, and also to see Jim’s life as an example to all of us. 
I want to think about that with you for 
just a few minutes. Jim was an encourager. As he sought to be a follower of Christ and as he put that into practice in his life, he knew the importance of encouragement. He was an encourager. 
In the book of Acts, we meet a man named 
Joseph. He was from Cyprus. But we don’t know him as Joseph. We almost never hear that. After his first introduction in the book of Acts, he’s known by his nickname, and his nickname was Barnabas. The disciples, the apostles, nicknamed him Barnabas because Barnabas means ‘‘son of encouragement.’’ He was an encourager. Imagine having your nickname mean one who encourages. We could call Jim that, a Barnabas, because he 
was. He was a son of encouragement. 
How many of us in this room, I wonder, 
have, in our possession, notes of encourage-ment from Jim Wright? I would guess a lot of us. Those notes arrived at a time of dis-couragement, perhaps, or a time of grief or a time of uncertainty or a time of failing con-fidence or a time of waning courage. A note of encouragement arrived at just the right time. 
What is the value of those notes? I was 
thinking about that and thought, you know, the law of supply and demand would say those notes are not worth anything at all; there are too many of them on the market. But the value of those notes goes far beyond that. They’re valued in a different way. One person told me that she had such a note in a plastic sleeve and carried it with her for a long time. 
What an encourager, not just the notes, 
but the right words spoken at the right mo-ment. 
We give thanks to God for Jim because Jim 
was a peacemaker, and we have heard our speakers talk eloquently about his peace-making efforts. He often quoted Jesus, again, from the Sermon on the Mount: Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called chil-dren of God. 
And he was a peacemaker. He was a man of 
strong convictions but yet able to see and to respect the perspective of another and to bring people together in ways that make for peace. He was, as a peacemaker, a child of God, as Jesus said. 
Now, peacemaking extended beyond what 
you may know about to his role as a parent. His daughters, Ginger and Kay, were fighting 
one time as sisters do, and Jim intervened as the peacemaker. And he made each one of them go to her room and write an essay, en-titled, ‘‘Why I Love My Sister.’’ And he held on to those essays for 30 years, and then he gave them back to the girls so they could read them. 
Kay wrote this: ‘‘Well, I suppose she’s nice. 
Her friends seem to like her.’’ 
Ginger wrote: ‘‘Well, she seems to like my 
clothes because she wears them all the time.’’ 
He closed the door after reading those es-
says and guffawed, as you can imagine. 
Ginger’s comment, when she was telling 
me about it, was, ‘‘And he thought the San-dinistas and Contras were tough.’’ 
Jim was a servant leader; we know that. 
His accomplishments were many. In serving his beloved Weatherford and his beloved Fort Worth and his beloved Nation, he was a serv-ant leader. Whether that was as a father, a grandfather, a great-grandfather, a soldier, a State legislator, a Scout master, a golden gloves boxing coach, a Sunday school teach-er, a church leader, a mayor, a Congressman, a majority leader, a Speaker of the House, a teacher, or a friend, he was a servant lead-er—again, following the words of Jesus that we are to be servants of one another if we’re ever to be called great. 
His life was committed to compassion and 
justice. I read those wonderful words from Micah a moment ago. Micah was writing to a nation, to his people, who had lost their way, who had lost sight of that which was 
most important. They had the right words. They had the right rituals. But Micah wrote that that was all empty and reminded them of what was most important that they should have known already. 
He said, ‘‘What has he told you, O mortal, 
but what is good, and what does the Lord re-quire of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God.’’ 
On so many occasions, I saw Jim share his 
faith; I saw Jim share his values, heard him speak in this pulpit. A number of years ago— I think it was in 2006—my wife, Susan, who was working at William James Middle School as academic coordinator, shared that with Jim, and he said, ‘‘I used to go to Wil-liam James Middle School.’’ And she invited him then to come and speak to the students, and she had Jim Wright Day, and he spent most of the day at the school. And he talked 
with those students, and he had a reception in the library where he shared with them. 
There was a big assembly in the audito-
rium, and it’s one of those old classic schools with a big auditorium, a balcony in the back, and it was packed with middle school kids. And I couldn’t believe my eyes and my ears when he spoke to them. You could hear a pin drop. He was a master. 
And he shared with those kids the story of 
the Good Samaritan. I remember how he started into that. He said, ‘‘There are a lot of different beliefs.’’ He said, ‘‘There is a man who lived a long time ago. His name was Jesus. He was a very good man, and a lot of different people believed a lot of different things about him. But he told some stories that taught some important values, and ev-erybody agrees on that,’’ he said. 
He told the story of the Good Samaritan. 
You know the story. The man is beaten and robbed, lying on the side of the road. Along come two people who pass by on the other side, and then comes the Samaritan who is the outsider in the story, and he’s the one who helps the man. And I remember Jim said to those kids, ‘‘This illustrates really three philosophies of life, the three ways of ap-proaching life.’’ 
He said, ‘‘There is the philosophy of the 
thieves, and their philosophy is what’s yours 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.004 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E687 May 13, 2015 
is mine, and I’ll take it.’’ He said, ‘‘That phi-
losophy still lives in attacking others and cheating people and greedy business prac-tices and being envious of others and what-ever belittles or injures or degrades another person. It’s not always physically violent,’’ he said. He said, ‘‘We rob others by slander or gossip when we injure their reputations.’’ 
And he said, ‘‘The second philosophy is 
that of the two men who saw the wounded man but offered no help.’’ He said, ‘‘Their central operating principle is what is mine is all mine, and I’ll keep it for myself.’’ He said, ‘‘That’s less violent, but in its own way it’s as selfish as the first.’’ He said, ‘‘We can come up with all kinds of excuses to justify not helping those injured along life’s high-way. We deceive ourselves and ignore their suffering by saying that they’re not our re-sponsibility.’’ 
Then he said, ‘‘Then there’s the Samari-
tan. This was Jesus’ model for humanity. He was a stranger and a child of another reli-gious heritage, but he extended himself free-ly to help one in need. And his philosophy is what’s mine is yours if you need it, and I’ll share it with you.’’ 
And then he said, ‘‘Jesus told that story in 
answer to a question. The question was, Who is my neighbor?’’ And then he told those kids, ‘‘There are these three philosophies of life, and there’s only one that makes the world a better place. There’s only one that makes your relationships better, and it’s that of the Samaritan. And we each can choose how we live.’’ 
Now, that illustrates so much how Jim 
lived and how he wanted to pass on that leg-acy to those who came after him. 
Much has been spoken about his ability to 
forgive, and I cannot but think, as we medi-tate on those words of Jesus, the words of Paul about love, Jesus’ words about forgive-ness, and I can’t help but think of the quote that he often gave from Abraham Lincoln. 
Someone once asked Lincoln if he believed 
in destroying his enemies, and Lincoln re-plied, ‘‘Of course, I would like to destroy my enemies because I’ve never wanted enemies. The only way I know satisfactorily to de-stroy an enemy is to convert him to a friend.’’ 
The Fetzer Institute has done a lot of re-
search on forgiveness, and they define it in a way that I think is so meaningful, and that is, forgiveness is the difficult, intentional process of letting go of an old reality and opening up one’s self to a new one. And Jim lived that difficult, intentional process of being able to let go of an old reality and opening up and living a new one. 
One friend emailed me and said, ‘‘He was 
the poster child for amazing grace.’’ 
That’s the legacy that we celebrate today, 
and there’s so much more that could be said. The challenge for all of us today was how do we winnow it down. But you know what? You carry those stories of Jim; you carry those memories; you carry that legacy. Share it; share it with one another; and do your best. Let us all do our best to live it—to live it. 
In the obituary that you were handed as 
you came in, there is a favorite quote of his from Horace Greeley: 
‘‘Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, 
riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow. Only one thing en-dures—character.’’ 
Well done, Jim Wright, good and faithful 
servant. Let’s pray. 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for the 
hope that faith in You gives. For all Your people who have laid hold on that hope, espe-cially we thank You for Your faithful serv-ant Jim Wright. We thank You for all Your goodness to him and for everything in his life that was a reflection of Your love and Your grace. We give You thanks for his faith, for his love for and his commitment to You 
and to his family and to his friends, to his Nation. 
We give You thanks for his kindness, his 
passion for justice, his courage, and his strength of character. Loving God, hold us and all who mourn in Your love, and comfort this loving family and comfort us, his friends. Help us all to be ever mindful of Your sustaining presence. 
We offer a prayer in the name of Jesus. 
Amen. In just a few moments, the family will 
process out, and you’re invited to Wesley Hall, which is across the garden in that adja-cent part of the building, for a reception with the family. Please note the instructions that are on the back of your bulletin, and I invite you to please remain seated, if you will, until the ushers direct you. 
Ginger shared with me one of her favorite 
memories of opening of the Presidential dis-play, the new Presidential display in the early 1990s, a room turned into a replica of LBJ’s office there in Austin. There was an antique pump organ there signed by all the Members of Congress, and Jake Pickle sat down at the organ and started playing a hymn. And the congressional Members and former Members there started singing the hymn, and it’s the hymn that we’re going to sing in just a moment after Jim’s great- grandchildren give us our benediction. 
A benediction isn’t really a prayer. It can 
be a prayer of course, but traditionally, it is not. The word ‘‘benediction’’ literally means ‘‘a good word.’’ The great-grandchildren, led by the oldest, Campbell, will give us their good word. 
Will you come now. (Campbell Brown, Jim Wright’s great- 
granddaughter, and Jim Wright’s great- grandchildren) 
Miss Brown: Hi, my name is Campbell 
Brown. Everyone on stage with me is a great-grandchild of Jim Wright or, as we like to call him, ‘‘Great Pop.’’ 
None of us were born when he was in Con-
gress, but we all knew his love for this great country, especially Fort Worth. We are told by many people that he often said, ‘‘I want to make the world a better place for my chil-dren, their children, and their children’s children.’’ Well, that’s us. Next to me are the children of the grandchildren. We are the next generation. 
We would like to ask you to honor our 
Great Pop for the rest of the day by thinking about how you can make the world a better place. As you walk out of the church and for the rest of today, think about peace, not war; think about abundance, not scarcity; think about love, not hate, and hope, not de-spair. 
Please help us lift Great Pop to his next 
roll call by singing the final hymn. 
Thank y’all for coming today. Congregational Hymn—‘‘When the Roll is 
Called Up Yonder’’ 
Recessional—‘‘For All the Saints’’ 
f 
HONORING NEW HOPE FIRST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable church, New Hope First Baptist Church. 
In the year 1878, Rev. G.W. Gayles, a trav-
eling missionary became pastor of the Mt. Horeb Missionary Baptist Church after the dis-missal of Rev. H.M. McIntyre. Although his 
pastorship was that of outstanding achieve-ments in the church, there arose feelings of rebellion. Eventually, Rev. Gayles with some of his deacons were disbarred from the church. Out of this band of members was born the now New Hope First Baptist Church. 
The first modern day pastor of the New 
Hope First Baptist Church was Rev. H.H. Humes who began pastoring the Church in 1927. Rev. Humes began a long tenure in 1927 which lasted until 1941. During the pe-riod of Rev. Humes’ tenure in 1940 the church was completely torn down and rebuilt. Earlier the first floor was completely remodeled after the 1927 Flood. The structure completed in 1940 remained the home of New Hope First Baptist Church congregation until 1977. Rev. Humes left the church in 1941 only to return again as the pastor in 1954 and remained in that position until his death in January of 1958. 
In 1954, New Hope First Baptist Church 
began its long relationship with Rev. J.M. Kimble. Rev. Kimble served from 1958 until July of 1969. With his sweet spirit and general manners, Rev. Kimble typified the Christian spirit by his continued visits to the sick in homes and in hospitals. When Rev. Kimble initially left New Hope First Baptist Church in July of 1969, he was followed by Rev. Albert Jenkins who came in the autumn of 1969 and remained pastor until the early part of 1971. 
During Rev. Kimble’s first tenure as pastor, 
the church purchased additional land and property on the corner of Theobald and Nel-son Streets. At that time the Trustees included Constance W. Watson, Herbert Caver, Joe Hillard and Jessis Winters. 
Rev. Kimble returned to New Hope in the 
early part of 1971 and is presently the pastor. He, like those who preceded him, again took up the challenge of a progressive and asser-tive Christian force in Greenville. The progress of the church was remarkable as exemplified by the newly constructed building which was made available for services in May of 1978. 
The Sunday School, Bible Class, Christian 
Education, N.B.C., Ushers, Deaconess Broad, Deacons, Pastor’s Aid Club, Senior Mission, J.M.A., Red Circle, Choirs, and Trustee Boards have played an important part in the growth and development of this church. 
On January 1, 1987, New Hope started 
commencing full-time service. In recognition of the same, Pastor Kimble and all other New Hopers are very, very grateful to God and the members of the organizational structure com-mittee for having made a giant step toward providing opportunities for all members of New Hope First Baptist Church to become involved in the church’s total program. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing New Hope First Baptist Church for its longevity and dedication to serving oth-ers. 
f 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.005 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E688 May 13, 2015 
consideration the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve 
existing rights and responsibilities with re-spect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes: 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today to express my strong opposition to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. This harmful legislation undermines the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army Corps of Engineers’ ability to regulate and pro-tect our wetlands and streams, and it is an as-sault on the Clean Water Act. 
H.R. 1732 would block the EPA’s current 
Clean Water rulemaking, forcing the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers to go back to the drawing board and start over with the process, undermining years of work undertaken by agencies, businesses, and numerous other stakeholders. Every American deserves to have access to clean water, and the proposed Clean Water rules, under the Clean Water Act, would safeguard the drinking water of more than 117 million people who currently rely on streams lacking clear protection. The EPA has acted to protect America’s waters under the Act before, and it is an outrage that House Republicans are blocking the EPA and Army Corps from doing the same now. Americans and businesses deserve certainty and under-standing regarding which waterways are cov-ered by the Clean Water Act, and H.R. 1732 would only lead to more confusion. 
The EPA engaged in extensive public out-
reach and received hundreds of thousands of public comments on the proposed Rule, and the Rule is built upon peer-reviewed science. At the very least, the public deserves to see the final rule before Congress decides to block it. Congress should let the EPA and the Army Corps do their jobs and protect America’s small streams and wetlands from pollution. I oppose this legislation. 
f 
HONORING JANICE BARLOW 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Janice Barlow, who officially retired on May 7, 2015, from her position as the Ex-ecutive Director of Zero Breast Cancer. For the past fifteen years, Zero Breast Cancer has thrived under Ms. Barlow’s leadership, growing beyond the local grassroots to become a re-gionally and nationally recognized model for communities interested in prevention and elimination of breast cancer. 
Janice Barlow has skillfully guided Zero 
Breast Cancer’s development by actively en-gaging the local community and continuously pursuing research partnerships and opportuni-ties. Over the past 15 years, Janice Barlow has helped Zero Breast Cancer adopt innova-tive technologies and outreach strategies to engage new demographics and increased rev-enue despite the recent economic downturn. During this time, Ms. Barlow also personally co-authored two groundbreaking reports: The California Breast Cancer Mapping Project: Identifying Areas of Concern in California and Breast Cancer and the Environment: Prioritizing Prevention. 
Under Janice Barlow’s leadership, Zero 
Breast Cancer has successfully partnered with senior academic scientists on more than a 
dozen research grants, bringing over 20 mil-lion research dollars to Marin County and the greater San Francisco Bay Area. Ms. Barlow has been a particularly strong advocate for in-creased funding for breast cancer prevention research, which currently comprises only a small portion of overall breast cancer funding. Zero Breast Cancer is a national leader in supporting research on the role of environ-mental risk factors behind breast cancer and continues to advocate for research that spe-cifically investigates prevalence of breast can-cer in Marin County and the Bay Area. By helping to lead a study that investigated the relationship between pubertal development and breast cancer, Ms. Barlow paved the way for breakthrough science focused on youth. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor and 
thank Janice Barlow for her years of dedicated service to the people of Marin County and the extended Bay Area community, and for her advocacy on behalf of all whose lives have been impacted by breast cancer. On behalf of the many individuals and organizations she has served, I am privileged to express our deep appreciation to Ms. Janice Barlow for her exemplary leadership, and convey our best wishes as she pursues new endeavors. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. 
JAMES ECONOMOS 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of my dear friend and lifetime Warren, Ohio resident Mr. James Economos. Mr. Economos was highly regarded within the Warren community for his passion for local businesses, community service, and his un-wavering dedication to both the Warren G. Harding High School Football Team and the Ohio State Buckeyes. 
Mr. Economos was born in Warren, Ohio in 
1938 and dedicated his life to his family, his church, and his family business. He was a proud graduate of the Warren G. Harding High School and Youngstown State University. Mr. Economos joined the United States Army in 1960 and after nine hard years of commend-able service, he was honorably discharged with the rank of Captain in 1969. 
He married Joan Pompos in May of 1961 
and the two were happily married for thirty- three years until her passing in 1995. From 1960 until his passing, Mr. Economos was the owner of Saratoga Restaurant and Catering in Warren, Ohio. His family purchased the busi-ness back in 1935. And next year Saratoga Restaurant and Catering will be celebrating its 100th anniversary. 
In addition to building a successful busi-
ness, Mr. Economos was very active in his local church and community. He was a mem-ber of Parish Council and served three terms as president of the church council at St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church in Warren. 
James’s service to our country, his dedica-
tion to his business, his love for family and friends, and his passion for the Warren G. Harding High School Football Team and the Ohio State Buckeyes, all demonstrate the qualities that made him so special to us. James’s life and legacy contribute to Warren 
being a better place to live and call home. He is survived by his sisters Dorian, Chrisi, and Jennifer; his son, Eric; his sister Demetra; and four wonderful grandchildren. James was a beloved part of the Warren community and he will be deeply missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 946TH FORWARD 
SURGICAL TEAM 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and honor the 946th Forward Sur-gical Team as they prepare for their next de-ployment. 
The 946th was constituted on January 23, 
1997 and activated at Fort James H. Wright Reserve Center in Mobile, Alabama. The unit began with six officers and six enlisted sol-diers. The 946th has been deployed into ac-tive theater in Afghanistan on multiple occa-sions. The 946th has attended multiple train-ing programs and has received several acco-lades, including recognition as an ‘‘outstanding unit’’ during Joint Thunder in 2007. 
During their deployments, they withstood 
multiple mortar attacks while supporting major combat missions. While providing medical cov-erage during combat operations, the 946th performed everything from appendectomies to amputations to open-heart surgery related to trauma. During one deployment, the unit treat-ed over 500 patient traumas, 380 surgical pa-tients, oversaw the conduction of 750 x-rays and laboratory procedures, and coordinated over 300 MEDEVAC transfers. 
In April of 2012, Major Forrest L. Neese as-
sumed command of the 946th. In March of 2014, the 946th received honors for its role in WAREX 2014 at Fort McCoy in Wisconsin. 
Mr. Speaker, as the 946th prepares to de-
ploy in support of Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel, I want to applaud them for their commit-ment and service to our nation. They provide such a unique and critical role in supporting our men and women who are working to pre-serve democracy in a very dangerous part of the world. 
So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congres-
sional District, I wish them safe travels in their deployment and I ask God to bless the 946th, their families, and all those who serve our great nation. 
f 
HONORING POLICE SERGEANT 
CARL D. PILCHER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the service of Sergeant Carl Pilcher, a man who has truly devoted himself to public service. Carl was hired as a Police Officer by the Fairfield Police Department on April 11, 1988 and over the duration of his career worked in various capacities which included: Field Training, Patrol, Special Operations, Special Activity Felony Enforcement (SAFE) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY8.001 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E689 May 13, 2015 
Team, and Youth Services. On December 31, 
1999 he was promoted to Police Corporal where he served in the Patrol Bureau for two years before being promoted to Police Ser-geant on December 28, 2001. 
As a Police Sergeant, Carl supervised the 
Youth Services Unit, investigators in the Major Crimes Unit, and several Patrol teams. Most recently, Sergeant Pilcher spent the past four years running the Personnel and Training Unit, where he ensured the Fairfield Police Depart-ment upheld the highest standards in the re-cruitment, hiring and training of the next gen-eration of law enforcement Officers. 
Sergeant Pilcher is a skilled team leader 
who has received numerous commendations including an Exceptional Performance Citation for his decisive and exemplary leadership. He has been a valued public servant where his hard work and commitment to the community have made him a model representative of the law enforcement community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING UNIVERSITY OF 
CENTRAL FLORIDA STUDENTS 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to congratulate the University of Cen-tral Florida for winning their second national title at the 2015 National Collegiate Cyber De-fense Competition (NCCDC). Presented in partnership with Raytheon Company and orga-nized by the Center for Infrastructure Assur-ance and Security (CIAS) at the University of Texas, the NCCDC held April 24–26 in San Antonio, Texas featured finalists from 10 re-gional competitions nationwide. 
The NCCDC, started in 2005 to increase in-
terest in the cyber security field, was the first national cyber security competition designed to test how well college students operate and protect a corporate network infrastructure. Uti-lizing real world scenarios, students must se-cure and defend the network infrastructure and business information systems. In addition to scoring the highest in the competition and winning their second NCCDC Alamo Cup, the University of Central Florida team, on behalf of Raytheon, will be coming to Washington, D.C. this summer to visit some of our nation’s pre-mier national security sites. 
Again, congratulations to the University of 
Central Florida team for bringing home their second NCCDC national title and establishing the University of Central Florida as a leader in cyber security. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
AARON DUNN ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACAD-EMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that 
Aaron Dunn of Toledo, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. 
Aaron’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Aaron brings an enormous amount of lead-
ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Toledo Chris-tian School in Toledo, Ohio, Aaron was a member of the National Honor Society and Honor Roll. He also played in the marching band, was a class representative and student council member. 
Throughout high school, Aaron was a mem-
ber of his school’s cross country, baseball and basketball teams, earning varsity letters in cross country and baseball. I am confident that Aaron will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Aaron Dunn on the offer of his appointment to the United States Naval Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Aaron will excel during his ca-reer at the Naval Academy, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR ANDY SHIELDS 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Major Andy Shields, Chief Deputy of the Macon County Sheriff’s office, who will re-tire on June 30, 2015. 
Major Shields began serving as a patrol offi-
cer in Macon County on March 1, 1984, where he was promoted to Sergeant just two years later in 1986. In January of 1990, he began his work as an investigator, serving as the only detective in the Sheriff’s office for several years. As more investigators joined the force, Major Shields’ leadership as Chief Investigator was instrumental in maintaining a standard of excellence in Macon County law enforcement. After serving overseas with the United Nations Peacekeeping force in Kosovo for two years, Major Shields returned to the Macon County Sheriff’s Office in September 2001, where he was eventually promoted to Chief Deputy and has remained in that position since. His train-ing and experience has proven to be exem-plary throughout his career. Upon his retire-ment, Major Shields will be the first employee of the Macon County Sheriff’s Office to retire with a full thirty years of service. 
Major Shields’ unwavering dedication and 
leadership is something that all of us can ad-mire and respect. As such, I am proud to honor Major Andy Shields for his faithful serv-ice to the people of Macon County and con-gratulate him on his retirement. PEARLAND FFA STATE TITLE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Turner College and Career High School’s (TCCHS) horse judging team who re-cently claimed the first-ever state title for Pearland Future Farmers of America (FFA). 
The team comprised of Rachel Golla, Jes-
sica Harper, Andrea Skweres, and Evann Wehman, competed against 72 other teams at the State Horse Judging Career Development Event. The teammates evaluated and ranked four horses in eight classes. After evaluating the horses, the team answered a series of questions. Their knowledge of appearance, breed characteristics, and athletic ability were really put to the test. This is a great victory for their veterinary science teacher, Jessica Koetting, and the rest of TCCHS. We are ex-cited to see you represent Texas this October in the national competition. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to the TCCHS horse judging team for bringing home a state title for Pearland FFA. You have made your commu-nity proud. 
f 
HONORING DR. DAVID MATTHEWS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the late Dr. David Matthews. A native of Indianola, Mississippi, Dr. Matthews left an impact on all whom he encountered through his work as a pastor, teacher, and elected official. 
A World War II Veteran, Matthews returned 
to Indianola Colored High School in 1946 to complete his high school diploma. Upon com-pletion of his diploma, Dr. Matthews com-pleted his studies at Morehouse College in 1950, and continued his studies at the Atlanta University, Memphis Theological Seminary, Delta State University, and Reformed Theo-logical Seminary. 
Matthews served as pastor at Bell Grove 
Missionary Baptist Church and Stranger’s Home Missionary Baptist Church in 1958, where he served until his death. Matthews also worked as a teacher for thirty-three years. He also served as the first Black Democratic Election Commissioner for Sunflower County, first Black Deputy Chancery Clerk of Sun-flower County, first Black Honorary Deputy Sheriff and an original member of Indianola’s biracial committee formed during the Civil Rights Era. He also served on the Governor’s Commission of Mississippi. 
Dr. Matthews received his honorary Doc-
torate of Divinity from Natchez College, Doc-torate of Humanities from Mississippi Industrial College and Doctorate of Divinity from Morris Booker College. On April 15, he left behind a loving and devoted wife of 64 years, Lillian, one daughter, and five grandchildren. Dr. David Matthews spent the entirety of his life serving others for the benefit of his greater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY8.005 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E690 May 13, 2015 
community. He is one of the finest Mississip-
pians, and he will be missed. 
f 
COMMENDATION FOR THE LIFE OF 
CALVIN PEETE 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the life and work of Calvin Peete. Mr. Peete was one of the most successful black professionals in the history of the PGA. Mr. Peete won 12 PGA tournaments over a 25-year career on the tour that began in 1976, and continued on the Champions Tour until 2001. His most successful year was 1982, when he won four tournaments. 
Calvin did not begin playing golf until he 
was in his 20s, but immediately excelled at a game most pros learn as young children. He learned the game while peddling goods to mi-grant workers in Rochester, New York, playing on the public course at Genesee Valley Park. He was in the top 10 of the Official World Golf Ranking for several weeks when they debuted in 1986. He was the leader in driving accuracy for 10 straight years. This is even more in-credible due to the fact that he could not straighten his left arm. 
In addition to his playing accomplishments, 
Mr. Peete supported The First Tee and junior golf in Jacksonville, in addition to other char-ities. 
Mr. Peete passed away after a long battle 
with lung cancer on April 29, 2015. He was exemplary as a golfer and even more as a person. Throughout his life, he displayed grit and determination in relentless pursuit of his goals. Calvin is survived by his wife, Pepper, and seven children. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
MARY BAHR ON HER OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Mary Bahr of Waterville, Ohio has been of-fered an appointment to the United States Mili-tary Academy in West Point, New York. 
Mary’s offer of appointment poises her to at-
tend the United States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Mary brings an enormous amount of leader-
ship, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Anthony Wayne High School in Whitehouse, Ohio, Mary was a member of the National Honor Society, Honor Roll, and received scholastic 
honors. In addition, she was actively involved in her church choir and youth group. 
Throughout high school, Mary was a mem-
ber of her school’s cross country and basket-ball teams, earning her varsity letters in each. I am confident that Mary will carry the lessons of her student and athletic leadership to the Military Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Mary Bahr on the offer of her appointment to the United States Military Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Mary will excel during her ca-reer at the Military Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to the Nation. 
f 
HONORING 22 TEACHERS OF THE 
GREATER BOCA RATON AREA AWARDED TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the 22 outstanding teachers from my district who have been awarded the Teacher of the Year award from the Rotary Club of Boca Raton Sunrise. These exemplary teach-ers continue to make a profound impact on our students through their caring, commitment, and professionalism. They are a cohort de-fined by integrity, excellence, and the highest marks in all they do. 
For the past 28 years, the Rotary Club of 
Boca Raton Sunrise has offered this annual distinction to a teacher at each of the 22 schools in the Greater Boca Raton area. Each awardee is selected by his or her school’s principal. These teachers have dedicated themselves to inspiring and empowering the next generation of young South Floridians. The amount of time and effort these individ-uals have expended for the betterment of their community is truly admirable and exhibits a level of passion worthy of recognition. 
Congratulations to Chris Amico, Jonathan 
Benskin, Charisse Cason, Katie Delucia, Lisa Drescher, Lori Eaton, Dawn Esposito, Jennifer Hammer, Alicia Kaucher, Alexandra Laing, Courtney Lockhart, Ana Millet, Suzette Milu, Charna Rosenfeld, Beth Rubin, Denise Rudy, Jane Simonsen, Doris Vaillancourt-Milano, Kristy Verzaal, Lori Vetter, Cheryl Walling, and Ellen Winikoff on receiving this year’s Teacher of the Year Award. I am happy to honor them, and I know that they will continue to inspire South Floridians to live by their example. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD ‘‘DANNY’’ 
DANIELSON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Donald ‘‘Danny’’ Dan-ielson, a devoted family man, respected Hoo-sier business leader, military veteran and long-
time philanthropist. Danny leaves behind his three daughters and eight grandchildren and was preceded in death by his wife of more than six decades, Patricia. 
Danny attended Indiana University and 
graduated with a bachelor’s degree in edu-cation in 1942. But, instead of launching a ca-reer in education, Danny decided to enlist in the U.S. Navy, right in the middle of World War II. He served in both the Pacific and At-lantic Theaters until 1946, when he was dis-charged with the rank of Lieutenant. 
After his service in the military, Danny was 
invited to attend training camp with the Brook-lyn Dodgers, but instead, he took a different route. He worked for the Alumni Association at IU for a while before starting his career at City Securities in 1976. By 1981, Danny was elect-ed Vice Chairman of the board there. 
Although busy in his professional and per-
sonal life, Danny was a big believer in the im-portance of community service and giving back. He spent a lot of his time and money working to make Henry County and the state of Indiana a better place for its residents. He and his wife led the effort to relocate the Indi-ana Basketball Hall of Fame to New Castle in 1990, and they also championed for the devel-opment of the new Henry County YMCA in 2003. Danny also served on the IU board of trustees for many years and donated $1.3 mil-lion to the Indiana University School of Medi-cine. He was also chairman of the Walther Cancer Foundation for a time, chaired the Fel-lowship of Christian Athletes’ national board, and served as a director of New Castle’s Americana Bancorp. 
Because of his outstanding leadership and 
service to his community, Danny received the Sachem award in 2009, which is the highest honor given by the great state of Indiana. He also received the prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash award and was named a ‘‘Living Leg-end’’ by the Indiana Historical Society in 2014. 
Danny was also my friend. I will always be 
grateful for the encouragement and support he gave me early in my political career. And, I know the city of New Castle and the State of Indiana will always be grateful for his selfless contributions. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of 
Danny Danielson. My thoughts and prayers go out to Danny’s family, and may God comfort those he left behind with his peace and strength. 
f 
HONORING THE MARSHALL CHRIS-
TIAN ACADEMY TCAL 1A STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONS 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pride to come before you in acknowledgement of the exceptional performance of the Marshall Christian Academy Guardians varsity boys basketball team, who recently claimed the 2015 Texas Christian Athletic League 1A state title. This achievement makes this the third consecutive season that the Guardians have dominated the state championship. 
Marshall Christian Academy began its play-
off performance with an impressive display of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.009 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E691 May 13, 2015 
athletic prowess. The Guardians’ first game of 
the 2015 playoffs resulted in a win over Hum-ble Christian School with an astounding score of 80–51. This victory gave the Guardians new energy and inspiration which would carry them victoriously through the two remaining playoff games. 
The second playoff game proved to be a dif-
ficult obstacle for the Guardians, who were challenged by their 2014 rivals and toughest opponents from Stephenville Faith High School. The score remained close until the final moments of the game. In the last minute of the game, the Guardians proved their com-mitment and skill by scoring and winning the game with a final score of 52–46. This hard- won victory earned the Guardians a spot in the final playoff game. 
The Guardians began the final playoff game 
confident in both the team’s ability and as indi-vidual team members. The championship game pitted the Guardians against the San Antonio Sunnybrook Lions. Working together, the Guardians were able to effectively outscore the Lions, and ultimately, Marshall Christian completed the quest for a third straight state championship title with a score of 61–53. 
The skilled and committed players who 
worked so diligently to earn this esteemed honor were David Florence, Dylan Alford, Ste-phen Florence, Andrew Stokell, Ryan Stokell, Jordan Sammons, Dawson Rapsilver, Jairus Allen, Joshua Florence, William Hency, Mat-thew Stokell, and Caleb Beesinger. In addition to playing on the state champion team, four players were selected for the All-Tournament Team, and the Guardians were able to count the Tournament MVP within its ranks. Also, the team was honored to have three of its players selected for the All-Star Team. 
The coaches and staff who led this accom-
plished team to victory were Head Coach Jeff Arrington, Assistant Coach James Allen, As-sistant Coach Robert Stokell, High School Principal Duane Shultz, Junior High School Principal Raymond Bade, along with Athletic Director and Elementary Principal Guy Barr III. 
The Guardians’ success has been attributed 
to their exceptional ability to work as a cohe-sive unit, and through an incredible display of this teamwork combined with the team’s expe-rience and passion, the Guardians prevailed over their skilled opponents and ultimately fin-ished the season with an outstanding record of 22–6. 
Please join me and all of the First District of 
Texas in congratulating the achievements of the Marshall Christian Academy Guardians. This exceptional illustration of teamwork and sportsmanship should be praised and emu-lated. It is a distinct honor to share the story and example of these outstanding young men, a story which is now recorded in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD which will endure as long 
as there is a United States of America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, due to air-
plane equipment problems, I was unavoidably detained and I missed the following votes: Roll Call Vote No. 216, passage of H.R. 
606, the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Roll Call Vote No. 217, on agreeing to the 
Edwards Amendment to H.R. 1732. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Roll Call vote No. 219, passage of H.R. 
1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Roll Call Vote No. 220, passage of H.R. 
2146, the Defending Public Safety Employees Retirement Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO RE-
MOVE THE RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN LAND TRANSFERRED TO ROCKINGHAM COUNTY, VIR-GINIA 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to in-
troduce legislation to transfer land from the U.S. Department of Interior to Rockingham County, Virginia. For over 25 years, Rocking-ham County, Virginia has managed a small area of land in my congressional district as if it belonged to the County to meet the needs of the community and serve the public good. Although this land was already transferred from the Federal Government to the County, it was not done effectively. This legislation will fi-nalize the efforts of a previous Congress and fully transfer this land to the County, while continuing to meet public needs. 
Since 1989, a little over 3 acres of land and 
its associated buildings, previously wholly held by the Federal Government, have been main-tained by Rockingham County and the Plains Area Daycare Center. In that year, the Depart-ment of the Interior deeded this land, which it no longer used, to Rockingham County for public good. 
Prior to this official declaration, Rockingham 
County had already been maintaining the lands around the facility. The land and building had been used as a garage and maintenance facility for the National Forest Service. How-ever, it was no longer being utilized, and the County was performing upkeep on the land. 
PL 101–479 was approved in the 101st 
Congress to allow the buildings on this land to be used for the particular use of a non-profit day care that serves the County. Unfortu-nately, because of the narrow way Public Law 101–479 was drafted, any extension or main-tenance of the physical structures has re-quired approval by the Department of the Inte-rior. Given that the building is used for a child care facility, this impedes the ability of the day care to move efficiently to make any nec-essary upgrades. The building is currently in need of repairs; however, because of the terms of the deed, the daycare center has been unable to get a loan to complete the needed renovations. 
To be clear, the center and the playground 
are the sole reason that this previously aban-doned government land is being used by the public today. The Federal Government no longer has a vested interest in the land. Mr. Speaker, my legislation, which was ap-
proved by the House of Representatives in nearly a unanimous manner in the 113th Con-gress as H.R. 5162, is a simple formality. I have been pleased to visit the Plains Area Daycare Center on many occasions. By pass-ing this legislation and allowing Rockingham County more authority over the land, it will en-sure that more children and more of the com-munity will be served by this land. 
I urge swift consideration of this bill in the 
114th Congress. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF MI-
CHAEL GRINDLE ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Michael Grindle of Holland, Ohio has been of-fered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. 
Michael’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. 
Michael brings an enormous amount of 
leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2019. While attending Spring-field High School in Holland, Ohio, Michael was a member of the National Honor Society, Principal’s Honor Roll, Foreign Language Club, and served as class secretary. 
Throughout high school, Michael was a 
member of his school’s swim team, cross country team, and football team. He was also a member of men’s gymnastics at the Toledo YMCA. I am confident that Michael will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leader-ship to the Air Force Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Michael Grindle on the offer of his appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education avail-able. I am positive that Michael will excel dur-ing his career at the Air Force Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his serv-ice to the Nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following Roll Call vote on May 12, 2015 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.013 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E692 May 13, 2015 
Roll Call #216: YES 
Roll Call #217: YES Roll Call #218: YES Roll Call #219: NO Roll Call #220: YES 
f 
HONORING OLEXIS BRIANNA 
HAYMON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a goal oriented stu-dent, Olexis Brianna Haymon. 
Olexis is the daughter of Otha and Debra 
Haymon, longtime residents of Pickens, Mis-sissippi. 
Olexis Brianna Haymon possesses a 4.0 
grade-point average since she was in kinder-garten. Currently a 12th-grader, Olexis Brianna Haymon is no stranger to community service. Whenever the town of Pickens, Mis-sissippi has its cleanup days, Olexis is always right there doing her part to help her commu-nity. 
In additional to that, Olexis often volunteers 
to help her mother, Debra Haymon, an em-ployee of Mid-Delta Home Health, with com-munity health fairs. She is also an active par-ticipant in the Leadership program of the Mis-sissippi State Extension Service for Holmes County, Mississippi. 
Olexis has made history as the first queen 
of the recently merged Holmes County Central High School of 2014–2015. The Holmes County School District merged all three of its high schools into one newly-named school for educational enhancement. Olexis is Miss Holmes County Central High School. 
Not only is Olexis active in her community, 
but also active in her school as well. She is a member of the PTSA (Parent Teacher Student Association) in which she is responsible for the school membership drive. According to one of her teachers, ‘‘She encourages and provides help to fellow classmates because she believes in helping everyone succeed.’’ She definitely tries to be a role model for the 9th graders. Her high school counselor com-mented in a letter of reference that ‘‘Olexis is a well-rounded person. She is well behaved, has great personality and has many leader-ship qualities.’’ 
Olexis also actively served as the 2014 
president for her school’s Jobs for Mississippi Graduates (JMG) program. Recently, she earned first place in the Community Students Learning Center’s Annual Essay Writing Con-test and thereby was the recipient of the Com-munity Students Learning Center’s Scholar-ship Award in the amount of $500.00. Olexis plans to use her CSLC scholarship winnings toward her college pursuit in nursing at Tougaloo College, Tougaloo, Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Olexis Brianna Haymon, as a student who is goal oriented and making a dif-ference in her community. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,456,926,656.13. We’ve 
added $7,525,579,877,743.05 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC SERV-
ICE OF THE HONORABLE PATRI-CIA WALSH 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-
ebrate the public service of the Honorable Pa-tricia Walsh, member of the Somerset County Board of Chosen Freeholders, as she is hon-ored by the Boy Scouts of America during the 2015 Tribute to Women Awards. 
Freeholder Walsh has for years been a 
dedicated public servant to the Somerset County community and her native Green Brook. Her many accomplishments and con-tributions to the county, its residents and New Jersey have improved the lives of many. As a member of the Somerset County Board of Chosen Freeholders, she has held various po-sitions, including director of board, deputy di-rector and liaison to many community pro-grams and departments serving the 21 munici-palities in Somerset County. Prior to her serv-ice as a Freeholder, Pat was Mayor of Green Brook and a member of the governing body. 
Freeholder Walsh has been of service to 
many public interest groups and volunteer or-ganizations, political campaigns and party po-litical activities and has earned numerous awards honors for her time and service to each. 
Freeholder Walsh and her colleagues on the 
Board of Chosen Freeholders have worked tirelessly for years to ensure that Somerset County is a wonderful place to live and raise a family. Their management of the county fi-nances, parks, health care system, education and public works has made Somerset one of the best counties in America. 
I congratulate Patricia Walsh for her well- 
earned recognition. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. RAYMOND M. 
MADDOX 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Dr. Raymond M. Mad-dox, a well-known dentist and respected mem-ber of the Rushville community. Dr. Maddox was a devoted husband, father, 
and grandfather. He was married to his wife Kay Maddox for 43 years. Together, they had two children and four grandchildren. A lifelong Hoosier, Ray attended Taylor University and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in both bi-ology and chemistry in 1971. After college, he attended and graduated from Indiana Univer-sity’s School of Dentistry in 1975 to pursue a professional dental career. Dr. Maddox then practiced dentistry in Rushville and Hartford City for several decades. 
In addition to his practice, he served in 
many leadership roles in the dental commu-nity. He was the past president of the Indiana Dental Association, delegate to the American Dental Association caucus 7th district, fellow of the American College of Dentists, president of the American College of Dentistry-Indiana Foundation, vice speaker of IDA House of Del-egates, and Parliamentarian of IDA House of Delegates. 
Although Ray was known as a great dentist 
and as someone dedicated to his profession, he was respected and loved for much more than that. Members of the community, his fam-ily and friends loved him for his ability to cre-ate meaningful relationships and brighten the lives of all those with whom he came in con-tact. 
Ray Maddox was my friend. I will never for-
get his smile, his positive attitude and his strong support of my own career in public service. They don’t come any more loyal than Ray Maddox. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor his life and 
legacy. My thoughts and prayers go out to Ray’s family, and may God comfort those he left behind with his peace and strength. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
MASON JESSING ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Mason Jessing of Delta, Ohio has been of-fered an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. 
Mason’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Mason brings an enormous amount of lead-
ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Delta High School in Delta, Ohio, Mason was a member of the National Honor Society, Honor Roll, and Academic Excellence Award recipient. 
Throughout high school, Mason was a 
member of his school’s football, track and powerlifting teams, earning varsity letters in football. He was also an MRA motocross rider. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.016 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E693 May 13, 2015 
I am confident that Mason will carry the les-
sons of his student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Mason Jessing on the offer of his appointment to the United States Naval Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Mason will excel during his career at the Naval Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. 
f 
HONORING PHOEBE CLYDE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ms. Phoebe Clyde of Logos Prep Academy for winning the gold medal in the 300-meter hurdles event at the Texas Asso-ciation of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) 3A state track team championships. 
Ms. Clyde defended her state title in the 
300-meter hurdle event by running an impres-sive time of 47.14 seconds. She then an-chored the 1600-meter relay where her team earned the silver medal. What an excellent performance to end her senior year. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Phoebe Clyde for winning the District TAPPS 3A gold medal in the 300-meter hurdle race. We look forward to seeing what you will accomplish in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PARISH 
EPISCOPAL SCHOOL FOR THEIR SELECTION AS REGIONAL WIN-NERS OF THE 2015 TOSHIBA/NA-TIONAL SCIENCE TEACHERS AS-SOCIATION EXPLORAVISION AWARD 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of Rishul Rai and Pavitra Kumar of the Parish Episcopal School in Dallas, Texas, in my district, for their recent selection as the Region 5 winner of the Grade 4–6 age group of the 2015 Toshiba/National Science Teachers Association (NSTA) ExploraVision Award. With 5,000 teams entered within 6 re-gions, this is an incredibly impressive accom-plishment. 
The Toshiba/NTSA ExploraVision competi-
tion goes beyond a typical student science competition. Teachers guide groups of 2–4 students through a simulation of real research and development as they pick a current tech-nology and envision how it will look in 20 years, as well as the breakthroughs necessary to reach that point. Rishul and Pavitra’s entry, Dehydra DH, uses wearable technology to de-termine the dehydration level of athletes by monitoring the level of salt in a player’s sweat. The device would then alert the player, coach-ing staff, or medical personnel if severe levels are reached. The focus on the STEM field is 
growing increasingly important, and competi-tions like these that foster that development inherently improve our nation and its future. The Dehydra DH entry for the ExploraVision Award by the Parish Episcopal School is truly impressive, and these students are very de-serving of this honor. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring this great achievement by Rishul Rai and Pavitra Kumar of the Parish Episcopal School of Dal-las. 
f 
HONORING JEFFREY BUJER AND 
HIS WORK WITH SABAN COMMU-NITY CLINIC 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Jeffrey Bujer. 
Jeffrey Bujer is the current Chief Executive 
Officer of Saban Community Clinic. He began working for Saban Community Clinic in 1998, when it was known as the Los Angeles Free Clinic. He joined the organization as its Chief Financial Officer and moved into a co-CEO role before becoming the sole Chief Executive Officer in 2012. 
Under his leadership, Saban Community 
Clinic has greatly evolved in its structure and brand. It has moved from a free clinic struc-ture to a Federally Qualified Health Center and has grown from a staff of 62 serving 9,000 patients each year to a staff of over 200 serving 20,000 patients each year. The Clinic has expanded its services to include both pri-mary care and mental health treatment. Jef-frey led the Clinic in expanding to three loca-tions in Los Angeles and implementing an electronic health record system. In 2007, Jef-frey oversaw the capital campaign that raised $17 million in honor of Saban Community Clin-ic’s 40th anniversary. 
Jeffrey has touched countless lives in his 
leadership role and will be missed by all when he leaves his position this year. His passion for serving others and commitment to health care for all is an inspiration. Our community owes a debt of gratitude to Jeffrey Bujer for his hard work and dedication. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing Jeffrey Bujer and wishing him well for the future. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BOROUGH OF MAG-NOLIA 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the One-hundredth Anniversary of the founding of the Borough of Magnolia in Cam-den County, New Jersey. 
On April 14, 1915, the citizens of the future 
Borough of Magnolia were formally recognized by the New Jersey Legislature as an inde-pendent borough out of Clementon Township. 
However, history for this small town did not begin in 1915. Settled in 1685, the area we know today as Magnolia, New Jersey has a deep history of rich involvement in the South Jersey community as one of the first settled communities of colonial New Jersey. 
The land that makes up Magnolia was once 
inhabited by the Native American Tribe of Lenni-Lenape who lived peacefully alongside Quaker farmers. William Penn, the future founder of Pennsylvania, worked diligently with this dedicated group of Quakers to settle in the southern section of colonial New Jersey. These settlers practiced a modest way of liv-ing based on agriculture and timber produc-tion. Over the next three hundred years, the community in the Magnolia area thrived, and in the past century, the population of Magnolia has quadrupled to over 4,000 today. 
Mr. Speaker, the Borough of Magnolia is 
small in size, but it is enormous in heart and community, a feeling that is best encapsulated through its motto: ‘‘One Square Mile of Friend-liness.’’ This week, as the people of Magnolia 
celebrate their Centennial celebrations, I con-gratulate the citizens, Mayor BettyAnn Cowl-ing-Carson, and council of Magnolia on their past one hundred years of experiences and accomplishments and wish them another hun-dred years of richness and good fortune. 
f 
25TH ANNUAL LOCAL COLORS 
FESTIVAL 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, as the Roa-
noke community prepares to celebrate the 25th Annual Local Colors Festival, I want to take this opportunity to express my deepest thanks to my constituent, Pearl Fu, for her leadership of the Roanoke Valley’s annual celebration of our diverse heritage. 
Pearl is a truly special individual and has 
played an instrumental role in bringing the Ro-anoke Valley together over the last quarter century. She has offered Local Colors as a special event to remind us that, as Americans, we are one country out of many nationalities that have preceded us on these shores. In Local Colors, she solidified a celebration of the varied cultures that make up the Roanoke region. She helped increase awareness of our history—a melting pot of origins, races, and ethnic backgrounds. 
Late last year, Pearl marked the culmination 
of her leadership of this event. Local Colors is known by many for what they encounter at the festival—a day to share food and fellowship; enjoy music, arts, and crafts; and, experience the languages, attire, and traditions of the more than 100 countries whose roots have been planted in Roanoke and its neighboring cities, towns, and counties. 
However, I also want to recognize Pearl for 
what she did day in and day out for so many years. Through Local Colors, she worked with many other individuals and organizations to offer language translations and conflict resolu-tion, publicity in the local media, and multicul-tural education for schoolchildren, community organizations, government officials, and busi-nesses. Without Pearl at the helm, none of this would have been possible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY8.010 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E694 May 13, 2015 
I fondly remember selecting Local Colors as 
a ‘‘Local Legacy’’ project in 1999, bringing na-tional recognition from the Library of Congress that has permitted so many people around our nation and around the world to experience what Local Colors is all about. They can visit the Library of Congress, view the digital rec-ognition on the Internet, or visit the festival to see all that it has become. 
Local Colors is truly one of America’s proud 
traditions. Pearl can stand assured that she has been responsible for its success and the community is thankful to her for helping them experience such a memorable event over so many years. 
As Pearl steps away from the leadership of 
Local Colors, I and so many others will con-tinue to support and experience Local Colors as a way of showing the world that we are truly one nation. I extend my gratitude to Pearl for making it all possible for us and for her deep spirit of goodwill. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
JOSHUA MOSSING ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Joshua Mossing of Sylvania, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. 
Joshua’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. 
Joshua brings an enormous amount of lead-
ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Central Catho-lic High School in Toledo, Ohio, Joshua was a member of the National Honor Society, Summa Cum Laude Honor Roll, and was top ten in class rank. 
Throughout high school, Joshua was a 
member of his school’s wrestling and football teams, earning varsity letters in wrestling and voted team captain of the wrestling team. I am confident that Joshua will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Air Force Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Joshua Mossing on the offer of his appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education avail-able. I am positive that Joshua will excel dur-ing his career at the Air Force Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his serv-ice to the Nation. HONORING BAHATI S. HARDEN, MD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Bahati S. Harden, MD, who has achieved remarkable success and has been exemplary as a physician and a public servant. 
Dr. Harden was born in Adams County in 
Natchez, MS on June 24, 1979 to the late George Harden and Deborah Harden. Being the baby girl, she was a godly child who called her father her best friend at an early age and grew up in a household of love and support. 
Bahati finished high school and received a 
scholarship to Spelman College in Atlanta, GA where she completed her studies in Biology in 2001. After graduating with a Master’s of Science in Public Health from Tulane Univer-sity School of Public Health and Tropical Med-icine, she accepted a fellowship in Bioter-rorism Preparedness with the Centers for Dis-ease Control and prevention. 
Having a desire to pursue a medical degree, 
she entered the University of MS Medical Center’s Inaugural Professional Portal Track. Having received a Master’s of Science in Bio-medical Science, she completed her Doctorate of Medicine also at the University of MS Med-ical Center. After completing a residency at LSU Health (Shreveport, LA) in Rural Family Medicine, Dr. Harden accepted a position in MS Delta with the Greenwood Leflore Hospital in Greenwood, MS where she continues to practice. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Bahati S. Harden, a Doctor and Public Servant, for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the African Amer-ican community. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MRS. 
CARRIE ‘GRANDMA REIGLE’ (RIZZI) REIGLE 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to remember the life of Mrs. Carrie Reigle, who passed away peacefully in the presence of her family on Easter Sunday. Carrie was known to all of us as Grandma Reigle. She was born on October 24, 1917 to her loving parents Vincenzo and Angelina Rizzi. She at-tended Niles High School and after graduating she attended the Choffin School of Nursing, completing her degree in 1960. 
It came as no surprise that Carrie spent her 
life’s work as a nurse mending the broken. To all who knew her she was a caring person whose love and compassion stemmed beyond measure.Carrie’s early career consisted of her hard work in the Intensive Care Unit as a nurse at Northside Hospital. She spent twenty- two years at her post until retiring in 1983. Even in retirement Carrie’s commitment to helping others led to her return to nursing in 1984 at the Shepherd of the Valley Nursing Home in Niles, Ohio. 
In 1996, she retired from Shepherd of the 
Valley, but still decided she had more to give. She later returned to nursing part-time with Dr. 
Pokabla at his office in Howland, Ohio until 2002 where she fully retired at the age of 84. She was very proud of her nursing career as it brought her so much happiness. 
Carrie’s greatest pride and joy were her 
family and friends. She married the love of her life, Sam ‘‘Kinger’’ Reigle on October 19, 1937. The two spent over forty years happily married until Mr. Reigle’s passing on Christ-mas Day in 1980. Carrie enjoyed life to the fullest and took pleasure in cooking her fa-mous Italian meals. I grew up with Grandma Reigle’s grandson Sammy. And almost every day as a young boy, I would stop by Sammy’s house to see what Grandma Reigle had cooked. She always had homemade Italian pizza, or soup, or pasta fagioli. She loved to cook and then watch us eat. We would sit around with our friends and play games and Grandma Reigle would feed us. She was al-ways warm and caring and she was a most wonderful Grandma. 
Carrie is preceded in death by her husband 
Sam, parents Vincenzo and Angelina, brothers Sam, Anthony, and Joseph, sisters Elizabeth, Mary, Lucille, and Angie, as well as her dear friend Jane Logar. Carrie leaves behind her son Richard, grandson Sam and wife Lori, two great-grandchildren, Isabella and Sammy, her nieces and nephews, and her great-nieces and nephews. Carrie made our community a better place to call home. She warmed the 
hearts of many and will be remembered as sweet Grandma Reigle. I am deeply saddened by her passing and will miss her. We all are better people because Grandma Reigle touched our lives. Thank you Carrie for all of your hard work and service, your compassion for others will continue to live on through the many lives you have touched. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RAY 
MILLER’S RETIREMENT 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Ray Miller, a thirty year veteran of the Coast Guard Reserves and the Com-mander of the American Legion post in Han-over, Massachusetts. 
Mr. Miller’s career in the Coast Guard Re-
serves led him to serve this great nation in her darkest moments. In the days immediately fol-lowing the September eleventh terrorist at-tacks, Mr. Miller was called into active duty to help secure our shores against those who sought to sow continued chaos. In the after-math of Hurricane Katrina, Mr. Miller once again answered the call of duty by deploying to Mobile, Alabama to help restore normalcy to the lives of those residents of the Gulf. And when that normalcy was disrupted once more in the Deep Water Horizon crisis, Ray Miller did not hesitate to once again help the resi-dents of the Gulf of Mexico. 
Closer to his home, Mr. Miller helped keep 
Boston safe during the Democratic National Convention in the summer of 2004. And then again in 2012, he served the people of this re-gion by aiding the recovery efforts in the dev-astating aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. The veterans and members of the American Le-gion community in Hanover have been well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.025 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E695 May 13, 2015 
served because of his work as Legion Post 
Commander. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Mr. Ray 
Miller on this remarkable occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him a won-derful retirement and many years of happi-ness. 
f 
HONORING JEFF CARDWELL 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Jeff Cardwell for his work as the North Carolina Emergency Management Area Coordinator and congratulate him on his retire-ment. 
Mr. Cardwell began his career serving as a 
Fire Officer for the Gamewell Fire Department, where he still serves today. He served as a firefighter for the city of Lenoir from 1986 to 1991 and for the City of Hickory from 1991 to 1993. In 1993 Mr. Cardwell began his career with North Carolina Emergency Management, serving as an Area Trainer and working his way toward an administrative role. During his time with North Carolina Emergency Manage-ment, he worked on twenty-six FEMA disaster declarations and eight of North Carolina dec-larations, including every major disaster in North Carolina since 1993. Mr. Cardwell has been recognized for his outstanding service several times, receiving awards including the Western North Carolina Firefighter Association Officer of the Year in 2001 and the Colonel William A. Thompson Award as the North Carolina Emergency Management Employee of the Year. 
Mr. Cardwell has demonstrated a steadfast 
commitment to serving the people of North Carolina in emergency management. As such, I am proud to honor Mr. Jeff Cardwell for his faithful service to the people of North Carolina and I wish him the best on his retirement. 
f 
TOGETHER CONGRESS CAN 
COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a miracu-
lous thing happened recently in Washington. Both parties came together to negotiate impor-tant legislation, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, moving beyond partisan attacks and rhetoric to find common ground. Their compromise passed the Senate by a vote of 99–0. This is not only important from a proce-dural, functional standpoint, it’s important be-cause it will help fight a major problem in our society: human trafficking, one of the fastest growing criminal enterprises in the United States. We urge the House to bring the Sen-ate bill up for a vote without delay. 
Many of us do not realize that in this nation, 
and in our own backyards, individuals are held against their will, their bodies sold repeatedly day in and day out. This modern-day form of slavery is an enormous black market, with an estimated value of $9.8 billion in the U.S. The average age of children sold into the 
sex trade is just 13. As Americans, and as parents and grandparents, we cannot turn a blind eye to this fact any more. Human traf-ficking is real. It is in every state, city and sub-urb in America. It is imperative that we protect American children from the traffickers who prey upon the most vulnerable in our society. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act is 
a robust and aggressive response that does three main things. 
First, the bill targets demand. Going after 
those who buy and sell our children will help decimate this industry. The legislation treats those who pay for sex with minors and other trafficking victims as criminals and will help prosecutors put them where they belong: be-hind bars. 
Second, the bill focuses on restoring the vic-
tims. Children who are sold for sex are vic-tims, not prostitutes, and it’s time to treat them as such by ensuring that they have a safe place to stay, resources they need for rehabili-tation and services uniquely tailored for human trafficking survivors. 
Lastly, the bill provides resources to train 
law enforcement and others who may come into contact with human trafficking victims to better identify and respond to their needs. The bill creates a fund built from fees and fines collected from convicted traffickers. 
We urge the House to bring S. 178, the Jus-
tice for Victims of Trafficking Act, to the floor for a vote and send it to the president’s desk for signature. It will be a powerful day when Washington can stand together to proclaim, ‘‘Our children are not for sale.’’ 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
BRADLEY KRUPP ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Bradley Krupp of Bowling Green, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. 
Bradley’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Bradley brings an enormous amount of 
leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2019. While attending Bowl-ing Green High School in Bowling Green, Ohio, Bradley was a member of the National Honor Society, Honor Roll, French Honor So-ciety and received student athlete awards. In addition, he was a member of the Key Club, French club and drama club. 
Throughout high school, Bradley was a 
member of his school’s cross country team and earned his varsity letter. I am confident 
that Bradley will carry the lessons of his stu-dent and athletic leadership to the Military Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Bradley Krupp on the offer of his appointment to the United States Military Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Bradley will excel during his career at the Military Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, on roll call nos. 
216, 217, 218, 219, and 220 I am not re-corded because I was unavoidably detained due to travel. 
Had I been present, I would have voted aye 
on roll call 216. 
Had I been present, I would have voted nay 
on roll call 217. 
Had I been present, I would have voted nay 
on roll call 218. 
Had I been present, I would have voted aye 
on roll call 219. 
Had I been present, I would have voted aye 
on roll call 220. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 208, 209, and 210. If present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote 208, ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote 209, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote 210. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RETIRING ST. JOSEPH 
COUNTY CLERK PATTIE BENDER 
HON. FRED UPTON 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I rise today to pay tribute to retir-ing St. Joseph County Clerk Pattie Bender. Pattie is a staple of our Southwest Michigan community and my dear friend. I rise to thank her for 45 years of distinguished public serv-ice. 
A life-long resident of Southwest Michigan, 
Pattie currently serves in a dual capacity as county clerk and register of deeds. She began her career with St. Joseph County in 1970 and has served as county clerk since 1991. 
The office of town or county clerk is one of 
the oldest known offices in local government, essential to the functioning of our democracy. It is an office of trust that demands the utmost integrity and diligence. As clerk, Pattie is en-trusted with the supervision of all national, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.028 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E696 May 13, 2015 
state, and local elections; administers the 
Michigan Campaign Finance Reporting Act; and maintains all government records for the county. 
Having known Pattie for many years, I can 
attest to the fact that no one is better suited for such a position. Throughout the years, she has faithfully served the people of St. Joseph County, fairly and competently executing her duties. Personally, I have come to rely on her extensive institutional knowledge and good judgment. There is no doubt that the citizens of St. Joseph County, having reelected her to the office of county clerk six times, share my good opinion. 
In January, Pattie announced that she will 
retire in June of this year, planning to travel and spend time with her family. As she em-barks on the next chapter of her life, I would like to congratulate her on a well-deserved re-tirement and thank her for her many years of public service to the citizens of St. Joseph County. 
It has been an honor to work with Pattie and 
to count her as a true friend. She will be greatly missed in her capacity as county clerk, but I am confident she will continue to serve as a source of wisdom in Southwest Michigan for years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF MENDOTA HEIGHTS OFFICER SCOTT PATRICK 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to the men and women serving this nation as law enforcement officers who have given their lives in the line of duty. This week is Police Week where we reflect upon the service and sacrifice of the thousands of women and men who keep our communities safe and put their lives on the line on our be-half. For their courage, commitment and brav-ery, these women and men have my greatest respect. 
Last year, the Twin Cities East Metro lost an 
officer in the line of duty when Officer Scott Patrick was gunned down in the line of duty during a traffic stop in St. Paul. Whenever an act of violence this senseless and tragic takes place, it shakes a community deeply. Officer Patrick’s loss is still felt each day by his family and his fellow officers on the Mendota Heights Police force. This week we join them in mourning the loss of their loved one and friend. On Wednesday, Officer Scott’s name will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officer’s Memorial Wall in Washington, DC. 
The work that police officers and law en-
forcement officials do to keep our communities safe is often thankless and dangerous. As a society, we place an enormous amount of trust in those officers and they play a critical role in shaping the world we live in. Those who serve in law enforcement have my great-est respect for the work that they do to live up to and earn that trust in their communities. 
As a member of Congress, one of my jobs 
is to make sure police officers have the tools they need to keep their communities safe while returning home to their families safely each night. Whether this means personal safe-
ty protection, body cameras or computer sys-tems that they need we must consider doing more for law enforcement agencies. I am proud to say that I have been a champion for more effective communication between law enforcement officers and first responders throughout my time in Congress and I look for-ward to continuing that partnership with the police community. 
This week, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring police week by remembering those officers who have given their lives in service of their communities. 
f 
HONORING THE NOMINEES FOR 
KANE COUNTY CHIEFS OF PO-LICE ASSOCIATION’S 2014 LOUIS SPUHLER OFFICER OF THE YEAR FOR KANE COUNTY AWARD 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the nominees for the 2014 Kane County Chiefs of Police Association’s Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County Award. 
The award, presented by the Batavia Moose 
Lodge #682 and the Kane County Chiefs of Police Association, recognizes the outstanding achievements of police officers who protect our community. The men and women who wear the badge provide our families with secu-rity while putting their own lives on the line and deserve our admiration and thanks. 
I would like to congratulate the winner of the 
2014 Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County Officer Samuel G. Aguirre of the Aurora Police Department, as well as his fel-low nominees: Officer David M. Bemer of the Aurora Police Department, Officer Roger Isham of the South Elgin Police Department, Deputy Raul Salinas and Chief Deputy Thom-as Bumgarner of the Kane County Sheriffs Of-fice, Sergeant Gregory Sullivan of the Mont-gomery Police Department, Officer Timothy Beam of the St. Charles Police Department, Officer Michael Gallagher and Officer KC Brox of the Sleepy Hollow Police Department, De-tective Miguel Pantoja of the Elgin Police De-partment, and Sergeant Mike Frieders, Detec-tive Matt Dean, Detective Brad Jerdee, Detec-tive Bob Pech, Detective Sarah Sullivan, and Officer Matt Hann of the Geneva Police De-partment. 
Congratulations to the nominees for the 
2014 Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County Award and thank you for your continued dedication to the safety and security of our community. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF 
SAMANTHA MEINEN ON HER OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO AT-TEND THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-
sional District. I am pleased to announce that Samantha Meinen of Toledo, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. 
Samantha’s offer of appointment poises her 
to attend the United States Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. 
Samantha brings an enormous amount of 
leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2019. While attending Whitmer Senior High School in Toledo, Ohio, Samantha was a member of the National Honor Society, German club, DECA and earned awards in science, English and social studies. 
Throughout high school, Samantha was a 
member of her school’s volleyball, basketball and track teams. I am confident that Samantha will carry the lessons of her student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Samantha Meinen on the offer of her appointment to the United States Naval Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education avail-able. I am positive that Samantha will excel during her career at the Naval Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to the Nation. 
f 
SUGAR CREEK BAPTIST CHURCH 
40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Sugar Creek Baptist Church for celebrating 40 years of prayer and worship. 
This 9,600-member church is a local and 
global leader. The church contributes upwards of $2 million annually to local and international mission and church development programs. 
Over the last 12 years, Sugar Creek Baptist Church has directly supported 93 new church-es. Just last year, the church led the develop-ment of the Freedom Church Alliance, an or-ganization that works with local churches and organizations to fight human trafficking. Its members are constant volunteers in local ref-ugee and prison communities, too. Throughout its 40 years, Sugar Creek Baptist Church has been a model of faith and a leader in our com-munity. 
Thank you to Sugar Creek Baptist Church 
and its members for all they do in Sugar Land and throughout the world. We are excited to see what the next 40 years hold for you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.033 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E697 May 13, 2015 
HONORING THE DISTINGUISHED 
PUBLIC SERVICE OF THE HONOR-ABLE DAVID L. HUGHES 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the distinguished public service of the Honorable David L. Hughes, who retired ear-lier this year after 41 years as the City Clerk and Secretary to the Mayor and Common Council of Summit, New Jersey. During his record tenure, David achieved a number of significant accomplishments in service to the City of Summit. 
David oversaw the transformation of the City 
Clerk position, bringing community services into the 21st century and instituting greater ac-cessibility and transparency. To the benefit of residents, downtown merchants and tax-payers, public information is readily available and put to good use for City projects. 
David was an integral part of the coordina-
tion of City business, reviewing all matters be-fore the Council’s consideration, securing legal and background information from stakeholders and forming advisory opinions so that elected officials could make the most informed deci-sions. He also managed the municipal elec-tions—a major undertaking including the over-sight of 25 election districts, numerous polling machines and poll workers and thousands of ballots cast in each election. 
Due to his years of service and trusted 
counsel, David and his office became an en-cyclopedia of City history, local ordinances and best practices. I join elected officials from both parties and countless Summit residents in considering David a very thoughtful public servant. 
I wish David many years of enjoyment in his 
retirement spent with, his wife, Maria, and his children. I thank him for his dedicated public service. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL COMMENDATION 
FOR THE LIFE OF CHARLES DAUGHTRY TOWERS, JR. 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, we 
are deeply and profoundly saddened by the loss of our friend, Charles Towers, Jr. This man of prominence and bearing was the epit-ome of a gentleman and a scholar. We were moved by his passion, emboldened by his commitments, honored by his friendship and made all the better by his innate wisdom and his belief in the integrity of the human experi-ence. We came to know him as a husband, father, grandfather, great grandfather, World War II veteran, Silver Star Recipient, and dedi-cated servant to people and causes, a human-itarian, a civic leader and businessman without comparison. 
As a member of the Jacksonville community 
for more than ninety years, Charlie Towers, presence will be missed by many. In 1949, he began his career as an attorney, with Rogers Towers & Bailey Law Firm and continued until his retirement in 2000. He served on many 
community boards in positions of leadership up to and including, Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce, Salvation Army, Jacksonville Tocqueville Society, long time member and devoted Deacon, Elder and Trustee of First Presbyterian Church and many other organi-zations. 
Though our hearts ache, our tears of pain 
are mixed with loving memories of his smile, his touch and that gleam in his eyes telling all who knew him, that he loved you and always will. And in his remembrance, we are drawn to the words of Paul, in the book of 2nd Timothy, ‘‘For I am now ready to be offered, the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept my faith’’. May the Lord bless and keep you now and forevermore and may the mem-ory of our dear friend, Charles Daughtry Tow-ers, Jr., remain with us for all times. 
f 
IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF AN-
DREW WEISS ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACAD-EMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Andrew Weiss of Findlay, Ohio has been of-fered an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. 
Andrew’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. 
Andrew brings an enormous amount of 
leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2019. While attending Findlay High School in Findlay, Ohio, Andrew was a member of the National Honor Society and Honor Roll. He earned his Eagle Scout award with the Boy Scouts of America and was se-lected for Buckeye Boys State. In addition, he earned his private pilot’s license. 
Throughout high school, Andrew was a 
member of his school’s track team where he served as team captain and earned his varsity letter. I am confident that Andrew will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Andrew Weiss on the offer of his appointment to the United States Naval Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Andrew will excel during his career at the Naval Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. HONORING MS. SHERRI STRAUSER 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a constituent of mine, Ms. Sherri Strauser. She will be retiring from the Windsor C–1 School District on July 1, 2015. Ms. Strauser has contributed to the edu-cational system for 37 years. 
Ms. Strauser has worked in various capac-
ities: 3rd Grade Teacher, Intermediate Center Assistant Principal, Intermediate Principal, and Assistant Superintendent. She has worked in the Dunklin R–V School District and is ending her career in the Windsor C–1 School District. Her current title of Assistant Superintendent has allowed her the opportunity to connect personally with students, staff, parents, and the community. This Assistant Superintendent position has given her the opportunity to direct Curriculum and Instruction, Special Services, Team Leaders, Professional Development, and serve as the Compliance Officer for the District. During her time in each position, she was committed to making a difference in the lives of students. Ms. Strauser has received the Dunklin R–V Teacher of the Year award, Dunklin National Education Association Award, and the ’Who’s Who Among American Edu-cators’ award. These awards showcase her ability to make a positive impact on anyone she comes into contact with. 
Over the years, Ms. Strauser has been an 
active member of her community, and the state, through memberships with the Rotary Club, Missouri Association of School Adminis-trators, Missouri Association of School Busi-ness Officials, and the Missouri Association of Elementary School Principals. From her time giving back to the community, it has enabled her to nourish productive relationships and wit-ness success for thousands of individuals. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Ms. 
Sherri Strauser on her retirement after 37 years of commitment to students. 
f 
HONORING THE MARTIN’S MILL 
LADY MUSTANGS 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, today I 
would like to honor the Martin’s Mill Lady Mus-tangs basketball team who won the Texas 2A High School Basketball Championship on March 7, 2015 at the Alamodome in San Anto-nio. This victory marked the third time since 2008 the Lady Mustangs captured the title. 
I would like to recognize teammates Jocie 
Bennett, Cheyenne Brown, Calli Camacho, Hailey Celsur, Hannah Celsur, Madi Daniel, Jacee Greenlee, Hailey Hawes, Briley Moon, Hannah Munns, Sarah Munns and Alyssa Pate. I would also like to recognize Head Coach Lauran Jenkins, Assistant Coach Me-lissa Camacho and Managers Lydia Burns, Mollie Daniel, Hannah Manry, Abbie Orrick and Taylor Sparks. 
As the congressional representative of the 
families, coaches, and supporters of the Lady 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.038 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E698 May 13, 2015 
Mustangs, it is my pleasure to recognize their 
outstanding season and continued success. This victory and accomplishment is an event that these young ladies will remember for the rest of their lives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ASSISTANT 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY CHARLES LEWIS 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Assistant United States Attorney Charles Lewis and to honor his more than four decades of federal service. 
In 1973, Charlie began his career as a law 
clerk to the Honorable Reynaldo Garza in Brownsville, Texas. After completing his clerk-
ship, he joined the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Texas. 
Throughout his career, Charlie distinguished 
himself as a tough and ethical prosecutor who passionately represented the United States in federal court. 
Charlie’s career included positions as As-
sistant Director of the Attorney General’s Ad-vocacy Institute in charge of training federal prosecutors in criminal prosecutions; Coordi-nator of the Presidential Drug Taskforce for the states of Texas, Louisiana, and Mis-sissippi; Coordinator of the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) Houston division; Resident Legal Advisor to the U.S. Embassy in Bucharest, Romania; and Prosecutor Rep-resentative for the anti-terrorism advisory com-mittee in Brownsville, Texas. 
Charlie’s dedication to the prosecution of or-
ganized crime and drug trafficking resulted in seizures of tens of millions of dollars of cur-rency and property and the convictions of many large-scale narcotics traffickers and cor-rupt public officials. 
Many of Charlie’s cases included investiga-
tions in multiple countries across numerous federal investigative agencies, and took years to develop and prosecute. Charlie was particu-larly good at explaining complex cases to fed-eral juries and applying the Racketeer Influ-enced and Corrupt Organizations Act. 
Charlie is particularly proud of the three 
years he spent in Bucharest, Romania where he helped reform the Romanian legal system and served as the U.S. representative to the Southeast European Cooperative Initiative (now known as the Southeast European Law Enforcement Center) which provides support to member states to combat transnational or-ganized crime and corruption. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the opportunity 
to honor Charles Lewis and his more than four decades of public service to the United States. I join my colleagues in Congress in wishing him and Mary, his wife of more than 30 years, the best. IN SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF JEF-
FREY WILSON ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great 
pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Jeffrey Wilson of Perrysburg, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. 
Jeffrey’s offer of appointment poises him to 
attend the United States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2019. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education, while placing demands on those who undertake one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. 
Jeffrey brings an enormous amount of lead-
ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2019. While attending Lake Local High School in Millbury, Ohio, Jeffrey was a member of the National Honor Society and re-ceived hockey and golf academic awards. In addition, he received his Eagle Scout award through the Boy Scouts of America. 
Throughout high school, Jeffrey was a 
member of his school’s hockey, golf and base-ball teams, earning varsity letters in each. I am confident that Jeffrey will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Air Force Academy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Jeffrey Wilson on the offer of his appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Jeffrey will excel during his career at the Air Force Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to the Nation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE POLICE 
TRAINING AND INDEPENDENT REVIEW ACT OF 2015 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of The Police Training and Inde-pendent Review Act, which I introduced earlier today with colleague L
ACYCLAYof Missouri. 
If enacted, the Police Training and Inde-
pendent Review Act would help ensure the independent investigation and prosecution of law enforcement officers in cases involving their use of deadly force. It would also provide sensitivity training for law enforcement officers. 
America received a wakeup call last year in 
Ferguson, Missouri. It received another in Staten Island, New York. 
It received yet another in Cleveland, Ohio, 
and then North Charleston, South Carolina, and more recently in Baltimore. Our nation faces sobering questions about 
the basic fairness of our criminal justice sys-tem. And we face sobering questions about race. These questions simply cannot be ig-nored. 
For too many, for too long, justice has 
seemed too lacking. 
Precisely how long, and for how many— 
these are numbers we ought to know, and it is shameful that we do not. The fact that po-lice departments are not required to report data about when, where and against whom they use deadly force is absurd. Even FBI Di-rector James Comey has said it is, ‘‘ridiculous that [he] can’t tell you how many people were shot by the police last week, last month, last year.’’ 
Last year, and again earlier this year, I intro-
duced the National Statistics on Deadly Force Transparency Act to address this. The legisla-tion would give both lawmakers and the public the numbers we need to measure the prob-lem, so we can figure out how best to address it. 
However, I rise today to talk about another 
equally important step we can take, right now, that does not require us to wait for more data. We can remove the looming cloud of doubt that hangs over too many instances in which law enforcement officers use deadly force against unarmed individuals. 
We can stop asking local prosecutors to in-
vestigate the same law enforcement officers with whom they work so closely, and whose relationships they rely upon to perform their daily responsibilities. 
This is an obvious conflict of interest, and if 
we are serious about restoring a sense of fair-ness and justice, we must remove this conflict immediately. 
To be sure, the vast majority of prosecutors 
and law enforcement officers are well mean-ing, dedicated public servants, and we depend upon them to keep us safe from criminals. And they have dangerous jobs, as we have seen all too frequently in recent months. 
But the fact remains that some police de-
partments don’t vet their patrolmen well enough. Some allow wealthy supporters to be reserve officers where judgment is lacking and some don’t provide all appropriate training. There are also some officers who go beyond the law in a callous disregard for due process. 
While we have seen charges against offi-
cers in North Charleston and in Baltimore, the question remains: would they have been pros-ecuted if we didn’t have video of the events in question? 
According to a recent Washington Post in-
vestigation, there have been, ‘‘thousands of fatal shootings at the hands of police since 2005, [and] only 54 officers have been charged. Most were cleared or acquitted in the cases that have been resolved.’’ 
I can’t stand here today and tell you wheth-
er each of these prosecutors was biased. But what I can tell you is that there is a perception of unfairness in certain kinds of cases, and that perception is poisoning the public trust. 
But we can fix this problem. The Police Training and Independent Re-
view Act would give states a reason to do what they should already be doing: require the use of independent prosecutors when there is an obvious conflict of interest. If states refuse to use independent prosecutors for cases against law enforcement officers involving their use of deadly force, they lose federal funding, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MY8.017 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E699 May 13, 2015 
which can make up a significant portion of 
their budgets. 
I urge my colleagues to help pass this legis-
lation quickly, and help restore some much needed faith in our criminal justice system. 
I want to thank my colleague L
ACYCLAYfor 
his partnership on this bill. He is a tireless ad-vocate on these issues, and I am honored to work with him. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
May 14, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
MAY 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on air traffic control modernization and reform. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 562, to 
promote exploration for geothermal re-sources, S. 822, to expand geothermal production, S. 1026, to amend the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Federal agencies from procuring alter-native fuels, S. 1057, to promote geo-thermal energy, S. 1058, to promote re-search, development, and demonstra-tion of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies, S. 1103, to re-instate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to au-thorize Federal agencies to provide al-ternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane Hydrate Research and De-velopment Act of 2000 to provide for the development of methane hydrate as 
a commercially viable source of en-ergy, S. 1222, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for reports relat-ing to electric capacity resources of transmission organizations and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procurement of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands to promote a greater do-
mestic helium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing program for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, S. 1236, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to modify certain re-quirements relating to trial-type hear-ings with respect to certain license ap-plications before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, S. 1264, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a re-newable electricity standard, S. 1270, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives, S. 1271, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or mini-mize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, S. 1272, to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the ef-fects of forward capacity auctions and other capacity mechanisms, S. 1276, to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Secu-rity Act of 2006 to increase energy ex-ploration and production on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mex-ico, S. 1278, to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf re-gion, to make certain modifications to the North Slope Science Initiative, S. 1279, to provide for revenue sharing of qualified revenues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, S. 1280, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish an annual production in-centive fee with respect to Federal on-shore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or nat-ural gas under which production is not occurring, S. 1282, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Sec-retary of Energy to consider the objec-tive of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out re-search and development programs under that Act, S. 1283, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal cer-tain programs, to establish a coal tech-nology program, S. 1285, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts to provide certain price sta-bilization support relating to electric generation units that use coal-based generation technology, S. 1294, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in promoting the development of effi-cient, economical, and environ-mentally sustainable thermally led wood energy systems, and S. 1304, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to estab-lish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled energy workforce. 
SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and 
Wildlife 
To hold hearings to examine S. 1140, to 
require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’. 
SD–406 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine how to safe-
ly reduce reliance on foster care group homes. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, focusing on examining EEOC’s enforcement and litigation pro-grams. 
SD–430 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Congressional Budget Office. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine proposed en-
vironmental regulation’s impacts on America’s small businesses. 
SR–428A 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism 
To hold hearings to examine body cam-
eras, focusing on whether technology can increase protection for law enforce-ment officers and the public. 
SD–226 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:45 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Mileydi Guilarte, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Ad-viser, both of the Department of State, Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Direc-tor of the African Development Bank for a term of five years, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
SD–419 
MAY 20 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-
agement, and Regulatory Oversight 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
scientific advisory panels and processes at the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, including S. 543, to amend the Envi-
ronmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation. 
SD–406 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MY8.040 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E700 May 13, 2015 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on exploring institutional risk- sharing. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine 21st century 
ideas for the 20th century Federal civil service. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. 
SH–216 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SR–253 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
addressing the needs of Native commu-nities through Indian Water Rights Settlements. 
SD–628 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine solutions to 
the hospital observation stay crisis. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, 
Fisheries, and Coast Guard 
To hold hearings to examine improve-
ments and innovations in fishery man-agement and data collection. 
SR–253 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution 
To hold hearings to examine taking sex-
ual assault seriously, focusing on the rape kit backlog and human rights. 
SD–226 
MAY 21 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine under-
standing America’s long-term fiscal picture. 
SD–342 10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
Business meeting to consider pending 
legislation, and the nomination of Jef-frey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regu-latory Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SD–538 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 160, and 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery mis-sions, S. 365, to improve rangeland con-ditions and restore grazing levels with-in the Grand Staircase-Escalante Na-tional Monument, Utah, S. 472, to pro-mote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Douglas County, Nevada, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilder-ness Areas in the State of New Mexico. 
SD–366 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JUNE 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 454, to 
amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-
gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-
place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, and S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and re-siliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13MY8.000 E13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D527 Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2815–2896. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-five bills were intro-
duced, as follows: S. 1313–1337.               Pages S2849–50 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany S. 1269, to reauthorize trade 
facilitation and trade enforcement functions and ac-tivities. (S. Rept. No. 114–45)
                           Page S2849 
Measures Passed: 
International Year of Soils: Committee on Agri-
culture, Nutrition, and Forestry was discharged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 10, supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘Inter-national Year of Soils’’ and supporting locally led soil conservation, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                              Page S2896 
McConnell (for Lee) Amendment No. 1225, to 
clarify the support of Congress for voluntary land-owner participation in certain conservation programs. 
                                                                                            Page S2896 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to 
Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate continued consid-
eration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative ap-
peal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
                                                            Pages S2821–2830, S2834–40 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that on Thursday, May 14, 2015, following disposition of H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and ex-pand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, the motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314 be agreed to, the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314 be agreed to, and that at 2 p.m., Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, upon recon-sideration; and that if cloture is invoked, the 30 
hours of post-cloture consideration under rule XXII be deemed expired at 10 p.m.
                            Page S2834 
Appointments: 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: Senator Shaheen (Committee on Appro-priations), and Senator Cardin (At Large).
    Page S2896 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine 
Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice Presi-
dent, pursuant to Section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: Senator Peters (At Large), and Senator Schatz (Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation).
                                                          Page S2896 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Acad-
emy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, 
pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: Senator Cantwell, and Senator Blumenthal. 
                                                                                            Page S2896 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: Senator Udall (Committee on Appropria-tions), and Senator Hirono (Committee on Armed Services).
                                                                         Page S2896 
Trade Bills—Agreement: A unanimous-consent 
agreement was reached providing that at 10 a.m., on Thursday, May 14, 2015, Senate begin consideration of H.R. 1295, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making deter-minations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code, and H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inven-tory, en bloc; that the Hatch amendments at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D528 May 13, 2015 
desk, the text of which are S. 1267, to extend the 
African Growth and Opportunity Act, the General-ized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and S. 1269, to reau-thorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement func-tions and activities, respectively, be considered and agreed to, that no further amendments be in order, and that at 12 p.m., Senate vote on H.R. 1295, as amended, followed by a vote on H.R. 644, as amended, with no intervening action or debate, and that there be a 60 affirmative vote threshold needed for passage of each bill.
                                          Page S2896 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–16)
                                                        Page S2848 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By 84 yeas to 12 nays (Vote No. EX. 177), Sally 
Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney General.
                                                                  Pages S2830–34 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2848 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2848 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2848–49 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2850–51 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2851–52 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2846–48 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2852–95 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2895–96 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2896 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—177)                                                                 Page S2834 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:37 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, May 14, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2896.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: BUREAU OF LAND 
MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Bureau of Land Management, after receiving testimony from 
Neil G. Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Manage-ment, Department of the Interior. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee began consid-
eration of the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Thursday, May, 14, 2015. 
AMERICAN INTERESTS IN THE EAST AND 
SOUTH CHINA SEAS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine safeguarding American inter-ests in the East and South China Seas, after receiving testimony from Daniel Russel, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs; and David Shear, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs. 
SECURING THE BORDER 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine se-
curing the border, focusing on fencing, infrastruc-ture, and technology force multipliers, after receiving testimony from Randolph D. Alles, Assistant Com-missioner, Office of Air and Marine, Mark Borkowski, Assistant Commissioner, Office of Tech-nology Innovation and Acquisition, and Ronald Vitiello, Deputy Chief, Office of Border Patrol, all of Customs and Border Protection, and Anh Duong, Director, Borders and Maritime Security Division, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Science and Technology Directorate, all of the Department of Homeland Security; Rebecca Gambler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Ac-countability Office; and Michael John Garcia, Legis-lative Attorney, Congressional Research Service, Li-brary of Congress. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 986, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D529 May 13, 2015 
EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
INDIAN CHILDREN 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on organizational challenges in transforming educational opportunities for Indian children, after receiving testimony from Charles Roessel, Director, Bureau of Indian Education, De-partment of the Interior; Melissa Emrey-Arras, Di-rector, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office; Carri Jones, Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, Cass Lake, Minnesota; and Tommy Lewis, Navajo Nation Department of Dine Education, Window Rock, Arizona. 
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO COUNSEL 
FOR INDIGENTS CHARGED WITH MISDEMEANORS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine protecting the constitutional right to counsel for indigents charged with mis-demeanors, after receiving testimony from Neil Ful-ton, Chief Federal Public Defender for the Districts of North and South Dakota; Mark S. Cady, Supreme Court of Iowa Chief Justice, Des Moines, on behalf of the Conference of Chief Justices; David A. Sin-gleton, Ohio Justice and Policy Center, Cincinnati; Robert C. Boruchowitz, Seattle University School of Law, Seattle, Washington; and Erica Hashimoto, University of Georgia School of Law, Athens. 
BENEFITS LEGISLATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine pending benefits legislation, in-cluding S. 270, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to revise the definition of spouse for purposes of veterans benefits in recognition of new State defi-nitions of spouse, S. 602, to amend title 38, United States Code, to consider certain time spent by mem-bers of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, S. 627, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, S. 681, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, S. 1203, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the proc-essing by the Department of Veterans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill en-titled ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living-Ad-justment Act of 2015’’, after receiving testimony from Senators Ayotte and Gillibrand; David R. McLenachen, Acting Deputy Under Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for Disability Assistance, Veterans Ben-efits Administration; Anthony M. Kurta, Deputy As-sistant Secretary of Defense, Military Personnel Pol-icy; Teresa W. Gerton, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Labor for Policy, Veterans’ Employment and Train-ing Service; and Alphonso Maldon, Jr., Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission, Jeffrey Phillips, Reserve Officers Association of the United States, and Aleks Morosky, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2285–2314; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 51; and H. Res. 261, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H2956–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2959–60 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 260, providing for further consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–112). 
                                                                                            Page H2956 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Dold to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H2881 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:59 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H2887 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Larry Kendrick, Archer’s Chapel United Methodist Church, Brownsville, Ten-nessee.
                                                                      Pages H2887–88 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H2888, H2940 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D530 May 13, 2015 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the Chair may postpone further proceedings today on a motion to recommit as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
                    Page H2901 
USA FREEDOM Act of 2015: The House passed 
H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, by a recorded vote of 338 ayes to 88 noes, Roll No. 224.
                                                                          Pages H2901–23 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–111 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H2901 
H. Res. 255, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1735), (H.R. 36), and (H.R. 2048), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 221, after the previous question was ordered.
                                              Page H2892 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act: The 
House passed H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 184 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 223.
        Pages H2923–39 
Rejected the Brownley (CA) motion to recommit 
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote 
of 181 yeas to 246 nays, Roll No. 222. 
                                                                                    Pages H2936–38 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–111 shall be considered as adopted.
      Page H2924 
H. Res. 255, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1735), (H.R. 36), and (H.R. 2048), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 221, after the previous question was ordered.
                                              Page H2892 
Moment of silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in honor of all law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
                                                                                            Page H2939 
Unanimous consent agreement: Agreed by unani-
mous consent that debate under clause 1(c) of rule 15 on a motion to suspend the rules relating to H.R. 1191 be extended to one hour.
              Page H2940 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: The House began consideration of H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Consid-
eration is expected to resume tomorrow, May 14. 
                                                                      Pages H2940–48, H2955 
H. Res. 255, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1735), (H.R. 36), and (H.R. 2048), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 221, after the previous question was ordered.
                                              Page H2892 
Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance—Reappointment: The Chair announced on 
behalf of the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, the joint reappointment on May 13, 2015 of Ms. Barbara L. Camens of Washington, DC, Chair, and Ms. Roberta L. Holzwarth of Rockford, Illinois, each to a two-year term on the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance.
                                Page H2948 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Representative Becerra. 
                                                                                            Page H2948 
Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman 
Scholarship Foundation—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholar-ship Foundation: Representative Deutch. 
                                                                                    Pages H2948–49 
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representa-tives Israel and Loretta Sanchez (CA).
            Page H2949 
House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: Representatives Davis (CA), Sherman, and Richmond.
                                                                    Page H2949 
Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s 
appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memo-rial Commission: Representatives Bishop (GA) and Thompson (CA).
                                                        Page H2949 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D531 May 13, 2015 
Republic of China: Representatives Walz, Kaptur, 
Honda, and Lieu (CA).                                            Page H2949 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Representatives Hastings (FL), Slaughter, Cohen, and Grayson.
             Page H2949 
United States Capitol Preservation Commis-sion—Minority Leader Reappointment: Read a 
letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the Honorable Marcy Kap-tur of Ohio to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission.
                                                                Page H2949 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Mi-nority Leader Reappointment: Read a letter from 
Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the Honorable James P. McGovern of Massachusetts as Co-Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission.
                               Page H2949 
National Council on the Arts—Minority Leader Reappointment: Read a letter from Representative 
Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the Honorable Betty McCollum of Minnesota to the National Council on the Arts.
                            Page H2949 
Recess: The House recessed at 8 p.m. and recon-
vened at 11 p.m.                                                        Page H2955 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency with respect to Yemen that was declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012 is to continue in effect beyond May 16, 2015—re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–36).
         Page H2923 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2892. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2901, H2937–38, H2938–39, and H2939. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 11:01 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FEDERAL COORDINATION AND RESPONSE REGARDING POLLINATOR HEALTH 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture, and Research held a hear-ing to review the federal coordination and response regarding pollinator health. Testimony was heard from Robert Johansson, Acting Chief Economist, 
Department of Agriculture; and Jim Jones, Assistant Administrator, Office of Safety and Pollution Preven-tion, Environmental Protection Agency. 
APPROPRIATIONS—TRANSPORTATION, 
HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 and Revised Report on the Sub-allocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016. The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. The Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016 was approved. 
DISCUSSION DRAFTS ADDRESSING 
HYDROPOWER REGULATORY MODERNIZATION AND FERC PROCESS COORDINATION UNDER THE NATURAL GAS ACT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Discus-sion Drafts Addressing Hydropower Regulatory Modernization and FERC Process Coordination under the Natural Gas Act’’. Testimony was heard from Paul R. LePage, Governor of Maine; Ann F. Miles, Director, Office of Energy Projects, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; and public wit-nesses. 
STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES ON THE 
IANA TRANSITION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on the IANA Tran-sition’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE DODD-FRANK ACT AND 
REGULATORY OVERREACH 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act and Regulatory Overreach’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO ENHANCE 
CAPITAL FORMATION AND REDUCE REGULATORY BURDENS, PART II 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to En-hance Capital Formation and Reduce Regulatory Burdens, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D532 May 13, 2015 
ANCIENT COMMUNITIES UNDER ATTACK: 
ISIS’S WAR ON RELIGIOUS MINORITIES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ancient Communities Under At-tack: ISIS’s War on Religious Minorities’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a mark-up on H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Re-duction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 1615, H.R. 1626, H.R. 1633, H.R. 1640, and H.R. 1646. 
STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES ON ICANN: 
THE .SUCKS DOMAIN AND ESSENTIAL STEPS TO GUARANTEE TRUST AND ACCOUNTABILITY IN THE INTERNET’S OPERATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, 
Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on ICANN: The .Sucks Domain and Essential Steps to Guarantee Trust and Accountability in the Internet’s Oper-ation’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION’S CEQ 
RECENTLY REVISED DRAFT GUIDANCE 
FOR GHG EMISSIONS AND THE EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s CEQ Recently Revised Draft Guidance for GHG Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change’’. Testi-mony was heard from Christy Goldfuss, Managing Director, Council on Environmental Quality; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE; 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY: ARE OUR AIRPORTS SAFE? 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on a bill to clarify the ef-fective date of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Transportation Security: Are Our Airports Safe?’’. The bill to clarify the effective date of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 was ordered reported, without amendment. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Secu-
rity; Jennifer Grover, Acting Director, Homeland Se-curity and Justice, Government Accountability Of-fice; and a public witness. 
THE EMP THREAT: THE STATE OF 
PREPAREDNESS AGAINST THE THREAT OF AN ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE (EMP) EVENT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on the Interior, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The EMP Threat: The State of Preparedness Against the Threat of an Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) Event’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (Amendment Consider-ation). The committee granted, by a record vote of 8–3, a structured rule for further consideration of H.R. 1735. The rule provides no further general de-bate. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–14 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the report and amend-ments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolu-tion. Each such amendment printed in the report may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report or against amend-ments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolu-tion. In section 3, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amend-ments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D533 May 13, 2015 
rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-
out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Chabot and Representatives Coffman, Cooper, Brooks of Alabama, Johnson of Georgia, Fleming, Walz, Nugent, Takai, Bridenstine, Russell, McGov-ern, Polis, Hastings, Young of Alaska, Maxine Waters of California, Rohrabacher, Jackson Lee, Lee, Fitzpatrick, Pascrell, Thompson of Pennsylvania, Langevin, Dold, Schiff, Perry, Cicilline, Rothfus, Hahn, Brat, Adams of North Carolina, Clawson of Florida, Dingell, Sanford, Hardy, and Walker. 
NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION AND THE 
NATIONAL LABS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Nu-clear Energy Innovation and the National Labs’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 2262, the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneur-ship Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1508, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2261, the ‘‘Commercial Remote Sensing Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2263, the ‘‘Office of Space Com-merce Act’’. The following bills were ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 2262, H.R. 1508, and H.R. 2261. H.R. 2263 was ordered reported, with-out amendment. 
BRIDGING THE SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL 
GAP: PEER-TO-PEER LENDING 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Bridging the Small Business Cap-ital Gap: Peer-to-Peer Lending’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
STAGGERS RAIL ACT: RAILROAD DEREGULATION PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials held a hearing entitled ‘‘The 35th Anni-versary of the Staggers Rail Act: Railroad Deregula-tion Past, Present, and Future’’. Testimony was heard from Debra Miller, Acting Chairman, Surface Transportation Board; and public witnesses. 
ASSESSING THE PROMISE AND PROGRESS 
OF THE CHOICE PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Promise and Progress of the Choice Program’’. Testimony was heard from Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary, Department of Vet-
erans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MAY 14, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine regulatory issues impacting end-users and market liquidity, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Labor Relations Board, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: closed business meeting to 
continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 411, to authorize the approval of nat-ural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land, S. 485, to prohibit the use of emi-nent domain in carrying out certain projects, S. 1017, to amend the Federal Power Act to improve the siting of interstate electric transmission facilities, S. 1037, to ex-pand the provisions for termination of mandatory pur-chase requirements under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, S. 1196, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant rights-of-ways on Federal land, S. 1201, to advance the integration of clean distributed energy into electric grids, S. 1202, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to assist States in adopting updated interconnection procedures and tariff schedules and stand-ards for supplemental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power technology, S. 1207, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish a grant program under which the Secretary shall make grants to eligible partner-ships to provide for the transformation of the electric grid by the year 2030, S. 1210, to provide for the timely con-sideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to oil and gas production and distribution, S. 1213, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 and the Federal Power Act to facilitate the free market for distributed energy re-sources, S. 1217, to establish an Interagency Rapid Re-sponse Team for Transmission, to establish an Office of Transmission Ombudsperson, S. 1219, to amend the Pub-lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the safe and reliable interconnection of distributed re-
sources and to provide for the examination of the effects of net metering, S. 1220, to improve the distribution of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D534 May 13, 2015 
energy in the United States, S. 1225, to improve Federal 
land management, resource conservation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose ca-dastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Federal land inventories, S. 1227, to require the Secretary of Energy to develop an implementation strategy to promote the development of hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated communities, S. 1228, to require approval for the construction, connec-tion, operation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipe-lines or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico, S. 1231, to require congressional notification for certain Strategic Petroleum Reserve operations and to de-termine options available for the continued operation of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, S. 1232, to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid modernization, S. 1233, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to expand the electric rate-setting authority of 
States, S. 1237, to amend the Natural Gas Act to limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy to approve cer-tain proposals relating to export activities of liquefied natural gas terminals, S. 1242, to amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion to consider regional constraints in natural gas supply and whether a proposed LNG terminal would benefit re-gional consumers of natural gas before approving or dis-approving an application for the LNG terminal, and S. 1243, to facilitate modernizing the electric grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine a 
pathway to improving care for Medicare patients with chronic conditions, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine cybersecurity, focusing on setting the rules for responsible global cyber behavior, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on a 
bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, markup on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Federal Govern-ment’s Mismanagement of Native American Schools’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, markup on the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’; and H.R. 1321, the ‘‘Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, 
markup on the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’, 12 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Protecting Consumers: Financial Data Security in the Age of Computer Hackers’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure: Examining the Costs and Benefits of Changes to the Real Estate Settle-ment Process’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Economic Interests in Asia’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Energy Revolution in the Western Hemisphere: Opportunities and Challenges for the U.S.’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, markup on H.R. 2140, to promote freedom, human rights, and the rule of law as part of United States-Vietnam relations; and H. Res. 213, condemning the April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; hearing entitled ‘‘A Pathway to Freedom: Rescue and Refuge for Sex Trafficking Victims, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-
gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, markup on H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2206, the ‘‘State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhance-ment Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act (LARA) of 2015’’; H.R. 526, the ‘‘Furthering Asbestos Claim Trans-parency (FACT) Act of 2015’’; and H. Con. Res. 13, ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the radical Islamic movement in Afghanistan known as the Taliban should be recognized official as a foreign terrorist organization by the United States Government, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Litigation and Increased Planning’s Impact on Our Nation’s Overgrown, Fire- Prone National Forests’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing on H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Supporting Transparent Regu-latory and Environmental Actions in Mining Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Inadequate Standards for Trust Land Acquisition in the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Secret Service: Account-ability for March 4, 2015 Misconduct’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D535 May 13, 2015 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Major Acquisitions’’, 10:30 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in VA’s Purchase Card Program’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial 
Affairs, markup on H.R. 675, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensa-tion Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 677, 
the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 732, the ‘‘Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act’’; H.R. 1067, the ‘‘U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims Reform Act’’; H.R. 1331, the ‘‘Quicker Veterans Benefits Deliv-ery Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1414, the ‘‘Pay As You Rate 
Act’’; H.R. 1569, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that the estate of a deceased veteran may receive certain accrued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1607, the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Committee on the Library: organizational business 
meeting to consider committee’s rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 3:40 p.m., SC–4, Capitol. 
Joint Committee on Printing: organizational business 
meeting to consider committee’s rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 3:50 p.m., SC–4, Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD536 May 13, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 10 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of H.R. 1295, IRS Bureaucracy Reduction and Judicial Review Act, and H.R. 644, America Gives More Act, en bloc, and vote on passage of the bills at 12 p.m. 
At approximately 2 p.m., Senate will vote on the mo-
tion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organiza-tions the Right to Appeal Act, upon reconsideration. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, May 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Continue consideration of H.R. 
1734—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of bills under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E695 
Boehner, John A., Ohio, E683 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E690, E697 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E688 Capps, Lois, Calif., E691 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E692 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E698 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E691 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E690 Foster, Bill, Ill., E696 Garamendi, John, Calif., E688 
Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E690 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E691, E693 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E697 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E688 Keating, William R., Mass., E694 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E692, E697 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E689, E690, E691, E692, E694, 
E695, E696, E697, E698 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E687, E693 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E697 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E693 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E696 
Meadows, Mark, N.C., E689, E695 Messer, Luke, Ind., E690, E692 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E693 Olson, Pete, Tex., E689, E693, E696 Poe, Ted, Tex., E695 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E695 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E688, E694 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E687, E689, E692, E694 Upton, Fred, Mich., E695 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E698 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E689 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13MY5.REC D13MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST