Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6147 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 2015 No. 122 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, July 31, 2015, at 1 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , JULY30, 2015 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, enthroned above all 
other powers, thank You for the gift of this day. Use our lawmakers for Your glory. May they find obedience to You not a burden but a delight. May they find the cost of loyalty to Your pre-cepts not a trial but a privilege, as they discover in Your Words wings to uplift our Nation and world. 
Lord, inspire our Senators to make 
decisions that will build monuments of moral excellence and courage for gen-erations to come. Open their eyes to Your wisdom, as You continue to up-hold our Nation with Your powerful hand. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. NATIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER 
APPRECIATION DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 236, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 236) designating July 
30, 2015, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appre-ciation Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The resolution (S. Res. 236) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
many thought we would never get here, but we have. Later today, the Senate will pass a multiyear highway bill that does not raise taxes by a penny, and we will do it on a broad bipartisan basis. This is more than just another accom-plishment for the Senate. It is a win for our country because the bill would cut redtape and streamline regulations, 
it would modernize infrastructure and advance research and innovation, it would enact new transparency meas-ures to empower Americans to see how much of their tax money is actually being spent, and because it is a multiyear bill it would give States, cit-ies, and towns the certainty they need to better plan road and bridge projects well into the future. 
The multiyear nature of this legisla-
tion is one of its most critical compo-nents. It is also something the House and Senate are not united on. We all want the House to have the space it needs to develop its own bill because we all want to work out the best pos-sible legislation for the American peo-ple in conference later this year. So we will take up a measure this afternoon to give them that space, while also de-livering important relief to veterans. 
The bill will extend a helping hand to 
heroes who need it by covering un-funded requirements the administra-tion failed to budget for. I hope we will rally in support of veterans when that measure is considered, just as we con-tinue to rally in support of a multiyear bipartisan and fiscally responsible highway bill we will pass today. 
Some never thought this day would 
come, but thanks to the enduring dedi-cation of Senators on both sides of the aisle—in particular, Senator I
NHOFE , 
Senator B OXER , as well as Senator 
THUNE , Senator N ELSON , and Senator 
HATCH —it is here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.000 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6148 July 30, 2015 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, the purpose of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act is to ensure Congress has a fully informed understanding of any comprehensive agreement reached between the admin-istration and Iran. These are principles both parties endorsed when they voted overwhelmingly to pass that measure earlier this year. These are principles President Obama endorsed when he signed it into law. These are principles that need to be upheld. 
That is why I recently joined Speak-
er B
OEHNER , Senator C OTTON , and Con-
gressman P OMPEO in calling on the ad-
ministration to comply with the terms of this law by providing the Senate with the text of the two side agree-ments reached between Iran and the IAEA. That was more than a week ago, but we still have yet to receive it. Without this critical information, Re-publicans and Democrats in Congress may not be able to properly assess such a highly consequential deal with Iran. That is simply not acceptable. The ad-ministration needs to turn over the side agreements without delay. Let me say that again. The administration needs to turn over the side agreements without delay. 
Even considering all this, the Senate 
has already begun its necessary over-sight of the deal that will soon be be-fore us. The Armed Services Com-mittee held a hearing yesterday on the strategic and military implications of the deal. The Foreign Relations Com-mittee also held a hearing yesterday to consider the alternatives to this agree-ment. 
Today it will consider the implica-
tions of sanctions relief for Iran, along with Congress’s ability to impose addi-tional sanctions if Tehran persists in its support of terrorism. The Intel-ligence Committee has already em-barked on a series of briefings and hearings that will help Congress deter-
mine whether the deal can even be verified. 
As the review moves forward, we will 
continue working to assess the relative threat posed to the Greater Middle East and to the United States by an Iranian regime empowered with a threshold nuclear program and billions of dollars of additional resources. I know this worries a lot of Members in both parties. 
Consider what the top Democrat on 
the House Foreign Affairs Committee said just this week: 
I’m troubled that what this essentially 
does is after fifteen years it legitimizes Iran as a nuclear threshold state. After fifteen years Iran can produce weapons-grade high-ly-enriched uranium without limitations and that is disturbing because what that means to me is it really doesn’t prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon. It just postpones it. 
That is the top Democrat on the 
House Foreign Affairs Committee. He is not the only Democrat or Republican with these types of concerns. We will keep working for answers. We will also keep pressing for a more 
fulsome revelation of the true extent of the possible military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
Understanding Iran’s relative trust-
worthiness in the past will be critical to determining Iran’s potential for trustworthiness in the future—wheth-er, for instance, it can truly be trusted to live up to its commitments in to-day’s agreement. Getting a fuller pic-ture of Iran’s past nuclear activities and research will also be important to ensuring the U.N. Security Council, which rushed to approve the com-prehensive deal, has a more com-prehensive understanding moving for-ward. 
We will continue working hard to as-
sess this agreement on behalf of the American people who absolutely de-serve a say in a deal of this magnitude. At the end, Congress will take a vote and answer a simple but powerful ques-tion: Will this agreement actually make America and its allies safer? 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE 
AND MEDICAID 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Repub-
licans called it ‘‘the beginning of so-cialized medicine.’’ The Wall Street Journal accused Democrats and the President of ‘‘politicking with a na-tion’s health.’’ One Republican Senator called the health care law ‘‘brazen so-cialism.’’ 
Further: 
It is not needed. It is socialism. It moves 
the country in a direction which is not good for anyone, whether they be young or old. It charts a course from which there will be no turning back. . . . It is not only socialism— it is brazen socialism. 
You would think that based on the 
50-plus times of trying to overturn ObamaCare, that is what the Repub-lican Senators were talking about, but, no, that was Medicare. They weren’t talking about ObamaCare; Medicare is what they were talking about. 
Fifty years ago, President Lyndon 
Johnson signed into law Medicare and Medicaid. At that time, conservatives believed that access to health care through government was the worst pos-sible decision any elected official could make—and so many Republicans, the same thing. In fact, Republicans still do feel that way. Even after decades of Medicare’s success, they are still clam-oring for the program’s elimination or massive changes. 
Jeb Bush—a frontrunner for the Re-
publican Presidential nomination— called for ‘‘phasing out’’ Medicare. Where did he do this? At a Koch broth-ers rally in New Hampshire. Jeb Bush— a frontrunner for the Republican Presi-dential nomination—said let’s phase out Medicare. How about that one? For half a century, Republicans have 
continued to attack Medicare, despite all the good it has done. They have tried to privatize Medicare and turn it into a voucher system and reduce bene-fits for seniors. Republicans attacked the closing of the prescription drug doughnut hole and elimination of cost- sharing for preventative coverage sim-ply because they were improvements made by the Affordable Care Act. 
Republicans have repeatedly sought 
to destroy Medicaid, and Republican Governors have turned back millions of Federal dollars and denied their citi-zens, the most needy of all, coverage simply because of ideology. 
This week they renewed their never- 
ending assault on women’s health by trying to defund Planned Parenthood in reaction to a radical rightwing cru-sade by an extremist group. American women value Planned Parenthood be-cause they know Planned Parenthood provides vital health care services to millions of women, but Republicans are choosing to disseminate access to the health services of women. Women need this health care to stay healthy. 
Why are they doing it? I guess, to 
further their political agenda. When will the Republican attack on effective health care programs end? 
Medicare and Medicaid have posi-
tively affected and even saved millions of Americans’ lives. Before Medicare, nearly half of all seniors age 65 and older were uninsured. The elderly were discriminated against simply because of their age. If you were fortunate enough to have health insurance, you paid over 50 percent of the cost straight out of your pocket. 
My first elected job was from Clark 
County. That is in Las Vegas, NV. I was chosen to be a member of the board of trustees of Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital—the largest hos-pital district in Nevada. After a year or so, I became chairman of the board of trustees. I was there when Medicare came into being. Prior to Medicare, more than 40 percent of all seniors who came into our hospital were required to have a brother, a son, a daughter, a mother, a father, a husband, a wife or a neighbor sign on the dotted line, say-ing: If that bill is not paid, we will guarantee it is paid. 
We had a collection department in 
that hospital that was very aggressive and went after these people. That is how bad it was for seniors, but today, 50 years later, about 99 percent of sen-iors are insured and go to the hospital when they need care. 
The cost during their working years 
is a small amount of out-of-pocket costs. The program that we call Medi-care is a lifeline. Before Medicare and Medicaid, health care for millions of younger Americans was subject to rac-ism and discrimination. A White Amer-ican was 30 percent more likely to be admitted to a hospital than an African American. In fact, in many cases emer-gency response calls were subject to race confirmation before action. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.002 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6149 July 30, 2015 
wanted to know where you lived, and if 
the color of your skin wasn’t just right when you were brought to the hospital, you went on your way. Today the dis-parity in hospitalization rates between minorities and White Americans has decreased significantly. 
Medicare and Medicaid have pro-
tected the health and well-being of mil-lions of seniors, individuals with dis-abilities, low-income individuals, and millions of children. 
In the past 50 years, Medicaid has 
grown to be the Nation’s primary health insurance program for low-in-come individuals and families. Med-icaid has grown to cover nearly 70 mil-lion Americans, including more than 40 million children. 
Today Medicaid covers nearly half of 
all births in the United States and en-sures that children receive the health care they desperately need in the early stages of their lives. By providing early childhood health care to millions, Med-icaid has improved the long-term health of children and contributed to their overall quality of life. 
Medicaid has also provided health 
care and long-term services to 16 mil-lion low-income seniors and individuals with disabilities. Medicaid pays for services that Medicare does not cover. It ensures that low-income seniors and individuals with disabilities have ac-cess to a wide variety of services. These options allow them to remain in their communities rather than relocate to nursing homes. But when they do have to go to a nursing home, the vast majority of people in convalescent cen-ters in America are Medicaid recipi-ents. 
Sadly, 22 States have chosen not to 
expand Medicaid coverage, and this de-cision has hurt millions of people who can’t afford health care any other way. Why do States and the Republican Gov-ernors of those States oppose this? Be-cause it is part of ObamaCare. 
To his credit, the conservative Re-
publican Governor from the State of Nevada, Brian Sandoval, was one of the first Governors to sign on to this pro-gram. He didn’t care if it was a Demo-cratic program or a Republican pro-gram; it helped people in Nevada who needed help. I truly admire him for doing that. The expansion of Medicaid in States throughout the country would boost States’ economic activ-ity—and Brian Sandoval knows that— and create job growth, in addition to providing quality, affordable health care to vulnerable Americans. The State of Nevada is a relatively sparsely populated State. Almost 200,000 people are receiving the health care they need and would not have but for ObamaCare and Governor Brian Sandoval. 
Medicaid expansion would benefit 
every State. The Affordable Care Act transformed Medicaid into a true safe-ty net for vulnerable Americans. We should be expanding this coverage, not restricting it for partisan gain. 
Medicare and Medicaid have pro-
tected Americans for 50 years, and our Nation is healthier and stronger be-
cause of its existence. But despite 50 years of undeniable Medicare and Med-icaid success, Republicans remain com-mitted to ending access to health care for those who need it the most. 
We will be celebrating ObamaCare’s 
success 50 years from now while Repub-licans call for the Affordable Care Act to be phased out, like Jeb Bush wants. In 50 years, will there be a Republican Presidential wanna-be out there saying ‘‘Let’s get rid of ObamaCare; let’s phase it out’’? I hope not. 
Republicans have repeatedly engaged 
in politically motivated attacks de-signed to undermine the law that transformed our Nation’s health care system. The Affordable Care Act has helped millions of Americans to gain access to quality health care. Since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, 16.4 million Americans have got-ten quality health care—many of them for the first time in their lives. The United States has seen the largest de-cline in the uninsured rate in decades, if not forever. In the last 18 months, the uninsured rate for nonelderly adults has fallen by 35 percent. Health care costs have grown at their slowest rate in 50 years. Patient safety initia-tives are keeping Americans safe. 
The Affordable Care Act is working. 
It is the law of the land, and that is not going to change. There have been more than 50 votes to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act and there have been repeated challenges to this law before the courts, but we have won on every level. The American people have won twice with the stamp of approval by the Supreme Court. Last month we witnessed the Supreme Court rule, as I have indicated, again for the second time in favor of the Affordable Care Act. It is here to stay. It is here to stay because the American people want af-fordable health care. 
American seniors need affordable, ac-
cessible health care coverage, and they need it right now. 
Five decades ago—50 years ago— 
President Johnson said: 
No longer will older Americans be denied 
the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the sav-ings they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years. No longer will young fami-lies see their own incomes, and their own hopes eaten away simply because they are carrying out their deep moral obligations to their parents, and to their uncles, and their aunts. 
The Republicans have spent the last 
five decades fighting against President Johnson’s dream. The Republicans are determined to roll back access to health care for Americans. It is hard to believe, but it is true. Just this week the Senate held a vote on whether to repeal this lifesaving program—again. It is clear that after 50 years, the Re-publicans have learned nothing. 
We should be building on the success 
of Medicare, Medicaid, and the Afford-able Care Act. We need to be expanding coverage to all Americans. We should be encouraging States to expand Med-
icaid access. Democrats are com-mitted—just as President Johnson was half a century ago—to giving Ameri-cans the health care they need and de-serve. 
Will the Chair announce the schedule 
for today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 22, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, soon we 
will vote on final passage of a bill that will provide a long-term solution to the shortfalls of the highway trust fund. If enacted, this bill will provide the long-est paid-for authorization of highway and transportation spending in nearly a decade. 
This bill is the result of an incredible 
amount of work by a number of Sen-ators, including our distinguished ma-jority leader as well as the chairman and ranking member of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee. I commend them for setting aside par-tisan differences to find a solution de-spite the cynicism and naysaying from some of our colleagues and others here in Washington. 
I am also pleased to have been able to 
play a part in these efforts, working with Leader M
CCONNELL to identify 
suitable offsets to pay for the reauthor-ization of the highway and transit pro-grams. While the Finance Committee, which I chair, has jurisdiction over the funding stream for the highway trust fund, we had to cull together offsets from other areas and other committees in order to pay for this multiyear high-way bill. This required the cooperation of multiple chairmen and committees, all working together toward a common goal. 
One of the most remarkable things 
about this bill is that it provides 3 full years of highway funding without rais-ing taxes or adding to the deficit. We have heard time and again that a long- term highway bill would only be pos-sible if we included a big tax increase. With the upcoming final vote on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.004 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6150 July 30, 2015 
bill, the Senate is about to prove other-
wise, and it will do so with bipartisan support. This is how the Senate should operate, particularly when we are deal-ing with something as big and impor-tant as highway funding. 
As I said last week, this bill rep-
resents a victory for good government and is yet another bipartisan win for the Senate under the current leader-ship. Like many of my colleagues, my hope is that eventually the House of Representatives will follow suit and work toward passage of a similar long- term highway bill so that we can come together, reconcile differences, and fin-ish the job. While I know there are some divisions on the other side of the Capitol about the Senate’s overall strategy and maybe even some of the particulars in our bill, I think we have shown that a long-term bill is a real-istic goal and a preferable option to yet another short-term highway patch. 
Once again, I am well aware of the 
desire of some in Congress and in the administration to marry long-term highway funding to some kind of tax reform. As the chairman of the Sen-ate’s tax-writing committee and its most outspoken supporter of tax re-form, I think that idea has a lot of merit. I commend those who are think-ing in those terms. Fortunately, this bill will provide just that opportunity while giving added certainty to our States as they plan their highway projects and to our builders and job creators looking to expand and hire more workers. 
Put simply, the Senate’s highway ap-
proach is a win for everyone. The House should consider our approach, and I hope they will. 
Long story short, today is a good 
day. Today the Senate will accomplish something few thought possible. While the process has been a bit more dif-ficult and divisive than many of us would have liked, I personally am very pleased to see the Senate function properly and govern responsibly. 
There are a lot of things we can fight 
over here in Congress, but I think we can—or at least should—all agree on the need to come together to pay for our Nation’s infrastructure. I am pleased to join with my colleagues— Senators from both parties—in taking a major step toward that goal today. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak as in morning business for no more than 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE  
Mr. President, I rise today to com-
memorate the 50th anniversary of Medicare. Fifty years ago, on July 30, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed into law the legislation to create Medi-care. I say thank God for Medicare. It was a great idea 50 years ago, 50 
months ago, 50 weeks ago, and 50 min-utes ago. 
I stand on the Senate floor to say 
that we must keep Medicare as Medi-care and keep the integrity and sol-vency of Medicare. We cannot turn Medicare into a voucher; we cannot di-lute it, phase it out, or eliminate it. And until my last vote is cast in the Senate, I will defend Medicare. 
I saw what it meant. In the summer 
of 1965, I had just graduated from the University of Maryland School of So-cial Work. Change was in the air. The civil rights movement was making its progress toward history and moving forward. There were beginning doubts about the Vietnam war, and the Nation was recovering from the assassination of President Kennedy. President John-son wanted to lead in a bold way, hav-ing had a landslide victory, and he said he wanted to create a great society. He knew that a great society meant that we had to have a great heart. 
What we knew then, as we know 
today, is that people feared financial bankruptcy because of health care costs. They were terrified that a heart attack that resulted in hospitalization would bankrupt the family. They de-layed the idea of getting cataract sur-gery, which then needed to be done in the hospital, not because they were afraid of the surgery but because they were afraid of the cost of surgery. If you were a small, independent business person over 65, you often had no health insurance. It didn’t matter whether you were in agriculture or an urban small business. 
Medicare changed all of that. Medi-
care protected people from two things. No. 1, it protected them so that they could go to a doctor when they needed to and have health care when they needed it. No. 2, it protected them from financial disaster. 
Today, 55 million Americans—nearly 
every senior—have access to Medicare, including 1 million seniors. 
What was so significant about that 
bill is that it provided universal access to doctors. 
No. 2, it had no barriers because of 
preexisting conditions. 
No. 3, it was portable because it was 
national. Whether a person was in 
Maryland or Utah or whatever State, Medicare was the national program, and it was viewed as an earned benefit. 
America at that time had many 
things going for it. One was that we had a sense of self-confidence that we could really solve problems and meet the compelling needs of our country, and the other was that we had compas-sion. 
One of my guiding principles, which I 
believed then as well, and that guided the Nation at that time was the guid-ing principle of honor thy father and mother. We knew that it was not only a great commandment to live by, but it was a good policy to live by. Therefore, we ensured that all Americans had ac-cess to health care, regardless of their income. As I said, in the 1960s—1965 was the 
year that I actually graduated from the school of social work. I worked for a program called ‘‘responding to the elderly’s abilities and sicknesses other-wise neglected.’’ It was called Oper-ation Reason. Our job—a social worker and a nurse, one of my oldest friends from school—was to help elderly people know about the program and sign up for the program and help them use the program. It was the joy—the sheer joy—people experienced when they heard about this program, knowing that simply because they were Amer-ican citizens, their needs would be taken care of, with a modest premium. 
Part A was hospitalization—a safety 
net. In those days, care for significant illnesses had to be done in the hospital. The advances of medicine and medical technology has allowed us now to do less in the hospital, such as cataract surgery and other surgeries being done on an outpatient basis. Those advances weren’t there in the 1960s. So people no longer had to fear the cost of hos-pitalization. 
Then there was this program called 
Part B. That meant seniors had access to see a doctor, to see if they had dia-betes, to see if they had high blood pressure, to see why they couldn’t see those grandchildren or do their work on the family farm, the small business or in the factories that we had in those days. What they needed was maybe bet-ter eyesight—that cataract surgery. Maybe they were feeling old and slow not because of age but because they had diabetes or other issues. Then, of course, there was the cost of the dread-ed ‘‘c’’ word—cancer. 
My colleague and I worked in the 
neighborhoods to make sure we took care of how people could get to the fa-cilities, know about those services, and know about those barriers. In those days, Baltimore seniors were strug-gling. When they retired, it was often the end of health insurance. It meant nearly half of the seniors were unin-sured. They went to clinics, standing in very long lines, often shuttled back and forth from one clinic to another. They got their blood work here, they looked at their kidneys there, and they looked at their eyes here. Their con-cept of primary care was fragmented. 
Before Medicare, millions of seniors, 
as I have said, were just one heart at-tack away from bankruptcy or one can-cer diagnosis away from destitution. That was before Medicare. 
Many were skeptical about Medicare. 
Once again, the other party fought it. They were wondering what it would mean. People were skeptical. Was this a big government move or was it a big opportunity? My job was to show them that this program was not about big government, but about government with a big heart. 
After four months of operation, we 
had enrolled hundreds of people into this much needed program. And what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.005 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6151 July 30, 2015 
has it meant? Before Medicare, 48 per-
cent of seniors had no health insur-ance. Today, only 2 percent are unin-sured. Out-of-pocket costs have de-creased. Before Medicare, seniors paid 56 percent of health care costs out of their pocket. Imagine what that meant if you were hospitalized in those days. Life expectancy is now 5 years longer. Death from heart disease has dropped. Our elderly poverty rate has declined. Seniors have access to more affordable drugs. 
This isn’t about numbers, and it isn’t 
about statistics. It is about people. It is about the compelling needs of human beings. It is about government that says: I am on your side and at your side, and we are going to use our na-tional resources, our national brain power, our national know-how to be able to create a program that you can participate in and that at the end of the day, your life will be better and our society will be improved. 
I am really proud of what the Con-
gress and the President did 50 years ago. I hope we have that same attitude again. It is not about big government; it is about government with a big heart. 
I will say this: There are those who 
continue to talk about ending Medi-care. Most recently, a Presidential can-didate who I think has incredible abil-ity—Jeb Bush—said he wanted to phase out Medicare. I don’t get it. How do we phase out Medicare? Do we start first with age? Do we phase out 90-year-olds, and then the next year we phase out 80- year-olds? How do we phase it out? Do we phase it out by disease? OK, this year, no more diabetics; OK, this year, no more cancer patients—they really cost a lot of money. What does it mean to phase it out, and what are we phas-ing it out to? 
Medicare cannot be privatized. We 
must continue it as a guaranteed ben-efit. Do we need to reform it, take a look at it, refresh it? The answer is yes. We have done that, such as when we added Part B. But I will say this: No matter what, thank God for Medicare. 
When we go around this country, no 
matter how they feel about govern-ment or about Congress, people love Social Security and they love Medi-care. We have to defend it. We have to make sure it is there as we need it. 
So on this 50th anniversary of Medi-
care, let’s come together to make sure we continue to be focused not on big government but on a sense of self-con-fidence and a belief in our country to solve big problems and that we con-tinue to act like a country with a big heart. We can do it because we have done it in the past. 
I will conclude by saying: Thank God 
for Medicare, and I thank God for the ability to be here on the floor of the Senate to defend it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have 
a unanimous consent request, but I am waiting for Senator G
RASSLEY from 
Iowa, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, to propound it, so I will speak first and then do the request. 
I rise today to address the growing 
crisis of judicial vacancies in our Fed-eral and district courts. 
There are no values more American 
than the speedy application of justice and the right to petition the govern-ment for a redress of grievances. Frankly, neither of those can be achieved without justices and judges on the bench. 
It is the job of the Senate to respon-
sibly keep up with the need to confirm judges. Yet we have a 10-percent va-cancy in judicial positions throughout the United States. We have 28 districts that are considered ‘‘judicial emer-gencies.’’ In my home State of New York, in the Western District, there is not a single active district judge—zero. The Western District has one of the busiest caseloads in the country. It handles more criminal cases than Washington, DC, or Boston or Cleve-land. The delays for civil trials are by far the worst in the country. Yet they don’t have a single active Federal dis-trict judge. If not for the efforts of two judges on senior status who are volun-teering to hear cases in their retire-ment, the Western District would be at a full judicial standstill. 
How have we gotten to this point? 
My friends on the other side of the aisle slowed the pace of confirmations when the Senate was under Democratic leadership, creating these backlogs, but we still pushed as many through as we could. Now, under the new Repub-lican Senate, more than half the year into this new Congress, the Republican leadership has scheduled votes on only five Federal judges. It is July. They have scheduled votes on five Federal judges. That is a disgrace. 
For context, in the seventh year of 
President Bush’s Presidency, the Democratic Senate—we were in charge then—approved 25, compared to 5 here. That is a direct one-to-one comparison, apples to apples. At this point in Presi-dent Bush’s term, Democrats had con-firmed five times the amount of judges that this Republican Congress—this Republican Senate—has confirmed. That is unacceptable. 
Right now, there are 14 non-
controversial judges on the Executive Calendar, including 3 highly qualified judges for New York. I know these nominees. They are brilliant legal minds, experienced jurists and, above all, they are moderate. 
Larry Vilardo and Ann Donnelly are 
two whom I have recommended, and LaShann DeArcy Hall was rec-ommended by my good friend, the jun-ior Senator from New York, K
IRSTEN  
GILLIBRAND . They should all be con-
firmed, but we don’t know if they will ever come up for a vote. I wish to spend a moment telling my 
colleagues about these qualified judges. 
Mr. Vilardo is a true Buffalonian and 
will be a credit to the bench in his hometown. He went to Canisius Col-
lege, Harvard Law School, and was a clerk on the Fifth Circuit. He is fun-damentally and classically a Buffalonian—salt of the Earth, honest, and grounded. Buffalo is in his bones; it is part of who he is. As with so many other people from the region, the city has made him tough, levelheaded, fair, and decent. As the first in his family to graduate from college, he adds an im-portant element of socioeconomic di-versity to the court. The people of the Western District of New York will be incredibly lucky to have him on the bench. 
As perfect as Larry Vilardo is for the 
bench in Buffalo, so are Ann Donnelly and LaShann DeArcy Hall perfect for the bench in Brooklyn. 
Judge Donnelly has dedicated her life 
to public service. She spent a quarter decade as a prosecutor in the pres-tigious Office of the District Attorney of New York County under DA Morganthal. I could tick off more of her accomplishments. The list would be long. She is more than a brilliant re-sume. She is at her core a kind, thoughtful, and compassionate person. 
Let me say a word about LaShann 
DeArcy Hall. I can’t take credit for her nomination to the Eastern District of New York. That goes to Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND . But I am proud to offer my 
strong support. She too has accumu-lated extensive and impressive legal experience as a partner in the inter-national law firm of Morrison & Foerster. She is a veteran, having proudly served in the Air Force. She is a graduate of Howard University School of Law, and she is member of the board of visitors there. 
Now, all of these nominees meet and 
even exceed my standard for judicial nominations in his or her own way. My standards are three: excellence—le-gally excellent, no political hacks; moderation—not too far right but not too far left; and diversity. Whenever we can get diversity on the bench, we should. 
But they are not the only out-
standing nominees we have on the floor. We have judges pending—can-didates—for Missouri, California, rep-resented by Republican Senators as much as by Democrats who are experi-encing the same judicial emergencies and heavy backlog caseloads. Yet we have no indication they will ever be moved off the calendar. 
This is about governing. In January, 
the distinguished and newly minted majority leader came before this body and said it was time to govern. We would do the budget by regular order. Things would return to normal in the Senate. We wouldn’t fill the tree. Yet here we are, 7 months later, and we have approved five judges. That is it— five. Ten percent of the Federal and district judgeships across the country are vacant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.007 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6152 July 30, 2015 
Confirming judges is part of the busi-
ness of government, and right now the majority party is failing that responsi-bility to the American people. It has real consequences. In the Western Dis-trict of New York, Judge Skretny, on senior status, has admitted that he is encouraging all cases to settle in pre-
trial mediation to lower caseloads. Criminal trials are prioritized while civil trials languish. The two retired judges in western New York are the only ones reading cases at the moment and spending far less time on each indi-vidual case than they would under nor-mal circumstances. And defendants 
may be inclined to settle, admit guilt, and take plea deals rather than wait out a lengthy trial process. The same story line is playing out throughout the country. That is not how our jus-tice system is supposed to work. As many of my colleagues have said so eloquently, the harsh truth of the mat-ter is that for these petitioners, compa-nies, and communities, justice is being delayed and thus denied. 
In the Senate, we often invoke the 
principles upon which our country was founded: principles of individual lib-erty, justice, and equality in the eyes of the law. These words have to mean something. There shouldn’t be political games standing in their way. The equal and fair application of justice is nec-essarily tarnished by a courtroom without a judge. It is as simple as that. 
In conclusion, Democrats will not 
stand to watch our judicial system brought to its knees by the death of a thousand cuts. We have one week of legislative session before a month-long recess. I submit that we should not— cannot leave town having confirmed only five judges in what would be 8 months of this Congress. 
Today I rise to request we move to 
New York’s pending judicial nomina-tions, but I also hope we will move the other Justices before and after New York’s on the calendar. I would like to make this request, but I know my col-league from Iowa would like to answer it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 139, 140, and 141; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any re-lated statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Before I speak 
about reserving the right to object, I would like to have the floor imme-
diately after the Senator from New York gives up the floor, if I could. Is there any objection to that? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. OK. I want to re-
serve the right to object, and I will ob-ject. 
I would like to make a few comments 
on the pace of judicial nominations. First of all, during President Obama’s Presidency thus far the Senate has confirmed 313 judicial nominees. In contrast to that, there were 283 judicial nominees that the Senate had con-firmed at this very same point of the previous Presidency. That is 30 more judicial nominees confirmed at this point than in the year 2007. 
Concerning this year’s pace, the Sen-
ate is simply following the standard that my colleagues on the other side established in that year, 2007. By this point in 2007, the committee had held six hearings for a total of 20 judicial nominees. So far we have held 7 hear-ings for a total of 21 nominees, 5 execu-tive nominees, and 16 judicial nomi-nees, including hearings on both the Attorney General and the Deputy At-torney General. 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
that the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General nominees took sig-nificantly more time to process on both staff and Members. So we are doing a little bit better than the pace that was set on the other side during the last 2 years of the previous Presi-dency. And I am trying to compare to the last 2 years of that Presidency to this Presidency. 
I would also note that the nominees 
from New York are below other Article III judges on the Executive Calendar. As I understand it, our side has agreed to vote on the next judge on the cal-endar when we return. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, would 
my colleague yield for a brief question? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I will yield. Of 
course, I will yield. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I very much appre-
ciate his courtesy. 
I understand my colleague has talked 
about what has been done in the Judi-ciary Committee which he chairs. Does my colleague deny the fact that con-firmed on the floor of the Senate in the year 2007, which he referred to, there were 25 at this time and only 5 have been confirmed by this Senate? Does my colleague deny that fact? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
would agree to that, and I will speak to that point right now. It is very appro-priate that my colleague would know exactly what I was going to say to an-swer his question. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Great minds think 
alike. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. With respect to the 
judges on the Executive Calendar, ev-erybody knows at the end of last year the Senate rammed through 11 judges, which under regular order—and regular order is very important in the U.S. Senate—should have been considered at 
the beginning of this Congress. That is what happened in 2006 when 13 nomina-tions were returned to the President instead of being returned to the U.S. Senate in the next Congress. The end of 2006 is comparable to what was done at the end of 2014. Had we not confirmed those 11 judicial nominees during the lame duck last year, we would be roughly at the same pace for judicial confirmations this year compared to 2007. So put that in your pipe and smoke it, Senator S
CHUMER . 
We are moving at a reasonable pace. 
Therefore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Without smoking, 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
GOVERNING IN THE SENATE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the 
Senator from New York gave very good words that I want to follow up on. He said that we were promised when Re-publicans took over we said things would be different in governing. They are different. I would just like to show the Senator from New York that prom-ises made are promises kept. I think the best example of promises made was a January 2014 speech by the leadership of the Republicans where a speech was given that if there were Republican control of the United States Senate, then we would govern. 
I think the best way to show that Re-
publicans are governing is this: there were 370 House bills that died in the U.S. Senate under the leadership of the Democrat majority. We had 15 amend-ments with rollcall votes. So far this year, we have had over 160 rollcall votes on amendments. 
We have passed over 40 bipartisan 
bills, reported over 160 bills out of com-mittee, had 29 bills signed into law, and balanced the first budget for over a decade. Under Republican leadership, we had a budget agreement for the first time in 6 years, whereas under the Democratic majority we had one budg-et in 6 years. The law requires that we adopt a budget every year, and we have done that. 
We made a promise that the Senate 
was going to function as a deliberative body, unlike the way it was run under the Democratic majority for the 6 years of this Presidency. From that standpoint, we have done that with the statistics that I just gave you. 
The Senator from New York says we 
were promised a Senate that would govern, but the only metric he is using is whether judges are moving at the same pace as they did when they took over the U.S. Senate in 2007. And that is an inadequate way to measure how well the Senate is governing. We must look at all the work the Senate is doing. And the Senate is doing the good work we promised we’d do before the election. We have delivered. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.008 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6153 July 30, 2015 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, thank 
you. 
We have had some interesting back- 
and-forth here this morning. We had a great message from our good Senator 
from Maryland, and we had the col-loquy we just saw here on judicial nominees. I want to move in a little different direction to something I think is important. 
As the previous speaker talked 
about, the current majority is getting things done. I want to talk about for the first time in 10 years what is going to happen on this floor today, and that is for the first time in 10 years we are going to pass a multiyear transpor-tation bill without raising taxes. 
Keep in mind, we have done short- 
term transportation efforts 33 times before we finally got to the next multi- year bill that will be passed on this floor today. I believe one of the core constitutional functions of the Federal government is to create the infrastruc-ture necessary to conduct commerce, trade, and allow general transpor-tation. I sit on three of the four Senate committees tasked with developing this highway bill that we will vote on today—the Finance Committee, the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee, and the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee. Because of this, infrastructure develop-ment is one of my top priorities while here in this Congress. 
It has been a pleasure to work with 
Chairman I
NHOFE , to work with Chair-
men T HUNE , SHELBY , and H ATCH over 
the past several months on this high-way bill. I am very appreciative of our leadership team, particularly that of Leader M
CCONNELL and Senator C OR-
NYN for working to advance it before 
the authorities expire and the Congress adjourns for the August recess. 
Moving forward with a highway bill 
that invests in our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure, reduces congestion, and increases safety without adding to the national debt will create short-term jobs and long-term economic growth. 
Western States like Nevada, which 
have experienced an unprecedented amount of growth over the past couple of decades, have the most to gain from this highway bill. Nevada is one of the fastest growing States in our Nation, adding nearly 850,000 people to that State in the last 15 years. In fact, the Silver State was the fastest growing State in the Nation in the decade of the 2000s, experiencing a 35-percent population increase. This growth, while exciting for the State, has posed addi-tional strains on our transportation in-frastructure system. From 1990 to 2013, vehicle travel on Nevada’s highways has increased 141 percent. 
It is also important to note that the 
Silver State’s economy relies heavily on tourism. Travel spending adds near-ly $60 billion to Nevada’s economy an-nually, accounting for about 13 percent of the State’s GDP. Safe and reliable roads and bridges in our State and throughout the country are crucial to growing our economy. Our rapidly expanding State has a 
long list of infrastructure priorities to address. A multiyear highway bill will provide the resources and tools that will benefit high priority projects such as the Boulder City Bypass, the Carson City Freeway, and the I–15 widening in Las Vegas—which, by the way, is Ne-vada’s busiest freeway. Under Nevada’s most conservative budgetary plans, our Department of Transportation has identified over $9 billion of capital im-provement projects over the next 20 years. Short-term patches will not put a dent in that work plan. Additionally, it is important to cut bureaucratic red tape that will speed up permitting and ensure that our Nation gets more roads, more bridges, more rail projects and other infrastructure developments for every dollar that we invest. 
Over the past couple of months, I 
have worked diligently on my commit-tees and with the Environment and Public Works Committee in a bipar-tisan manner to include a variety of Nevada and national safety priorities in the highway bill, which are included in the Senate bill that we will vote on today. 
First and foremost of those priorities 
is the expansion of Interstate 11 to northern Nevada. I have been working for years with my colleagues in both the Nevada and Arizona delegations on Capitol Hill to move I–11 forward. In the 112th Congress, we were successful in including language in the last high-way bill, MAP–21, to officially des-ignate an interstate route connecting Phoenix and Las Vegas. These are the two largest cities that are not con-nected by an interstate highway sys-tem. 
Let me say that again, Mr. President. 
Phoenix and Las Vegas are the two largest cities in America that are not connected with an interstate highway system. 
I have been working diligently to ex-
tend the proposed highway to I–80 in northern Nevada. Earlier this year, I introduced the bipartisan, bicameral Intermountain West Corridor Develop-ment Act to extend the route north and worked with Chairman I
NHOFE to in-
clude it in the DRIVE Act. This full north-to-south, Canada-to-Mexico interstate system is a project of na-tional significance, critical for our Na-tion’s mobility, economy, and national defense. This extension will open even more markets for tourism and trade, create jobs and improve the economy for the entire Western United States. 
I have also worked to include policies 
in the bill that will greatly benefit the Lake Tahoe region’s transportation ef-forts. The Tahoe Basin is a unique area, shared by the States of Nevada and California but also heavily con-trolled by the Federal Government. In fact, the Feds are the largest land man-agers of the Lake Tahoe Basin, control-ling 77 percent of the land. Under cur-rent law, Tahoe is not considered as one area, from a transportation per-spective, because the size of Lake Tahoe separates the individual commu-
nities that surround the lake. 
The growing tourism industry great-
ly benefits the local economy but also poses additional strains on the region’s transportation system. The language included in both the EPW and banking titles ensures the population of Cali-fornia and Nevada communities sur-rounding the lake is considered a sin-gular entity. This will greatly benefit local leaders as they seek additional resources to implement the Basin’s in-novative 21st century highway and transit plans. 
As a member of the commerce com-
mittee, I also worked with Chairman T
HUNE on the Comprehensive Transpor-
tation and Consumer Protection Act, which was approved earlier this month in our committee and is also part of this bill. It includes important reforms that will enhance the safety of our roads and our railways. 
I am pleased legislation I introduced 
with my friend from Massachusetts Senator M
ARKEY , Safety Through In-
formed Consumers Act, commonly re-ferred to as the STICRS Act, was in-cluded in the commerce bill. This pol-icy promotes the purchase of safer cars by requiring the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to inte-grate crash avoidance technology in-formation, such as active braking and lane tracking technology, onto the safety ratings listed on your car’s stickers. 
Consumers have a right to the most 
accurate and up-to-date information possible when making decisions on what cars to purchase. A separate five- star rating for crash avoidance tech-nologies or an adjustment to the cur-rent rating system that would preclude a new car from getting five stars unless it has at least one of these new crash avoidance technologies will make it clear to every buyer whether the vehi-cle they are considering has the latest and the best in safety technology. 
Senator S
CHATZ and I have also 
teamed up on a safe streets amend-ment, aimed at improving pedestrian safety. Threats to pedestrian safety are increasingly becoming a problem in my State. The number of pedestrian fatali-ties has nearly doubled in the Silver State in just the last 3 years. In total, pedestrian fatalities are nearly one- quarter of our overall traffic fatalities. Nevada is the sixth most dangerous for pedestrians over the age of 65 years. I know our State regional transpor-tation organizations are working dili-gently to address the pedestrian safety concerns. I hope our initiative will spur innovative transportation planning throughout the Nation that aims to improve bike and pedestrian safety. 
Finally, I had a provision included in 
the bill that restores some sanity to the Department of Transportation’s hours of service regulation. Under the existing rule, drivers of commercial motor vehicles are required to take a 30-minute break after most 8 hours of consecutive work. Industries such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.010 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6154 July 30, 2015 
the ready mixed concrete industry, 
whose products are perishable, find it difficult to implement the HOS regula-tion given the unique conditions of their work. 
Concrete is needed on a just-in-time 
basis. Once a delivery is started, it must be completed or the concrete may harden in the truck, causing thousands of dollars of damage in that vehicle. Concrete delivery often takes more than 2
1⁄2hours to complete. Mixer driv-
ers are also unique in the commercial truckdriving industry, in that they typically spend only 40 percent of their time on duty actually driving. The other 60 percent is spent at the plant waiting to be dispatched, at the job site waiting on the contractor to re-ceive the concrete or unloading the concrete itself. This one-size-fits-all regulation does not make sense. I am pleased my provision making this ex-isting administrative exemption for perishable goods permanent has been included in the commerce bill. 
I would be remiss if I did not mention 
some important rail infrastructure policies also included in the commerce bill. Freight rail plays a major role in Nevada’s economy. The Silver State has 1,192 miles of rail track, and nearly 43 million tons of freight moves through the State each year via rail, supporting over 700 high-paying jobs. I was proud to team up with my friends Senator B
LUNT and Senator B OOKER on 
two stand-alone proposals that are in the rail title. 
First, the Track, Railroad, and Infra-
structure Network Act, which stream-lines permitting for the development of new railroad structure, is critical to ensure scant infrastructure dollars are spent efficiently and spent wisely. Ad-ditionally, the Railroad Infrastructure Financing Improvement Act imple-ments a variety of good government re-forms to the revolving loan program utilized to spur development of rail-road infrastructure. The program is no-toriously underutilized. I believe it is important that we ensure this valuable tool is reworked so it can be used for new freight and passenger rail develop-ment. 
I strongly supported the rail reform 
title when it was approved by the com-merce committee and believe it is im-portant that we include rail as part of the surface transportation bill. Improv-ing rail safety, expanding both pas-senger and freight rail infrastructure are critical components of Nevada’s and our Nation’s long-term economic development plans. A long-term sur-face and transportation bill is ex-tremely important to the State of Ne-vada and also to our Nation. 
Transportation efficiency and reli-
ability is critical for our Nation’s eco-nomic competitiveness, and the poli-cies in the bill will help address the need to maintain, repair, and expand the national transportation system, but none of these important policies will get done if Congress kicks the can down the road. Passing a strong multiyear bill in the 
Senate sends an important message to our colleagues in the House. I urge my colleagues to support the DRIVE Act. Again, I thank Leader M
CCONNELL and 
Chairmen I NHOFE , Senators T HUNE , 
SHELBY , and H ATCH for working with 
me on my priorities. They know how 
important it is that we enact policies that increase infrastructure efficiency, improve safety, and create jobs throughout the Nation. By passing this bill, we show the American people the Senate is back to work supporting poli-cies to create jobs and spur economic development across our Nation. 
I yield the floor. 
PRIVATE SECTOR ENGINEERING AND DESIGN  
SERVICES  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with the distinguished chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee on an amendment that I have filed to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, as the 
chairman of the committee is well aware, private sector engineering and design services can play an important role in the development and mainte-nance of our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. By supplementing the capabilities of engineers at State DOTs, private sector engineering and design services enable State and local governments to deliver projects more efficiently and with long-term cost savings. 
In order to make better use of these 
private sector resources, I have intro-duced an amendment which will pro-vide incentives to States that make use of innovative engineering and de-sign approaches by bringing in the ex-pertise of private sector companies. This amendment is intended to stream-line and improve the efficient delivery of highway and bridge projects and would not increase Federal spending. In the last Congress, working with Sen-ators B
OXER and V ITTER , the com-
mittee included this identical provi-sion in the highway authorization bill that was unanimously approved by the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee. 
The language has not been included 
in the bill we are debating today, and while I recognize that many hard deci-sions have had to be made in order to achieve a bipartisan consensus on this bill, I ask for Chairman I
NHOFE ’s com-
mitment to work with us as the DRIVE Act progresses to conference. 
Mr. INHOFE. I thank the Senator for 
raising this issue and for his commit-ment to helping to pass a long-term surface transportation bill. The Sen-ator is correct about the time con-straints the Senate is under, as we must pass this bill before July 31. Un-fortunately, that means we have been unable to include many worthy provi-sions in the DRIVE Act, such as his amendment, which I support as a means of improving the efficient deliv-ery of Federal taxpayer dollars. I share the Senator’s enthusiasm for 
fostering the use of private sector ex-pertise in transportation construction. While this expertise is useful at all times, it is particularly useful in the aftermath of natural disasters, when a State must act quickly to rebuild its infrastructure. This is something we are very familiar with in my home State of Oklahoma. 
I thank the Senator from Arkansas 
for his leadership on this issue and he 
has my commitment that I will work with the Senator on this matter during our bipartisan conference negotiations with the House. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. I thank the distin-
guished chairman for taking a moment to discuss this issue and I look forward to working with him on this bill. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the 
Senate will approve a comprehensive, 6-year authorization for our Nation’s transportation systems. It will give our States and local communities the abil-ity to plan for investments in the crit-ical infrastructure that supports our cities and towns, enables inter- and intrastate commerce, and creates jobs for American workers. 
This bill is far from perfect; I have 
strong concerns about the lack of safe-ty measures in this bill. The battle on whether to allow mammoth tractor trailer trucks—the equivalent of wheeled eight-story buildings—to drive alongside all the other motorists on some of our roads will come up again in the fall and so I will continue to fight to put safety first. I am concerned that this bill will undermine the goals of the National Environmental Policy Act. And I am concerned that, while we have before us a needed 6-year author-ization, this transportation bill is fund-ed only through 2018. I hope that as the Senate and the House conference a long-term transportation authorization bill, these concerns will be adequately addressed. 
It is regrettable that some in Con-
gress, for several years now, have done their utmost to undermine what used to be strong bipartisan support for re-sponsible and timely reauthorizations and funding of the highway trust fund and our transportation infrastructure. The result has been a continuing era of stop-gap, short-term fixes, which hob-ble State and local transportation planning and which impose unending uncertainty on their vital work. How short-sighted, and how irresponsible. We must get back to that kind of con-sensus, and that kind of forward-think-ing action. 
A series of short-term patches do not 
provide States like Vermont—where the construction season is short, and the infrastructure needs are many— with the certainty they need to make needed repairs to the bridges, roads and byways that keep business moving and connect our rural towns and villages. This legislation, however, is the result of compromise on all sides. This bill protects the MAP–21 funding formula, which will benefit Vermont and main-tain a level stream of Federal funding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.011 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6155 July 30, 2015 
for Vermont. I am also pleased the bill 
includes a 20 percent revenue provision dedicated to highway and transit growth, despite previous attempts to decrease it to 6 percent. I am also gratified that, in working with the rel-evant committee chairs, we were able in this final bill to remove unnecessary and harmful exemptions to the Free-dom of Information Act, which remains the public’s first line of defense in the right to know what their government is doing. Nowhere is the free flow of in-formation more important than when the safety and wellbeing of every Vermonter—of every American—is at stake. 
The House of Representatives now 
has an opportunity. They can kick the can down the road, beyond this year, or they can get to work, to devise a mean-ingful, reasonable long-term transpor-tation authorization bill. Short-term authorizations will not adequately ad-dress our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure. After investing billions of dollars in infrastructure development overseas, it is well past time to invest right here at home, in our own people and their communities, and in our own country. We need this certainty, and we need it now. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I sup-
port the bipartisan DRIVE Act because we can’t make the perfect the enemy of the good. This bill will provide 3 years of funding and stability to States that want to plan major multiyear con-struction projects. This means badly needed jobs in construction for labor unions, contractors, engineers, and manufacturers of transportation mate-rials. This is good news. 
According to the American Society 
of Civil Engineers, Maryland’s infra-structure has a C- rating. Our roads and transit have a C- rating and our bridges a B- rating. Nearly a quarter of Maryland’s major roadways are in poor condition and 317 of our 5,291 bridges are structurally deficient. 
In addition, Marylanders face some of 
the worst traffic congestion in the Na-tion. I commute every day from Balti-more to Washington and know how bad it has become. The Washington region is the No. 1 most congested area in the Nation and the Baltimore region is the fifth. These conditions cost Maryland’s commuters between $1,200 and $1,500 per year. 
We need at least $4 billion to replace 
the B&P and Howard Street tunnels in Baltimore. If we want to double stack these major rail arteries for the Port of Baltimore, we need $8 billion. 
In 2013, the State of Maryland was 
forced to pass a gas tax. Sadly, today our statewide transportation needs still remain unmet. If we add up every Maryland county’s No. 1 transportation priority, it equals $20 billion. Yet, we still have competing job corridor needs in the urban and rural parts of the State. 
That is why I was hoping for a more 
substantial bill—a true shot in the arm to tackle our aging infrastructure and ease congestion. But I will vote for the 
DRIVE Act because doing nothing is unacceptable and short-term exten-sions do not provide the planning and funding certainty States need to put millions of workers on the job. These are jobs in construction, engineering, and manufacturing right here in the United States. 
Bright spots in this bill for Maryland 
include the new formula-based freight program. These additional dollars will help the class I railroads in Maryland, CSX and Norfolk Southern, and our short line railroads. It also is good news for the operations at the Port of Baltimore. 
I also appreciate the strengthened 
transit safety oversight role of the U.S. Department of Transportation for the Nation’s metro systems. While I would have liked the Metro Senators’ strong-er amendment to be debated and adopt-ed, the underlying bill is a good step in the right direction for safety. Safety is our collective No. 1 priority for the rid-ers and workers of the Washington Metro system. 
The bill gives the Secretary of Trans-
portation the authority to establish minimum safety standards for the safe operations of metro systems. This builds upon what I was able to accom-plish in MAP–21 working with Senators D
ODD, SHELBY , and M ENENDEZ . We gave 
the department new authority to es-tablish and enforce Federal safety standards focusing on railcars. 
The bill also requires the Secretary 
to review the existing safety standards and protocols of metro systems. It re-quires a report to Congress with the findings, list of recommendations, needed legislative changes, and the ac-tion the Secretary will take to estab-lish Federal safety standards. 
Before I conclude, I would like to 
voice my disappointment that the DRIVE Act is not stronger on safety. I am a cosponsor of the Feinstein- Wicker amendment on double 33 truck trailers. Because of the parliamentary procedures to prevent consideration of amendments, including germane amendments, this amendment was not considered. 
I am opposed to extending the length 
of double truck trailers. The State of Maryland prohibits operation of these trucks. I have heard from Maryland families who have lost loved ones in truck crashes. The Slattery family lost Mrs. Slattery and the crash left their son, Matthew, with severe brain dam-age. Mr. Slattery and Matthew came to the Appropriations Committee markup of the fiscal year 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. Sadly, this same amendment failed by a tie vote of 15 to 15. 
I also heard from Don Bowman, 
owner of D.M. Bowman, Incorporated, a family-owned trucking company in Williamsport, MD, and our State’s fire service community. They all think double 33 truck trailers are a dan-gerous idea. I commend Senator B
OXER for her 
hard work on this bill. Passing this bill is the right thing to do for jobs and our economy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I do ap-
preciate the comments from the Sen-ator from Nevada. It is a reminder that a lot of people think almost all of this act is from the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee. About 75 percent is, but we do have the commerce com-mittee, we have the banking com-mittee, and the other provisions. A lot of people have been working on this, not just our committee. 
I am glad we got a good vote yester-
day. I think it is important that we have a strong vote because we cer-tainly want to encourage the House— and I think the House will be taking up our bill. In fact, I think a lot of the staff people are working on that right now over on the other side. Anyway, the importance of this is significant. If we do not pass the DRIVE Act out of this Chamber, then what we are doing is reinforcing current law. 
What is current law? Current law is 
short-term extensions. That means it is the worst possible outcome. It means no big projects, for one thing. We spent yesterday—most of the day yesterday, our comments were on the big projects, the big bridges, and those things that need to be done. 
But the big projects—normally you 
are talking about between $700 million and $1.4 billion. They can’t be done on short-term extensions. Logically, ev-erybody knows that. They are not done. Our problem is, the last bill we passed was in 2005. It ran out in 2009. Since that time, it has been short-term extensions. So we have not gotten into any of the projects that have to be done. 
The tendency, I guess, to do the hard 
things, is to wait until something col-lapses and a bunch of people die, such as happened in Minnesota. That could have been done before. That was done in the 2005 act in my State of Okla-homa, however, not until after a young lady was driving her car under one of our bridges and a bunch of concrete fell off and killed her, the mother of three children. 
Why wait until a disaster occurs? 
The current law fails to provide the long-term certainties the States and cities are going to have to have on their big projects to get them off the ground. Current law funding has no growth, not even for inflation. The DRIVE Act provides growth in highway and transit programs to each State. The current law gives States and local governments no certainty. There have been 33 short-term extensions since the SAFETEA–LU bill was passed—that is 33. When you pass those extensions, as I said, it takes 30 percent off the top. Clearly, the conservative position is to have a long-term bill. You would not have the project delivery. The DRIVE Act eliminates the duplicative review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.016 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6156 July 30, 2015 
and expands categorical exclusions. We 
cannot do that with short-term exten-sions. 
Transparency. That was a lot of 
work. What we don’t want is, as we are spending money as the years go by and the months go by and the weeks go by—we have transparency built into this so people can have faith and know exactly what programs there are. 
Innovation. The DRIVE Act prepares 
our Nation’s transportation system for the future by promoting innovation across all aspects of the program. The transportation system will be stuck in reverse if we stick with the current law. The current law, now this is what we have been doing since 2009. 
I think it is also worthwhile for us to 
keep in mind that there are some things I wanted in the bill that we could not get in. I wanted to change this 80–20 Federal match program. First of all, we had 60–40—that was not acceptable—and 70–30. I have to admit it was not the Democrats; it was the Republicans who objected to that. Con-sequentially, we had to go ahead and go back to 80–20. If this legislation does not pass, then it is still going to be 80– 20 because that is current law. So that would not change. 
Anyway, the freight section of this 
directs new funding toward freight transportation projects that provide the platform for our businesses to com-pete globally. The freight program sometimes does not get the attention. One of the good things about a trans-portation bill and the way we do this, and have done it historically, is we go to the States. 
I can assure you that the Arizona 
Transportation Department knows a lot more about what their needs are than we do in our infinite wisdom here in Washington. So they don’t get as concerned about freight programs and freight expenditures because they do not directly benefit the particular State it goes through, but they benefit the entire country. 
We actually have a freight section in 
this that is very good. It hasn’t been done before. I will go into greater de-tail about the new National Freight Program and what it means to Amer-ica’s economy. Today, the National Highway System carries more than 55 percent of the Nation’s highway traffic and 97 percent of the truck freight traf-fic. Of the 4 million miles of public roads, the National Highway System represents only 5.5 percent. So what we are saying is, 5 percent of the roads out there transport 55 percent of the high-way traffic and 97 percent of the freight traffic. 
Americans depend on the well-main-
tained National Highway System that provides a critical connection between the urban areas and the rural areas. American businesses pay and estimate $27 billion a year in extra freight trans-portation costs due to the poor condi-tion of the public roads, which in-creases shipping delays and raises prices on everyday products. Recog-nizing that this is the foundation for 
the Nation’s economy and the key to the national ability to compete in a global economy, it is essential that we focus efforts to improve freight move-ment on the National Highway System. 
The DRIVE Act includes two new 
programs to help the States deliver projects and promote the safety in that delivery. The bipartisan freight pro-gram levies its Federal investment by encouraging public-private partner-ships and other creative financing ap-proaches. 
It also will create the first-ever 
freight-specific investment program, prioritizing investment in our com-merce-moving network. The first new program is the National Freight Pro-gram. It is distributed by a formula that will provide funds to all States to enhance the movement of goods that go through their State. 
This is something, as I have said, 
that has not been done before, and I haven’t heard any objection. In fact, this isn’t just State specific because this goes to the whole Nation, and so it is very popular. The program expands the flexibility for both rural and urban areas to designate key freight cor-ridors, and it will help identify projects with a higher return on investment. 
The second program that is new is 
the Assistance for Major Projects Pro-gram. It creates a competitive grant program to provide funds for the major projects. This is what we have been talking about the past several days, the very large projects that can’t be done with short-term extensions. They are just neglected. 
These new freight programs will only 
exist with the passage of the DRIVE Act, when it is enacted by Congress. It is time for us to become innovative and forward-thinking in how the Federal Government is using taxpayer dollars. 
In talking about this type of program 
for States to improve the National Highway System, the DRIVE Act is the answer. It directly helps to relieve the freight bottlenecks around the coun-try. 
This is a chart of Chicago I–290, I–90, 
and I–94, the three intersections. This goes between those three. Look at it. It is all of these. I haven’t even counted the lanes. Traffic is stopped, and it is just one of the congestions. When this happens, the average speed in this case is 29 miles an hour. In the morning and evening rush hour, it is 20 miles an hour. Then it talks about all of the pol-lution that is there. People are idling their engines while they are waiting in traffic. 
There is a very similar situation in 
Houston, TX, the I–45. I have been on this one quite often, quite a few times. It is I–45 at U.S. 59. If you look at the chart, it is home to five of the top freight bottlenecks in the Nation. Texas is home to nine of them. The overall cost in conjunction with this to 
individuals in Texas is $671 million an-nually and 8.8 million hours of delay. The I–45 is ranked third by the conges-tion index. We have an index, and people know 
how bad it is and how it compares to other States. That is why this has been so popular. 
I–45 at U.S. 610 is ranked 15th. The 
average speed is below 39 miles an hour. For morning and evening traffic, of course, it is much less than that. 
Fort Lee, NJ, I–95. Anyone who is in 
Washington and wants to go anyplace on the north coast—New York, Con-necticut, and on up—they have to go all the way up on I–95. This particular intersection, which is in Fort Lee—this is the George Washington Bridge. It connects Fort Lee, NJ, to New York City. By congestion index, it is the sec-ond worst freight bottleneck in the Na-tion. The average speed is 29 miles an hour. I have been on that one before, and it is a very old bridge. When you drive over it, you worry about whether you are going to make it. The George Washington Bridge is the world’s busi-est motor vehicle bridge, carrying over 106 million cars a year. 
The DRIVE Act, with the newly 
formed freight program, will make tar-geted investments in the infrastructure critical to moving commerce and alle-viating these bottlenecks I just men-tioned. These new programs invest in the infrastructure needed to move goods across the Nation. 
When you look at the corridors and 
you look at the bridges—we actually had one presentation where we went over the 20 busiest of all the traffic- congested areas in the country. 
We are going to have a vote in 40 
minutes. It is going to be one of the most critical votes of the year. I have no doubt that it is going to pass. But I wanted to send the signal across Amer-ica, to the House of Representatives, and to everyone else that we really care about infrastructure. 
I repeat—I feel compelled to do so— 
there are a lot of people who don’t real-ize that the conservative position is to vote for a long-term infrastructure bill because it costs about 30 percent off the top—and that is a figure no one has debated, no one has talked about—if you do it piecemeal with short-term extensions, along with not getting this. 
The other thing is, we have that old 
document nobody reads anymore; it is called the Constitution. If you look up article I, section 8, it says—you know, we do a lot of things around this Cham-ber that our forefathers never envi-sioned. They said what we ought to be doing—and it says so right in the Con-stitution—is two things: defend Amer-ica, and roads and bridges. 
Well, that was foreseen by Dwight Ei-
senhower. I have here in the Chamber a picture of Dwight Eisenhower. Many of us who are old enough to remember or those of us who have studied World War II know what a hero this guy was when he came in as President of the United States. He wanted the first na-tional system to be primarily for de-fense, for defending our Nation. He said: Yes, it will help the economy. Here is the quote he makes. He talks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.012 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6157 July 30, 2015 
about how this will be helpful to the 
economy. We all know that. There will be jobs, and people will be put back to work. But he also said—this was after World War II—that we have to move our goods and services around this country to defend this Nation. 
I kind of have a dual role in this. The 
two major committees that I have— and I have served as the ranking mem-ber on both of them—are the defense committee, the Senate Armed Services Committee—and so I am very sensitive to the fact that there is a defense com-ponent to this bill we are going to be voting on today—as well as chairing the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
This is what he said back then. He 
said it is for defense purposes and it is something we have to have so that it goes in a uniform way across the Na-tion, not just for defense but for our economy. I would make one comment. You hear people say, and I used to say it myself—they talk about the program called devolution. Devolution is what a lot of people have looked at, and it sounds so good on the stump. Confes-sion is good for the soul. I remember when I was the father of devolution, along with Connie Mack from Florida when we were both serving in the House. What that says is you repeal the Federal highway taxes and then you make them local taxes, you make them State taxes so the States are partici-pating. 
But there are two problems with 
that. One is, how do you get a uniform program across the country? Take Wy-oming, for example. If they repeal their Federal tax, in order to make up for it, since there are very few people in Wyo-ming but there are a lot of roads, they would have to pass a 48-cent tax in-crease. That is not going to happen. Devolution is based on the assumption that all States will pass a tax increase, and that isn’t going to happen. 
So that is the other reason we really 
need to have this, and we will. We are going to pass this bill. I think in the final analysis the House will too. 
I will share with you, I say to the 
Presiding Officer, that when we had our last bill, it wasn’t all that good. It was only a 27-month bill. 
I can remember going over there, 
after we passed that on the floor of the Senate, and I requested an audience with the members of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee at the House, with the Republicans be-cause there were a lot of them who were tea party Republicans, a lot of conservatives. I explained to them the same thing I just went over—the con-stitutional aspect of it as well as the cost of it and the fact that you cannot get projects done if you continue to do short-term extensions. When this came up in the House, every one of the 33 Re-publicans—all 33 of them—voted for it. I think that is what gives me con-fidence that when they see that there is a bill that we have passed out of this Chamber—you know, I was dis-appointed that the House was only 
going to be in session until Thursday; that is today. But they left last night; they moved it up a day. And I am not saying they did that so they wouldn’t have to make a decision on this bill, but nonetheless that did happen. 
I understand there are other Sen-
ators who wish to speak before the vote, and I certainly want to give them the opportunity. So I will conclude by saying that this is arguably one of the most important votes we will have. We are doing what the Constitution tells us to do. We are going to pass it, and it is going to happen. 
I know there are two Members—one 
from the majority and one from the minority—who wish to speak. I think the majority leader will be coming in a matter of minutes too. So we do have several who want to be heard on this bill. 
I think it is worth stating that 75 
percent of the bill is in the Committee on Environment and Public Works. That is the committee I chair. When we developed this bill, we developed it over a period of time. They took about 4 months, and we worked on it. We took amendments, and we had major changes. In fact, I can remember going to the Republican conference and say-ing: If you have amendments, before this is passed out of our committee and goes to the floor, I think it is impor-tant for you to get your amendments in so we can make them a part of the bill and then later on part of the man-agers’ package. Well, the managers’ package didn’t work as we wanted it to, and everyone knows there are prob-lems that caused that. 
But we argued. We discussed this bill. 
We put it together for about 4 months in the committee. On June 24, we passed that out of the committee unanimously. All 20 members of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee—all Democrats, all Repub-licans—all voted for it. That doesn’t happen very often. 
The ranking member, the ranking 
Democrat on the committee is Senator B
OXER from California. Senator B OXER  
and I don’t agree on very much, but we do agree on this. I mean, she is a very proud liberal, and I am a very proud conservative. What we have in common is this bill; that is about it. As soon as this bill is over—I was joking with a group this morning—I said then we will go back to fighting again. Maybe that is more fun. 
But with all of the problems we have 
in this country right now, a lot of peo-ple don’t realize that one of the great-est problems is the overregulation by the bureaucracies, the unelected bu-reaucracies. We have watched that coming. We have seen it particularly in this administration. Just look at what the EPA is doing to harm businesses that are trying to do the American thing and hire people out there. We have all of these regulations that are coming online. We have the water regu-lations. This is kind of interesting because 
historically the regulations over water have always been a State function, 
with the exception of navigable waters. Well, I understand that. I think every-one else understands that. But there are always the collectivists, the lib-erals who want to bring all of that power into Washington and take it away from the States. In my State of Oklahoma, we do a lot better job than the Federal Government does, so we have been in a position to be able to continue to have that regulation of water as a State function. 
About 5 years ago, Senator Feingold 
in the Senate and Congressman Ober-star—they are from Wisconsin and Minnesota—introduced a bill to take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out, which means then the Federal Government would have regulation over all the waters. We have areas in Oklahoma that are very arid. The other day, I was out in the panhandle, Boise City. You don’t get anyplace drier than Boise City, OK. I was out there and I told them that if the Federal Government were doing this, they would probably find the time after a rain to declare the panhandle of Oklahoma a wetland because that is what they do. They want power. They want to expand their authority. 
Anyway, they had this bill, and not 
only did we defeat the legislation to take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out, but we also defeated both the Senator and the House Member who were the sponsors. 
I see my good friend from New York 
has arrived. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to strongly oppose this cynical and opportunistic ploy to fulfill a longtime ideological goal to defund Planned Par-enthood. 
Let’s talk facts, not rhetoric. The 
fact is no Federal funds can be used for an abortion. No Federal funds can be used for an abortion, except in the dire circumstances of rape, incest or the life of the mother. 
Here is another fact. Only 3 percent 
of Planned Parenthood’s work is dedi-cated to abortion services. The other 97 percent of their work is dedicated to preventive women’s health services, such as STD testing and screenings, contraception, Pap tests, breast exams, cancer screenings, and other services, such as adoption referrals, pediatric care, and immunizations. So when someone says let’s defund Planned Par-enthood because they never liked that it ever existed, what they are saying to women, particularly low-income women, women in low-income commu-nities, and many women of color is that they won’t have access to a wide range of essential services because of an ideological desire to control what choices are being made by women and their doctors. 
I fail to see the logic here. This ex-
ploitative movement, advanced by spe-cial interests, would effectively tell a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.013 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6158 July 30, 2015 
half million American women: Sorry, 
you can’t have a breast exam this year. Of all the issues that we are going to debate on the floor right now, why are we debating this? Why are we telling 400,000 American women: Sorry, you won’t be able to have a lifesaving screening for cervical cancer. 
We have kids in all 50 States who are 
going hungry during summer vacation because their parents can’t afford to have that extra lunch they normally got from school. We have college grad-uates who can’t afford to start their lives, buy a home, get married, and have kids because they are drowning in student debt. We have men and women in this country who work 40 hours a week, with no vacation days, no sick days, and are still stuck in poverty. That is not my vision of the American Dream. 
We have millions of hard-working 
Americans who have to quit their jobs and lose paychecks every time they have a family emergency. It doesn’t matter if it is a new baby. It doesn’t matter if their husband is dying of can-cer. It doesn’t matter if their mother is on her deathbed. They don’t have ac-cess to paid family and medical leave. We are literally the only industrialized country that doesn’t have paid leave. 
This makes no sense in a country 
that believes if you work hard every day, you will be able to get into the middle class. That is simply not true for low-wage workers who are working 40 hours a week and are still below the poverty line and cannot meet those family needs because they have no paid leave. 
But the issue this body wants to de-
bate is defunding Planned Parenthood. This body wants to make sure that millions of women don’t get basic ac-cess to health care. Whether or not to maliciously hurt an organization that provides vital health services to mil-lions of American women—this is the issue our colleagues are using to threaten yet another government shut-down—controlling women’s choices about their health, about their fami-lies, about their reproductive health care. 
It is clear that some of my colleagues 
just want to roll back Roe v. Wade. That is their goal. That is their mis-sion in life. It is ideologically driven and funded by special interests. That is their mission. But we should not return to the days when women had no med-ical independence. 
Some of my colleagues will use any 
excuse they can to overreact and force this same tired old Planned Parent-hood debate on us. But here is the fun-damental truth about Planned Parent-hood. Millions of women in this coun-try—women in low-income commu-nities, women of color, women in every State—rely on Planned Parenthood for basic health care—mammograms, cer-vical screenings, access to contracep-tion, and family planning. They rely on it to prevent disease. They rely on it to detect disease. They rely on it to treat disease. We cannot and will not defund 
Planned Parenthood. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, over the 
last couple of weeks we have been dis-cussing some pretty basic and impor-tant work that we need to do when it comes to our Nation’s infrastructure— specifically, the highway bill that we will vote on and pass out of the Senate today. 
I am very encouraged by the fact 
that the House of Representatives has now taken up the challenge of coming up with their own highway bill, and we are going to pass a 3-month temporary extension to give them the chance to do that and then to give all of us a chance to get to a conference com-mittee and come up, hopefully, with an even better bill. 
That is the way the Senate and the 
House are supposed to work, and that is why I am encouraged. I think the de-bate we have had over the highway bill is a good one, and I am glad to see, as I say, that we are on the right track. 
In my State of Texas we know that 
good infrastructure and a working highway system are important for a number of reasons. First, it is impor-tant for public safety. Second, it is im-portant for the environment. Third, it is important for the economy because when goods can flow freely across the roads and the highways and the freight lines in our State, it helps improve our economy and creates a more favorable condition for jobs. 
When you come from a State such as 
mine, which is a fast-growing State, that growth requires the improve-ments, repairs, and modernization of our roadways to accommodate the visi-tors who come to our State, as well as those who move there—some 1,000 more each day. So that is why I am pleased this legislation will include resources that will make the lives of everyday Texans better. 
Resources in this bill—which I should 
stress involves no tax increases—invest in interstates and freight routes and provide for much-needed border infra-structure projects to promote legiti-mate trade and travel flowing across our international border, while sup-porting economic development and im-proved quality of life. 
WORK IN THE SENATE  
This bill is just another reminder of 
the Senate’s progress we have made in the 114th Congress under new manage-ment. This year, the Senate has made a lot of progress on key pieces of legis-lation. The fact is we are finally back working again in a bipartisan manner that provides real solutions for the American people. 
I am proud to say that work includes 
things on a wide spectrum of priorities, including passing a budget for the first time since 2009, legislation that fights the scourge of human trafficking, a trade bill that will open up new mar-kets for American-made products, and of course earlier this year, the Iran Nu-
clear Agreement Review Act, which was signed into law and freezes the ad-ministration’s ability to lift sanctions on Iran until representatives of the American people have had a chance to carefully examine President Obama’s deal. 
As I mentioned a number of times, I 
have many concerns about this deal, and I will continue to remind the President of his own words when he said that no deal is better than a bad deal. I couldn’t agree more, even though he and the rest of the adminis-tration are actively suggesting that the only real alternative to this deal is war—a statement which is demon-strably false. 
I think, unfortunately, that is a scare 
tactic. I hope people of goodwill will be persuaded by the facts and not scare tactics, and I hope we will have that debate in September after all the Mem-bers of the Senate and the House have had a chance to thoroughly immerse themselves in the terms of this deal and are prepared to debate that on the floor of the Senate and on the floor of the House. 
But our work is not over. Earlier this 
week, I cosponsored legislation, along with a number of my colleagues, which would provide additional money for women’s primary health care services while at the same time defunding Planned Parenthood. I know I speak for many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle when I say I was shocked, saddened, and disgusted at the several recent videos that depicted human life being reduced to spare parts for sale. This is a heartbreaking prac-tice, and we cannot let it stand. We must stand up to protect the most vul-nerable. 
This bill does that by defunding 
Planned Parenthood, which has made a practice of taking aborted children and then selling the body parts for com-pensation. The one reason why this is so important is that, beyond the imme-diate disgust at these videos in the way that somehow this trafficking in human body parts has become a com-mercialized practice that Planned Par-enthood engages in, since 1976 there has actually been a prohibition in U.S. law against the use of tax dollars to pay for abortion, except in some rare circumstances, and that is known as the Hyde amendment, named after Congressman Henry Hyde. This has been part of the law of the land since 1976. 
What Planned Parenthood has done 
is taken tax dollars and claimed they have separated those tax dollars from the privately raised money they use that then finances abortion. They say: Well, we use the tax dollars for wom-en’s health services, and we don’t use any tax dollars to pay for abortions. Well, we all know that is a convenient fiction, because money is fungible. The tax dollars paid by you, me, and all of us in the United States who are tax-payers goes into a single fund that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.018 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6159 July 30, 2015 
pays for the operation of Planned Par-
enthood—the largest abortion provider in America. 
So this legislation is very important 
because it does take care of the pri-mary care women’s health services, but it defunds Planned Parenthood’s abor-tion practice, consistent with the Hyde amendment, which has been the law of the land since 1976. 
By doing it in this way, I would say 
that we are actually improving and in-creasing access for women to health care services through places such as our community health clinics. In my State alone, there are almost eight times more community health centers that could provide these primary care services to women than there are Planned Parenthood outlets. So this actually will increase access to pri-mary care for women, while defunding Planned Parenthood’s abortion prac-tice, consistent with the Hyde amend-ment. 
I hope this is legislation we can all 
unite behind. I would implore all of our colleagues, when we vote on this next Monday afternoon, to join us in getting on the bill by voting for cloture and then debating it and passing it. 
While I am glad Congress has a clear 
way forward to meet our Nation’s in-frastructure needs on this bill, we have a lot more we need to do to protect and serve the American people. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, just one 
quick comment before Senator B
OXER  
makes some remarks. 
We have talked about this. We have 
talked about the significance of the up-coming vote. I just want to reempha-size to my conservative colleagues on the Republican side that this is some-thing which is a conservative position. The only alternative to this is short- term extensions, which cost about 30 percent off the top. 
So let’s do in this vote what the Con-
stitution tells us to do and take care of one of the two assignments that are given to us in article I, section 8 of the Constitution; that is, roads and high-ways. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to be here today. This has been a long and winding road to get to the point where we can pass a transpor-tation bill which is a very good bill and which is very bipartisan. According to a formula, each and every one of our States will get more than they have in the past. 
This is what our States are facing. 
This is a bridge between Arizona and California. I am sure my friend knows 
what happened. People commuting be-tween our States have had to go 400 miles out of their way. 
We cannot turn away from this vote 
today. I know and my friend from Oklahoma knows that each one of us would have written a different bill, but the process means we have to come to-gether. This person says ‘‘I don’t like the process’’ and this one says ‘‘I don’t like the pay-fors.’’ Well, I am sure Sen-ator I
NHOFE and I feel the same way, 
but we know that if we run into a con-struction worker who is unemployed and we say ‘‘Well, we didn’t vote for this because we didn’t like the proc-ess,’’ they would say ‘‘I need a pay-check.’’ 
So I am going to ask our colleagues 
to vote aye for three reasons. 
First, let’s get our construction 
workers back to work. We have so many of them—hundreds of thou-sands—who are out of work. The gen-eral contractors told us last week that in 25 States they are seeing layoffs of construction workers because we are not doing a long-term bill. So let’s help our construction workers get back to work. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
three letters of support from the Na-tion’s leading construction unions and additional letters of support I received from the Transportation Construction Coalition and the Highway Materials Group. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the National Infrastructure Alliance, 
July 22, 2015] 
H.R. 22—S ENATE CLOTURE VOTE 
(By Raymond J. Poupore, Executive Vice 
President) 
The leading construction unions building 
our country’s surface transportation infra-structure strongly urge a ‘‘YES’’ vote on the Motion to Proceed to debate H.R. 22—The DRIVE Act. 
As persistent high unemployment still 
plagues the construction industry, we need a well funded, multi-year infrastructure bill to put hundreds of thousands of our members to work building critical highway and transit projects. It is our understanding that the transit title in this bill actually exceeds its traditional 20 percent share, despite rumors to the contrary. 
Through this legislation, we can begin to 
address the most pressing needs facing our transportation infrastructure. Please sup-port your constituent construction workers by voting to proceed on the DRIVE Act. 
LABORERS ’ INTERNATIONAL UNION 
OFNORTH AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, July 21, 2015. 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR : On behalf of the 500,000 
members of the Laborers’ International Union of North America (LIUNA), I urge you to support the motion to proceed to consid-eration of a long term reauthorization of the federal highway and transit programs. 
Last month, the Senate Environment and 
Public Works Committee unanimously ap-proved S. 1647, the Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy (DRIVE) 
Act. Now is the time for the rest of the U.S. Senate to join together and embrace a bipar-tisan effort to invest in this Nation and re-ject the politics of division. 
A long term highway bill will help provide 
necessary funds to improve America’s crum-bling transportation infrastructure. Our economy requires a functioning transpor-tation network and with bridges literally falling apart and highways unable to handle current traffic volumes, America’s transpor-tation infrastructure is in dire need of a ro-bust and sustainable investment. 
Under the current extensions, the Highway 
Trust Fund is unable to fully fund these nec-essary repairs, making our highways and bridges more susceptible to further deterio-ration. A long term federal commitment to invest in the Nation’s infrastructure and safety needs is essential. 
I urge you to end the delays on political 
games and pass a long term highway bill be-fore Congress leaves for vacation. 
With kind regards, I am 
Sincerely yours, 
T
ERRY O’SULLIVAN , 
General President. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION OF  
OPERATING ENGINEERS , 
Washington, DC, July 21, 2015. 
Hon. H ARRY REID, 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ICKDURBIN , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTY MURRAY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS REID, DURBIN , SCHUMER , 
AND MURRAY : At this critical moment for 
America’s transportation infrastructure, the International Union of Operating Engineers respectfully requests the support of Senate Democratic Leadership for immediate pas-sage of a long-term highway and transit bill. Passage of the cloture vote today is a nec-essary step in order to have a debate on rev-enue options to fund the nation’s biggest, most important infrastructure programs. 
The model developed by the Environment 
and Public Works Committee in the DRIVE Act (Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act), both proce-durally and substantively, should serve as the framework for Senate floor consider-ation. The bipartisan process led to a con-sensus and unanimous committee vote. The substance of the policy issues ensured that extreme measures from both the left and the right were rejected. 
Aspects of the Commerce Committee 
markup were a serious disappointment, as you know. Similarly, consistent references to partisan revenue-raisers understandably make policymakers reluctant to engage in serious debate. While the sensitive nature of negotiations and legislative strategy leaves us with precious few details, we are assured that ‘‘real revenue’’ could be available to the program with bipartisan support. Serious revenue options must be on the table, and egregious, partisan provisions must be off the table. It is that simple, if we have any chance of success. 
The DRIVE Act addresses what is perhaps 
the most pressing domestic economic issue of our time: reauthorization of a multiyear highway and transit program. The Act’s leg-islative framework provides a six-year cer-tainty to transportation planners, the con-struction industry, and its supply chain. It builds on important successes in MAP–21 by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.019 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6160 July 30, 2015 
expediting project delivery and making the 
approval process more transparent. Addi-tionally, it creates a new, national emphasis on freight movement, and it targets re-sources at projects of national and regional significance. 
As you know, we need a long-term solu-
tion. We cannot afford to wait. Thousands of Operating Engineers depend on these invest-ments for their livelihoods. We cannot rely on ‘‘aspirational thinking’’ about com-prehensive agreements that could include funding for this essential program. 
The transportation advocacy community 
believes wholeheartedly that now is the time to build on the bipartisan momentum gen-erated in the Environment and Public Works Committee to move a robust, long-term bill through the Senate before the summer break. We look forward to working with you to enact such a long-term highway and tran-sit bill as soon as possible. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES T. C ALLAHAN , 
General President. 
JULY29, 2015. 
DEAR SENATOR : The 31 national associa-
tions and construction trade unions of the Transportation Construction Coalition (TCC) urge you to support passage of the ‘‘Devel-oping a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy (DRIVE) Act.’’ The bipartisan surface transportation reauthorization bill would guarantee three years of increased highway and public transportation invest-ment and provide further certainty to states by distributing six years of contract author-ity. 
The Highway Trust Fund has suffered five 
cash flow crises requiring $65 billion in tem-porary cash infusions since 2008. With a sixth trust fund revenue shortfall less than a month away, seven states have delayed or canceled projects valued at $1.6 billion. Fur-thermore, the Congressional Budget Office projects the trust fund will be unable to sup-port any new highway or transit spending in FY 2016 without remedial action. 
This repeating cycle of uncertainty and 
piecemeal management undermines the abil-ity of state transportation departments to implement multi-year transportation plans and discourages the private sector from making investments in new capital and per-sonnel. By supporting the DRIVE Act, sen-ators not only have an opportunity to sta-bilize surface transportation investment, but to do so as part of legislation that would enact a series of meaningful policy reforms to help grow the economy and promote im-proved mobility for all Americans. 
The DRIVE Act includes provisions that 
would streamline the transportation project review process to expedite the delivery of needed highway and bridge improvements. The measure would also create a dedicated freight program and a major projects assist-ance program—both of which would help en-hance U.S. economic competitiveness. 
The members of the TCC remain concerned 
about the need to enact a permanent solu-tion to stabilize and grow Highway Trust Fund revenue. The Senate surface transpor-tation reauthorization construct would pro-vide ample time to develop and enact such a plan while federal highway and transit in-
vestment is unthreatened over the next three years. 
We strongly urge all senators to support 
the DRIVE Act to provide your states with the stable and growing resources they need to help them deliver the highway and public transportation improvements the U.S. econ-omy and all Americans need. 
Sincerely, 
T
HETRANSPORTATION CONSTRUCTION  
COALITION . JULY29, 2015. 
STATEMENT OF THE HIGHWAY MATERIALS  
GROUP (HMG) AS THE DEADLINE NEARS ON  
HIGHWAY FUNDING REAUTHORIZATION  
The Highway Materials Group applauds the 
efforts by all Senators—notably Majority Leader McConnell, Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Boxer and their staffs—in support of a long term reauthorization bill that increases funding for the nation’s high-ways and transit systems. 
We fully support final Senate passage this 
week and urge a YES vote on the bipartisan, multi-year Developing a Reliable and Inno-vative Vision for the Economy (DRIVE) Act which offers great hope to the modernization of our nation’s infrastructure. 
We urge House Transportation and Infra-
structure Chairman Shuster and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Ryan to utilize the hours of hearings, site visits and stakeholder input they have held and bring together their Committees soon after the August recess to produce a multiyear, fully- funded bill that warrants House support. 
Most importantly, before departing for the 
August recess, we urge House and Senate leadership to unequivocally state their com-mitment to send to the President a well- funded, multiyear highway bill by the end of October. 
The Highway Materials Group (HMG), com-
prised of nine national associations listed below, represent companies that provide the construction materials and equipment essen-tial to building America’s roads, highways, and bridges. We employ tens of thousands of men and women in well-paying American jobs, and we stand in support of this impor-tant legislative action. 
American Coal Ash Association, Amer-
ican Concrete Pavement Association, Association of Equipment Manufactur-ers, Associated Equipment Distribu-tors, Concrete Reinforcing Steel Insti-tute, National Asphalt Pavement Asso-ciation, National Ready Mixed Con-crete Association, National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association, Portland Cement Association. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, it is rare 
to have the National Association of Manufacturers and the Chamber of Commerce in agreement with the en-tire structure of the construction in-dustry workers, all of those unions. I put their names into the R
ECORD . It is 
unique to have Mothers Against Drunk Driving in that coalition and to have the National Governors Association in that coalition and to have the mayors organization in that coalition. 
My friend from Oklahoma and my 
friend from Illinois, Senator D
URBIN , 
whom I thank from the bottom of my heart—we were kind of smiling the other day because we had the mayor of Oklahoma City and the mayor of New York ask us for a long-term bill; no more short-term extensions. That is the kind of coalition building we are seeing out in the country and one that I think we are living proof of here today. 
So I will close with where I started. 
To me, this is the poster child for why we have to act today. There are more than 60,000 bridges that are obsolete or deficient. If we don’t pass this bill today and the House doesn’t take it up and pass it or something else similar to it or get to conference, we are back to, I think it is, the 34th short extension. 
That is doomsday—doomsday. 
I am sad the House went out for a 5
1⁄2- 
week break. It is the first time in 10 years they went out for an August break before August. I find it ironic that they went out even a day earlier so they are not there if we do, in fact, pass our legislation and send it over. 
Why are they doing this? They need 
to act. I am encouraged that Speaker B
OEHNER said that he has asked his 
committee to act. If we can do it over here, they can do it over there. 
I will close with this: I am very 
pleased that we have reached this point. It has taken a lot of work and a lot of compromise. We had to give some ground, but we found common ground. We all believe this bill is so important for our Nation. 
I urge everyone, regardless of how we 
voted before, to understand this is not what we want to see in America. We can’t have more of these bridge col-lapses, and we can’t have more of these streets falling apart. Now, 50 percent are in disrepair. This is the day. 
I thank Senator I
NHOFE . I thank Sen-
ator D URBIN . I thank Senator M CCON-
NELL . I thank Senator N ELSON . And 
later, when we finish with this, I will thank many others. The staffs have been unbelievable. We were working into the wee hours of the morning for the last week. 
I also thank you, Madam President, 
for your role in this and your help in this. I am proud that I serve on the committee with you. We have worked well together. I hope we have a good vote, a solid vote for this bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). All postcloture time is ex-
pired. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 65, 
nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 260 Leg.] 
YEAS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman 
Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Cassidy 
Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.006 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6161 July 30, 2015 
Daines 
Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson 
Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Peters Portman 
Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—34 
Blumenthal 
Booker Brown Carper Casey Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Flake Gillibrand Heinrich 
Lankford Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Paul Perdue Reed Reid Risch Rubio 
Sasse Schumer Scott Shelby Toomey Udall Warner Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Graham 
The bill (H.R. 22), as amended, was 
passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
PROHIBITING FEDERAL FUNDING 
OF PLANNED PARENTHOOD FED-ERATION OF AMERICA—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I move to proceed to Calendar No. 169, S. 1881. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 169, S. 
1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America. 
Mitch McConnell, James M. Inhofe, Rand 
Paul, Pat Roberts, Ben Sasse, James Lankford, Joni Ernst, Daniel Coats, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, Johnny Isakson, Lindsey Gra-ham, Michael B. Enzi, Jerry Moran, Tim Scott, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
THE HIGHWAY BILL  
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
know the Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , and I both want to thank a lot 
of people who worked very hard. People don’t realize how many people are in-volved. Quite frankly, a little bit of guilt always comes to me, because this is my sixth highway reauthorization 
bill, and it always ends up that I don’t work as long as all the staff works. They are up many nights until mid-
night and many nights all night long. 
This was a good bill. It was tough 
doing it. From this point forward, we have the opportunity to send it to the House. I have already had communica-tion with some of the House Members who do want a multiyear bill. The staffs are working together as we speak to pull it together so we can pass one and get out of this long string of short- term extensions. They don’t serve any useful purpose. 
I wish to mention the names and to 
get them in the R
ECORD of those people 
who really put in the long hours. In my office is Alex Herrgott. He has been with me—we have been together, I guess—over a dozen years. He is the leader on our side. He put together a great team, including Shant Boyajian, who is the guy who was the transpor-tation expert on our end, and he did a great job. We have had others just about as good as he is in the past, but they all sweat. This guy doesn’t do it. He does it with a smile on his face. We have Chaya Koffman. She came with incredible experience. We couldn’t have done it without her. It is equally im-portant to thank David Napoliello and Andrew Dohrman. David and Andrew work for Senator B
OXER and are ex-
perts within the office, working on this alongside our staff. 
It is kind of interesting because Sen-
ator B
OXER and I can’t get any further 
apart philosophically. She is a very proud liberal, and I am a very proud conservative. We would be fighting like cats and dogs over these regulations that are putting Americans out of busi-ness. But, today, we think alike, and we are working together. I am so proud of her staff working with my staff. 
Bettina. There is Bettina, and she is 
probably the No. 1 hard working per-son, sitting in the back here on that side, and whom we really appreciate. Some days I don’t appreciate her, but I have all during this process. 
So many others have made contribu-
tions to the success today. It is impor-tant to thank on my staff Susan Bodine, for her work on environmental provisions, and also Jennie Wright and Andrew Neely. I wish to thank my communications team, including Donelle Harder, Daisy Letendre, and Kristina Baum. They have to get the message out as to what we are doing, how significant it is. 
People who are witnessing this today 
are witnessing the most popular bill of this entire year. We can go back to any of the 50 States, and they are all going to say the one thing we want is a trans-portation system. It is not just that they want this bill. This is what the Constitution says we are supposed to be doing. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says to defend America and provide for roads and bridges, and that is what we accomplished today. 
There are some others outside of our 
committee I want to thank: Chairman H
ATCH , Chairman T HUNE , Chairman 
SHELBY , and their staffs, including 
Chris Campbell, Mark Prater, David Schweitert, Shannon Hines, and Jen Deci. I want to thank our leader, M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL , who really came through 
to put this at top priority. Without that priority, we couldn’t have done it. I know Sharon Soderstrom, Hazen Mar-shall, Neil Chatterjee, Jonathan Burks, and Brendan Dunn were all involved. 
If my colleagues would just permit 
me, 10 years ago today is the last time we passed a significant, multiyear bill. I remember standing right here at this podium, right when this moment came, and it was time to thank all of these people who worked so hard. All of a sudden the sirens went off and the buzzers—evacuate, evacuate; bomb, bomb. Everyone left, but I hadn’t made my speech yet. So I stood there and made it longer than I probably should have. There is nothing more eerie than standing here in the Chamber when no-body else is here and everybody else is gone. After a while, I thought that I had better get out of here. 
As I walked out the front door and 
down the long steps—they had already shut off the elevators and all of that; it was dark—I saw a bulk of a man walk-ing away very slowly. I saw that it was Ted Kennedy. I said: Ted, we better get out of here; this place might blow up. 
He said: Well, these old legs don’t 
work like they used to. 
So I said: Here, put your arm around 
my shoulders. And I put my arm out to steady him. Someone took our picture. It was in a magazine, and it said: Who said that Republicans are not compas-sionate. 
I always think of that when I think 
of these bills. I say to my friend, Sen-ator B
OXER , with whom I have worked 
so closely during this time—and I actu-ally enjoyed it: Any time we get a coa-lition between your philosophy and my philosophy, it has to be right. It was, and it is over. 
I yield the floor to Senator B
OXER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, my 
friend and I have long worked together on infrastructure, and we did it this time under very difficult conditions. I would say to him that with his leader-ship on EPW, going to a markup, prov-ing to the rest of the Senate that, in fact, our committee could work to-gether, we got a 20-to-nothing vote. As a result of that, and as my friend has often said, our committee is really re-sponsible for about 70 to 75 percent of the funding. So we were the key com-mittee, and we proved that we could work together. 
It was a little tougher on the other 
committees. That is when it took Leader M
CCONNELL ’s leadership, Sen-
ator D URBIN ’s leadership, and we came 
together. 
But I must say that those top staffers 
from Senator I NHOFE ’s team, McCon-
nell’s team, Boxer’s team, including Bettina Poirier, Neil Chatterjee, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.001 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6162 July 30, 2015 
Alex Herrgott really—friendships 
forged—worked on, and it was a pleas-ure to work with them. I will never for-get this as long as I live. This has been a highlight of my career, and I have been here a very long time. 
I want to thank Andrew Dohrmann, 
David Napoliello, Tyler Rushforth, Jason Albritton, Ted Illston, Mary Kerr, Kate Gilman, Colin McCarthy, and Kathryn Backer in addition to Bettina, on my team. I want to thank Ryan Jackson, Shant Boyajian, Susan Bodine, Andrew Neely, and Chaya Koffman, along with Alex, on the Inhofe team. I want to thank Alyssa Fisher on the Durbin team. I want to thank Shannon Hines, Jennifer Deci, and Homer Carlisle on the Banking Committee team. I want to thank Kim Lipsky so much. What a job she did for B
ILLNELSON , and her team, Devon 
Barnhart and Matt Kelly, and Dave Schweitert on the Thune team. 
Notice we said ‘‘team.’’ This was 
about teamwork. This was not about me, me, me or I, I, I. It was all of us in friendship, in sincerity. We never sur-prised each other. When we couldn’t do this, something happened, we would tell each other, and we never left the room until we figured it out. 
I will have more to write about this 
and say about it because truly these moments don’t happen often around here. In my career this will stand out as truly spectacular—spectacular—the people who were so dedicated, and my friendship with my friend is just ex-traordinary. It stood the test of time. My new collegiality with M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL , which has not existed 
until now, this is a miraculous thing that has happened. 
One of the things I have learned in 
life is it goes so fast and sometimes you don’t mark those special moments. This moment will be forever marked with me and with my friends. 
We now are going to look forward to 
working with our friends in the House. We are going to infuse our spirit over there. We are going to make sure they know we can work together and be friends, and it has already started, as A
LEXhas stated today. 
So we are ready for the next phase, 
the next step. What is most important? We are going to make sure we have in-frastructure that works for this Na-tion; that you and I, J
IM, don’t have to 
stand here and show tragic photos, bridge collapses, and hear terrible sto-ries about construction workers who can’t make it and have to have food stamps, and businessmen who have lit-erally cried in my office because they have no certainty, they can’t function, and they may have to shut down. This is not what we want. 
We did the right thing for the coun-
try. It wasn’t about us—we were the ones who made it happen—it was about America, and I couldn’t be more proud. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
REMEMBERING REVEREND CLEMENTA PINCKNEY  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, before I 
start my prepared remarks, I did want to note that today would have been the birthday of Pastor Reverend Clementa Pinckney, a friend of mine, who was the pastor of Emanuel 9, the Emanuel Church, the Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, SC. Today being his birth-day, I thought it would be a good op-portunity to share with the public that we miss him. We thank God for the family and the amazing roles they have played in South Carolina and around this country. 
Certainly, as we tackle issues going 
forward, I think we should keep in mind, bear in mind, the civility, the grace, and the compassion we saw from Reverend Pinckney and the way he tackled issues with such an important ingredient to keeping our communities together. 
I hope as we discuss other chal-
lenging issues, we will have an oppor-tunity to remember that civility, that notion that we are better together. The desire to build a bridge should be seen and displayed in the public forum as we discuss issues that sometimes pull at the very fabric of who we are as a na-tion. 
SAFER OFFICERS AND SAFER CITIZENS ACT OF  
2015 
Mr. President, I rise to offer a solu-
tion. I will tell you solutions are hard to find at times, but today I think I have found a solution that will help law enforcement officers and our citi-zens go home safely. That solution is body-worn cameras to be worn by our law enforcement officers throughout this country. Just yesterday, in Cin-cinnati, we were unfortunately given yet another example of how important body cameras are when they are worn by law enforcement officers. 
We, those of us who viewed the video, 
watched in disbelief as the officer shot the driver in the head. Difficult, dif-ficult video to watch. Cincinnati offi-cials said in their investigation of the death of Samuel Dubose, after being shot by the University of Cincinnati police officer, that body camera foot-age was invaluable. I want to say that one more time; that the police chief said, without any question, what al-lowed them to find conclusion, to actu-ally arrest the officer, was the presence of a video that was undeniable. 
Unfortunately, we have seen too 
many of these incidents around the country. I will tell you that I struggle with this issue sometimes because I have so many good friends who are offi-cers, who serve the public every single day with honor, with dignity, and amazing distinction. I am talking about guys and young ladies who put on the uniform with pride. I see that 
pride as I walk through the neighbor-hoods as I talk to folks. 
So many of our officers serve this Na-
tion, serve their communities so well, keeping all of us safe, but sometimes, and too often we have seen recently, the videos suggest we have to take a deeper look. Our citizens deserve for us to take that deeper look. I think that without any question a body-worn camera will protect the public, but it will also protect the officer. That is why I am here today. 
I have said a couple of times that if 
they say a picture is worth a thousand words, then a video is worth a thousand pictures. Let me say that one more time. If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a video is worth a thousand pictures. I believe strongly that an im-portant piece of the puzzle to help re-build trust with our law enforcement officers and the communities they serve is body-worn cameras. 
I say it is only one piece of that very 
important puzzle because I do not know that there is a single solution. I have looked for a panacea, but I do not know if there is a panacea. As a matter of fact, I think there is not a panacea, but there are many critical steps we must take to tackle an array of issues confronting the distressed commu-nities and challenging circumstances, whether it is poverty, criminal justice reform or, as we have seen on the video, instances of police brutality. 
With body cameras, we have seen 
some amazing studies. At least one study has confirmed there is a 90-per-cent drop in complaints against offi-cers. That is an astounding number, a 90-percent drop in complaints against officers. The same study shows there is a 60-percent drop in the use of force by officers. This should be good news for everyone on every side of the issue—if there are sides of the issue. I would suggest there are not sides to this issue. 
There is not a Republican side, there 
is not a Democratic side, there is not a Black side, there is not a White side, there is only a right side and a wrong side. If we can find ourselves in a posi-tion where officers go home at night to a loving family, arms wide open, and citizens within the community go home at night to loving families and warm embraces, that perhaps the body- worn camera by officers will make this happen more every day someplace in our country. 
With those sorts of numbers, how can 
we not figure out the best way to get these devices into the hands of our po-lice officers? This does not even touch on the fact that when we ended up with the video, a very unfortunate video, on April 4, this year, my hometown, North Charleston, SC—a video of Walter Scott being shot in the back, it helped bring clarity to an incredibly painful situation. 
That is why, after months of meet-
ings with dozens of police organiza-tions, civil rights groups, privacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.032 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6163 July 30, 2015 
groups, and others, yesterday I intro-
duced the Safer Officers and Safer Citi-zens Act of 2015. My goal is simple. It is to simply provide local and State law enforcement agencies with the re-sources to equip their officers with body-worn cameras. My legislation cre-ates a dedicated grant program, fully paid for—I know there are those in the Senate, such as myself, who like those words ‘‘fully paid for’’—to help local law enforcement agencies purchase body cameras. 
I am opposed, very opposed, to any 
notion that we should federalize in any way, shape or form local law enforce-ment. I believe local law enforcement should be in charge of local law en-forcement and State law enforcement should be in charge of State law en-forcement. But if we can provide some tools, some resources, to make sure the situation I described earlier from a positive standpoint of an officer going home to their house and members of the community going home to their houses after having an interaction, if there is a solution and/or an oppor-tunity to see that happen more often, we should go there. 
My grant program would provide $100 
million over the next 5 fiscal years: $100 million each year, 2016 through 2021, and only requires a simple 25-per-cent match. It certainly suggests that we will give preferences to depart-ments that are applying for grants. They will need to have their own poli-cies in place regarding data retention, privacy requirements, and other areas because I believe local and State de-partments, as I have said, can best de-termine their own procedures around the body cameras. 
As States and localities around the 
country implement body-worn camera programs, I believe this is the best way we can help—not take over but provide that seed capital, the resources to start a brand-new conversation all over the country about how many lives have been saved, how many folks get to go home. 
I will say this on some other points. 
I had the privilege of speaking at the graduation of who I call my brother, who is the son of my mentor, John Moniz, who helped change my life when I was a kid on the wrong course for a long time—I had the privilege of speak-ing at Brian Moniz’s graduation from the police academy just 2 years ago, July 18—a couple of years ago. He is an amazing young man who wants to serve his community. His brother Phil-ip is also a fellow sheriff’s deputy. 
So when I think about the words I am 
speaking today, I don’t think about it in legislative terms, I think about it in terms of real places and real people, such as my brothers and others who want to serve the country. But I also think about it in terms of real people who have suffered through those vio-lent interactions. 
I am thankful that cosponsors such 
as Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South 
Carolina and C ORYBOOKER of New Jer-sey have joined me in making sure we 
start the conversation that I hope to continue with Senator G
RASSLEY on 
this important topic. 
I ask that we all remember the words 
of Mrs. Judy Scott, the mother of Wal-ter Scott, who lost her son in my hometown of North Charleston. I have had the chance to speak to her on a number of occasions since the incident. She has taught me a lot. She has taught me the power of forgiveness. Very quickly afterward she showed no animus toward the officer. She was praying for the officer. She forgave the officer. But her request to me was a very simple request. It was simply that no more mothers have to unnecessarily bury their sons the way she did. That is a very simple request. 
I think my body camera legislation 
will help us achieve that goal. I believe this legislation will protect citizens and law enforcement officers. It will bridge the gap that seems to be grow-ing in some communities around the country. It will provide resources with-out taking over local law enforcement. I believe this is critically important, and the sooner we get there, the better off our Nation will be. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, as we 
speak, there are American trade nego-tiators in Hawaii from the Pacific Rim and South America negotiating the final terms of the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, or TPP. 
I rise today to speak about an ele-
ment of those negotiations which I find troubling and which I believe, if it goes on its current path, will produce a gross injustice that will be harmful to American job creators and could poten-tially threaten the passage or ratifica-tion of the TPP. 
I understand that the current pro-
posal of the Trans-Pacific Partnership calls for discriminatory treatment of tobacco—specifically singling out an entire industry. It is an industry that is vitally important to my home State of North Carolina. Tobacco continues to be vitally important among North Carolinian agricultural exports, and the only path to sustaining this indus-try is to preserve the place for the American leaf in the world. The indus-try supports more than 22,000 jobs in North Carolina, my home State. 
I rise today to defend farmers, manu-
facturers, and exporters from discrimi-natory treatment in our trade agree-ments. Today it happens to be tobacco, but I will do this for any crop for as long as I am in the Senate. I am well aware that many States aren’t touched by tobacco farming or tobacco product manufacturing, but this is not just about tobacco; this is about American values and fairness. 
I believe free trade is good, and a bal-
anced free trade benefits all parties. For those who think free trade is bad for America, I don’t agree. When Amer-ica and Americans compete on a level playing field, we win the vast majority 
of the time. It is what we do. 
But the United States, over the 
years, has tried to do more with these agreements than just haggle for mar-ket access and tariff productions. Over the past 30 years, the United States has commonly negotiated what is called the investor-state dispute settlement— or ISDS—language in a number of international agreements. The ISDS provisions are fairly simple. They give someone who believes their trade agreement rights have been violated by another government trading partner the ability to bring a claim against that government before an inter-national arbitration panel. 
All kinds of offenses can be addressed 
through the ISDS process—protecting American-owned businesses by requir-ing our trading partners to meet min-imum standards of treatment under international law; protecting Amer-ican-owned businesses from having their property taken away without payment or adequate compensation; and protecting American-owned busi-nesses from discriminatory, unfair, or arbitrary treatment. That is a funda-mental protection. If these sound like American ideals, it is because they are. American ingenuity, combined with these values and ideals, has produced the world’s greatest economy, the American economy. 
Regions of the world that do not 
share the same views of due process, equality under the law, and protection of private property rights would do well to follow our model. It will make them a better trading partner, and it will help their economies thrive. 
Yet, even the U.S. negotiators appar-
ently want to be selective in applying these ideals, and that is really the root of the concern I have with the discus-sions going on now in Hawaii. We can-not afford to be selective when it comes to fairness. Our negotiators have concluded that while some investors are entitled to equal treatment under the law, others aren’t. It is odd to me that this would be the posture of any nation, but it is particularly troubling that this is the current posture of the negotiators who were responsible for negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. 
It is ironic that the ideal of equal 
treatment and due process is being ped-dled with our trading partners as equal treatment and due process for everyone but some members of the minority. So let’s say, my fellow Senators, that you are not from a State that is harmed by the current negotiations. You may feel comfortable that this could never hap-pen to you, to a sector in your State’s economy, but I believe you should be worried. The current proposal on the TPP creates an entirely new precedent, a precedent that will no doubt become the norm for future trade agreements where the negotiators get to pick and choose winners and losers and Amer-ican businesses and American indus-tries will suffer as a result. Once we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.026 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6164 July 30, 2015 
allow an entire sector to be treated un-
fairly in trade agreements, the ques-tion is, Who is next? 
I hold a sincere belief that unfair 
treatment for one agricultural com-modity significantly heightens the risk that more unfair treatment for another commodity lurks right around the cor-ner. 
I have not spoken with a single orga-
nization, agricultural or otherwise, that believes this sets a good prece-dent—quite the contrary. I encourage my colleagues to speak to their State’s agricultural community and simply ask them what they think about set-ting this kind of standard. 
To my fellow Senators—and, inciden-
tally, I should say for those of you in the Gallery, we are working today; we are just outside of the Gallery. I know this is kind of like showing up at the zoo and one of your favorite animals being off of an exhibit. But they are out working; they will be back at about 1:45. 
To get back to the script, if you be-
lieve that this unfair treatment is OK because it is about tobacco and that it is a fair outcome, I think you ought to think again because I will remind you—and our fellow Senators need to understand this—that Congress has spoken on this issue. We exist to make sure we take care of the voice that may not be heard, the minority who may be cast aside because of some agenda or because of it just being an easy negoti-ating tactic. 
But in this particular case, Congress 
has spoken loudly. I will remind my Members that Congress has said oppor-tunities for U.S. agricultural exports must be ‘‘substantially equivalent to opportunities afforded foreign exports in U.S. markets.’’ Now, with this trade agreement, if you have a trading part-ner agree with the behavior or deci-sions made in the United States, they are going to be subject to due process. But this trade agreement would actu-ally allow our trading partners to not allow us to be held to that same stand-ard in their country of jurisdiction and not go to international arbitration. Congress has stated that dispute settle-ment mechanisms must be available across the board, not selectively. 
I also voted to give the President 
trade promotion authority to allow trade agreements like the TPP to move through Congress in a quick, orderly, and responsible process. That is the process we are going through right now. I did not vote to give our nego-tiators the freedom to indiscriminately choose when fairness should be applied and when it shouldn’t be applied. The Congress has already spoken. I hope you will at least share the expectation that our negotiations carry out our will. 
I applaud the efforts of the U.S. nego-
tiators. I know it is difficult work, and I congratulate them for getting closer to completing the Trans-Pacific Part-nership agreement. I hope, however, that they will consider the risk of los-ing support for the Senate to ratify the 
agreement. 
In closing, I would offer this to any-
one who believes my sticking up for to-bacco or for equal treatment and American values is shortsighted: I want you to know that I would do this for any commodity, any category, and any industry. I hope our trade nego-tiators will work hard to ensure that American values are upheld in the final agreement they bring before Congress, and that goes for language in the en-tire agreement, even that which ap-pears in the annexes and the footnotes. 
I, for one—and I think many of my 
colleagues—am concerned with the current status of the trade negotia-tions in this particular area. There are 
a number of good things in it. This needs to be worked out. And I will not support and I will work hard against any trade agreement that departs from our core values. 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to address the status of VA health care and the Department’s current budget shortfall. 
I am grudgingly supporting the bill 
before this body to extend highway funding for 3 months and to provide budget transfer authority to VA be-cause, without it, highway contracts in Vermont and all across the country will be halted and VA will be unable to provide health care services to our vet-erans. These initiatives are too impor-tant not to support, but I want to be on record as saying this is a very dan-gerous path to be treading down—play-ing politics with the VA’s funding. It is disingenuous and is a disservice to the brave men and women who have served our country. 
On July 31, 2014, 1 year ago tomor-
row, the Senate passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act to address the crisis at the Department of Veterans Affairs. As chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, one of my top priorities during the negotia-tion of that legislation was to ensure VA had the resources needed to prevent a similar crisis in the future. 
I believed then—and I believe now— 
that, overall, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs provides high-quality health care; health care that veterans consistently give high satisfaction scores. But the crisis at VA last year was real—too many veterans were waiting far too long for care. And some VA employees were manipulating data to make it appear these wait times did not exist. 
At the time, we took serious, impor-
tant steps to address the crisis. We gave the Department tools to hold staff accountable, provided funding for vet-erans who had trouble accessing care at VA to get that care in the private sector, and gave VA resources to ramp up capacity—to hire health care pro-viders and make improvements to the agency’s crumbling infrastructure. The bill we passed last year was to ensure that a similar crisis wouldn’t happen again. But here we are, 1 year later, facing 
another crisis in VA health care. But this crisis is different. This is a funding crisis. A crisis Congress could have pre-vented. 
Given the increased demand for care 
and volume of veteran patients, I hoped Congress would have understood the need at VA and provided the funding needed by the Department. But that hasn’t happened. Instead, this Repub-lican-led Congress underfunded VA by $1 billion in their budget resolution. And they have continued the bad poli-cies of the Budget Control Act, sub-jecting VA to funding caps that ham-string the Department’s ability to pro-vide needed care. 
And let me be clear about something 
here: these caps are arbitrary spending cuts and have nothing to with how much money VA actually needs to op-erate. And, despite common misconcep-tion, VA is subject to these caps just like every other Federal Department. I believe we must lift these caps. Lift them so VA has the money it needs to take care of veterans, period. 
And if we are unwilling to lift the 
budget caps, we should at least be pro-viding this funding through an emer-gency appropriation. We should be ac-knowledging that the caps mean we are coming up short—that Congress has in-sufficiently funded VA, tying their hands so they are left unable to pay for the health care services veterans want and need. 
But instead, we are considering 
transferring money from one bucket at VA to another. The bill we are consid-ering today will move money from the Choice Program to the general oper-ating budget. Congress created the Vet-erans Choice Program to address a spe-cific problem. And we provided $10 bil-lion to fix that problem. And now, in-stead of lifting the budget caps or pro-viding emergency funding for VA, we are just going to use the Choice Pro-gram as a piggy bank. We are simply robbing Peter to pay Paul. This ap-proach is a short-term fix, keeping VA’s doors open for the next 60 days. But is does nothing to address the long-term budget shortfall VA will face next year, and the year after that. And I worry, if we fail to act responsibly now, we’ll be right back here in 2016 and again in 2017, when we will no longer have the luxury of being able to raid billions from the Choice Program, and our veterans will be no better off. 
Not only is this method of funding 
VA irresponsible, my Republican col-leagues are using this funding crisis to jam bad policies down our throats without careful consideration or a real debate. With just days to go before we adjourn for the August recess, and with our colleagues from the House having already skipped town, we are being backed into a corner—told the only way to get VA the money they need is to pass a bad piece of legislation filled with unrelated policies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.028 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6165 July 30, 2015 
Last week, during a markup of legis-
lation in the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, Chairman I
SAKSON stated mul-
tiple times that he wanted new policies to go through regular order, to be con-sidered by the committee in a legisla-tive hearing before being voted on by committee members and certainly be-fore being voted on by the full Senate. He also stated numerous times that we should not be passing legislation with-
out paying for it. 
The Congressional Budget Office 
score of the bill appears to show the legislation is paid for. However, the re-ality is there are $1.2 billion in lost revenues included in the VA title of the bill that are being swept under the rug. These enormous, unnecessary costs are being covered up by offsets intended to pay for transfers from the general fund to the highway trust fund. These are not savings or revenue that will actu-ally pay for the lost revenues in the VA title. They are savings and revenue in-tended to make much-needed repairs to roads and bridges. And I fully support those funds being used the way they were intended. But what I do not sup-port is that we are turning a blind eye to $1.2 billion in costs in the VA title of this bill that have nothing at all to do with the funding shortfall at VA. So what are these policies that are so im-portant that they should not be consid-ered through regular order and take money out of critical transportation infrastructure projects? 
They are anti-veteran, anti-small 
business provisions that threaten to strip veterans of their access to afford-able health care and treat them as sec-ond-class citizens in the workplace while putting new administrative bur-dens on small business owners. 
If Members really believe these unre-
lated policies are necessary, we should spend time on them. We should use the committee process that Senator I
SAK-
SONtalked about just last week in the 
Veterans’ Affairs Committee markup to consider them through regular order. We should debate them on the Senate floor. But we should not link these politically motivated provisions to must-pass legislation to provide critical health care services to millions of veterans who need it. 
It used to be the case that Congress 
kept veterans above politics. Despite fierce debate over going to war, we all agreed that when servicemembers came home from war, we would take care of them. 
It is sad to say, that is no longer the 
case. Today, powerful political contrib-utors like the Koch brothers are using veterans to push forward anti-worker, anti-union legislation under the guise of caring for veterans. They want to strip away the rights and protections of workers and will use any means nec-essary to accomplish those goals, even if it means using VA employees who serve veterans every day—and many of whom are veterans themselves—as the target. 
Congress should stand up and be hon-
est with the American people about the reason for the VA budget crisis—that 
members of this Chamber would rather stand here trying to score political points. They would rather use veterans as pawns to promote their anti-worker, anti-union, anti-health care agenda, even if it means closing hospitals and local clinics. 
Let us not do that, instead let us say 
to the brave men and women who have served our country in uniform that we will put aside our differences and give VA the funding they need. Just as our veterans promised to fight for our country, we promised to take care of them when they came home. They ful-filled their promise to us. It is time for us to fulfil our promise to them. 
Mr. TILLIS. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
in a couple of minutes we will be vot-ing on a bill that includes a transfer of $3.4 billion within accounts of the Vet-erans’ Administration to make pos-sible, literally enable VA to continue providing health care for millions of veterans across the United States. We are in this situation because of, quite frankly, gross ineptitude in planning that can be characterized only as man-agement malpractice. 
This crisis emphasizes the impor-
tance of accountability, and I thank the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Senator I
SAKSON , for his 
leadership in addressing the shortfall and also in his cooperation in meeting the crisis and accountability of man-agement that the VA continues to face. 
This crisis must stop. Congress can-
not be expected to continue to bail out the VA because of mismanagement and management malpractice. 
In the longer term, there is a need for 
fundamental reform. There are some good ideas in this bill. I have supported many of them. I thank Senator T
ESTER  
for his leadership as well in framing a proposal that addresses these issues. 
But make no mistake. This bill is 
only one small step toward the reform that I have been advocating and will continue to champion, and hope to con-tinue to work on specifics to advance, as the ranking member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. 
Again, I thank my colleagues and our 
chairman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate has a previous order at this time. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the ranking 
member for his comments. 
This is the first step for reform in the 
VA. We are beginning to move in the right direction. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 3236, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MORAN ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 91, 
nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 261 Leg.] 
YEAS—91 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst 
Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley 
Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.045 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6166 July 30, 2015 
Udall 
Warner Warren 
Whitehouse Wicker 
Wyden 
NAYS—4 
Corker Lee Sasse 
Sessions 
NOT VOTING—5 
Alexander Graham Moran 
Schatz Vitter 
The bill (H.R. 3236) was passed. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I un-
equivocally support the passage of a 3- month extension to the Federal high-way program. I would like the Record to reflect my support for the 3-month extension, as well as for a long-term highway bill. Unfortunately, I will be notably absent for the vote on the 3- month extension—but not without just cause. A week ago today, Lafayette, LA—a vibrant, wonderful city in the heart of Acadiana—was rocked by a senseless tragedy that took the lives of two of its residents. I believe it is im-perative Louisianians come together as a community, and I will be in Lafay-ette today to stand with and support family members of the victims. Earlier today, the Senate passed its version of the highway reauthorization bill, known as the DRIVE Act. With the passage of the DRIVE Act and the 3- month extension today, the Senate has laid the foundation for Members of both Chambers to work together and produce a long-term highway reauthor-ization bill. ∑ 
f 
PROHIBITING FEDERAL FUNDING 
OF PLANNED PARENTHOOD FED-ERATION OF AMERICA—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as you 
may have heard, today marks the 50th anniversary of both Medicare and Med-icaid. While the last half century has seen a pretty robust debate about the merits of these programs, today there is no question that they provide sig-nificant and vital elements to our Na-tion’s safety net. 
This week many are celebrating the 
lives that have been saved and im-proved by Medicare and Medicaid over the last 50 years. While this is appro-priate, I hope that we will also take the time to look at how these programs will function over the next 50 years. 
Let’s start with Medicare. Medicare 
is, quite simply, a massive program de-signed to provide care to our Nation’s seniors. Currently, it covers more than 50 million beneficiaries—roughly one- sixth of the current U.S. population— and processes more than 1 billion claims a year. 
Last week the Medicare board of 
trustees issued its report for 2015, which once again detailed the fiscal challenges facing the Medicare Pro-gram. For example, in 2014 alone, we spent roughly $613 billion on Medicare expenditures. That is roughly 14 per-cent of the Federal budget and 3.5 per-
cent of our gross domestic product for a single health care program. In com-ing years, these numbers are only going to go up as more baby boomers retire and become Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
Over the next 10 years, the trustees 
project that the number of Medicare beneficiaries will expand by 30 percent. We will spend roughly $7 trillion on the program as it expands, and by the end of that 10-year period we will be spend-ing more on Medicare than on our en-tire national defense. Over the next 25 years, spending on the program as a percentage of GDP will grow by 60 per-cent, and by 2040 about $1 out of every $5 spent by the Federal Government will go to Medicare. 
As spending on the program expands, 
so does its unfunded liabilities. Using the most realistic projections of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices—remember, this is the government agency’s most realistic projections— Medicare Part A by itself faces long- term unfunded liabilities of nearly $8 trillion. The story is even worse with Medicare Part B and Part D, which un-like Part A, do not have a dedicated revenue stream. Medicare’s trustees es-timate $24.8 trillion in additional taxes will need to be collected over the next 75 years to pay for Medicare Part B and Part D services. 
When we look at the entire Medicare 
Program over the next 75 years, once again using CMS’s most accurate pro-jections, we are looking at $37 trillion of spending in excess of dedicated reve-nues. Those numbers are astronomical. They are too large to even comprehend. So rather than talk about the numbers in broad terms, let’s talk about what they mean for seniors and bene-ficiaries. 
As I mentioned, Medicare Part A, 
which includes the Hospital Insurance, or HI, Program has a dedicated funding stream. It is paid for by a 2.9-percent payroll tax split between employers and workers, and under ObamaCare that rate went up by an additional 0.9 percent on wages over $200,000 for sin-gle tax filers and $250,000 for married couples. 
Due in large part to the financial 
downturn, Part A ran a deficit—mean-ing that expenditures for the program exceeded income from the tax—every year between 2008 and 2014. Last year that deficit reached $8.1 billion in just 1 year. 
Because of the economic recovery 
and the increased tax rates, Part A is projected to generate surpluses be-tween 2015 and 2023. However, after that, deficits are projected to return, and by 2030 the Part A trust fund will officially be bankrupt and the Medi-care Program will be unable to pay full benefits to seniors. Let me say that again. In 15 years, Medicare Part A will be bankrupt. 
All of this, of course, assumes that 
current law remains unchanged and Congress is unable to reform the pro-gram. I don’t think I would be going 
too far out on a limb to suggest that reforms to Medicare are absolutely necessary if we are going to preserve the program for future generations. Furthermore, I don’t think it would be outlandish to suggest that Congress should begin working on such reforms immediately to avoid future cliffs, standoffs, and the usual accompanying political brinkmanship. I am not the only one saying that. 
The Medicare trustees themselves 
said in last week’s report that ‘‘Medi-care still faces a substantial financial shortfall that will need to be addressed with further legislation. Such legisla-tion should be enacted sooner rather than later to minimize the impact on beneficiaries, providers, and tax-payers.’’ 
These are not the words of fiscal 
hawks in the Republican Congress. The Medicare board of trustees is com-prised of six members, four of whom are high-ranking officials in the Obama administration, including Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, Health & Human Serv-ices Secretary Sylvia Burwell, and act-ing Social Security Commissioner Carolyn Colvin. 
All of these officials signed on to a 
report recommending ‘‘further legisla-tion’’ to reform Medicare and sug-gesting that it happen ‘‘sooner rather than later.’’ 
Let’s keep in mind that we are only 
talking about Medicare. I haven’t said anything yet about Medicaid, our other health care entitlement program, which also faces enormous fiscal chal-lenges. Currently, Medicaid covers more than 70 million patients, and that number is growing thanks to expan-sions mandated under the so-called Af-fordable Care Act. Since the passage of ObamaCare, more than a dozen States have chosen to expand their Medicaid Programs and enrollments have surged well beyond initial projections. This has a number of people worried about added costs and additional strains on State budgets, particularly when the Federal share of the expanded program is set to scale back in 2 years. Already, without the expansion under ObamaCare, Medicaid took up nearly one-quarter of all State budgets. That is right: Nearly $1 out of every $4 spent at the State level goes to Medicaid, and that number is going to get much high-er. 
In the recent years, combined Fed-
eral and State Medicaid spending has come in around $450 billion a year. By 2020, that number is projected to ex-pand to around $800 billion a year or more, and with all of this expansion— that increased fiscal burden and insta-bility—we are not seeing improvements in care provided by the program. 
Put simply, Medicaid is probably the 
worst health insurance in the country and the President’s health care law did nothing to improve the quality of care provided by the program. Fewer and fewer doctors accept Medicaid because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.002 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6167 July 30, 2015 
it pays them so little, and the pro-
gram’s reimbursement formulas for prescription drugs limit beneficiaries’ access to a number of important medi-cations. 
Ultimately, we are going to be spend-
ing more and more on Medicaid in the coming years—and as a result expand-ing our debts and deficits—without providing better care for beneficiaries. 
Between Medicare and Medicaid, we 
will spend more than $12 trillion over the next decade with precious few im-provements to show for it. Former CBO Director Doug Elmendorf referred to these two programs as ‘‘our funda-mental fiscal challenge.’’ If you look at the numbers and the dramatic expan-sion projected in the coming years, he was right. Keep in mind, we still have Social Security, which faces nearly $11 billion in unfunded liabilities over the long term as well as the exhaustion of one of its trust funds, the disability trust fund, by the end of next year and complete exhaustion by 2034. 
Separately, these three major enti-
tlement programs present unique chal-lenges that have to be addressed in order to preserve them—and our Na-tion’s safety net—for future genera-tions. Combined, they threaten to swallow up our government and take our economy down with it. 
Once again, these aren’t doomsday 
scenarios. No one seriously disputes the fact that absent real and lasting re-forms, our entitlement programs present real threats to our fiscal well- being. The disputes typically arise when we begin talking about the spe-cifics of reform. Some would just as soon use the looming entitlement crisis as a political weapon to scare current and near beneficiaries into believing the other side wants to take their ben-efits away. Others support the idea of entitlement reform in principle but are too afraid to sign on to any specific proposals out of fear it would be used against them in the next election cycle. 
This dynamic has resulted in a long-
standing stalemate, where the possi-bility of real reform has, for years now, seemed remote. However, recently we have seen signs that it may in fact be possible to overcome this stalemate. 
Earlier this year, Congress passed the 
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill, which among other things repealed and replaced the Medicare sustainable growth rate, or SGR, formula. Now, re-pealing SGR was, in and of itself, a sig-nificant improvement to the Medicare Program, but there are other Medicare reforms in the law as well. These in-clude a limitation on so-called Medigap first-dollar coverage and more robust means testing for Medicare Parts B and D. 
These aren’t fundamental Medicare 
reforms, and they will not move the program from its massive projected deficits into future solvency, but keep in mind that for years the idea of bi-partisan Medicare reform seemed like a pipedream. Yet with passage of the 
SGR bill, we were able to take a mean-ingful first step toward this all-impor-tant goal. 
Of course, the first step is only a first 
step if it precedes additional steps, and that is what we need now. Congress must take additional steps to improve these programs and preserve them for our children and grandchildren. As the chairman of the committee with juris-diction over these programs, I have been actively engaged in the effort to reform our entitlement programs. 
In 2013, when I was still the ranking 
member, I put forward five separate proposals to reform Medicare and Med-icaid. All of them were serious, com-monsense ideas that had received bi-partisan support in the recent past. I shared these ideas at every oppor-tunity. I put out documents, fact sheets, and gave numerous speeches on the floor. I even passed them along di-rectly to President Obama, although I didn’t ever get a response from him. Two of those ideas were, at least par-tially, included in the legislation we passed to repeal SGR. The other three ideas, as far as I am concerned, are still on the table. 
I have also teamed up with leaders in 
the House to call on the disability com-munity and other stakeholders to help us come up with ideas to address the impending exhaustion of the Social Se-curity disability trust fund. I have in-troduced legislation to improve the ad-ministration and fiscal integrity of the disability insurance program. 
In other words, I stand ready and 
willing to work with any of my col-leagues—from either party or from ei-ther Chamber—to address the coming entitlement crisis before it is too late. I have put my own ideas on the table, but I don’t think the debate should be limited to my ideas. I invite all of my colleagues to come forward so we can work together to find solutions to these massive problems. 
I know that when I think about these 
problems, my thoughts turn to my 23 grandchildren and 16 great-grand-children—and everybody else’s grand-children and great-grandchildren—who will suffer from any promises we fail to keep and will pay the price of any mis-takes we fail to correct. 
On this landmark anniversary of the 
Medicare Program, I urge my col-leagues to also consider future genera-tions of Americans and the costs and burdens we will pass on to them if we fail in this endeavor. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to talk about the important agreement that we are debating here on the Sen-ate floor—the Iran nuclear agreement. I want to begin by saying that there seems to be, as we debate this and as we hold hearings, a growing sense of frustration as we do what is really our sacred duty here in the Senate—to re-view, debate, and, ultimately, to vote on this agreement as to whether it is something that is going to keep our country secure or undermine the na-tional security of the United States and our allies. This frustration stems from a number of sources. Let me just name a few. 
First, I think many Democrats and 
Republicans feel there has been a dismissive attitude from the adminis-tration with regard to this agreement and a dismissive attitude, actually, to-wards the American people on whether the Congress should weigh in on this agreement, should represent their con-stituents on something that is this im-portant to the national security of the United States of America. 
I mention this because if you look at 
the last several months, every step of the way the administration has tried to cut out the role of the Congress. Ini-tially, they said it was an Executive agreement and Congress would have no role. Well, I don’t think our constitu-ents liked that, and certainly, the Sen-ate didn’t like that. So we started de-bating the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act. 
The President said he was going to 
veto it. Again, that was dismissive of this body and the American people. Fortunately, this body had a very strong veto-proof majority. We are de-bating it—but not because they wanted us to but because we are representing our constituents who know how impor-tant this is. 
Then the agreement is taken to the 
United Nations before we weigh in on it at all. Members of the United Nations, citizens from other countries, are vot-ing on this agreement before we had the opportunity. Again, bipartisan Democrats and Republicans said: Sec-retary Kerry, don’t do that. It is an af-front to the American people. But they did it. So we are debating it, and that is important. But that attitude of dismissiveness of this body and the people we represent is frustrating. 
There is a second reason there is 
frustration in the Senate, and it stems from the fact that we are not sure that we are getting the straight scoop. We are not sure we are getting all the doc-uments. The law requires every docu-ment to this agreement come to this body. Yet we found out 2 weeks ago that there is a very important agree-ment, the agreement between the IAEA and Iran on implementation of this agreement. How did we find out about that? One of my colleagues, Senator C
OTTON , got on a plane, went to IAEA 
headquarters in Vienna, and found that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.039 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6168 July 30, 2015 
out—again, frustration. We are not re-
ceiving all of the documents, as re-quired by law, to be able to review. 
Third, in terms of frustration, there 
is a sense that as we are doing our duty here, as we are digging into this agree-ment, as we are reading it, as we are reaching out to experts, as we are try-ing to understand it, as we are ques-tioning administration witnesses at hearings, as we are doing our required and sacred due diligence, we are told time and again that the plain language of the agreement doesn’t appear to mean what it means. This is frus-trating. This is particularly true with regard to sanctions. 
Let me give you a few examples. 
First we had a closed briefing. Almost every Member of the Senate came to that briefing a couple of weeks ago. There was a big question. Was there a grandfather provision with regard to sanctions; meaning, if you are a com-pany and you rush to Iran right now and cut some deals and sanctions are later imposed, does the mere fact that you jumped in early mean that you are grandfathered away from these sanc-tions? Well, a lot of people had ques-tions. 
The Secretary of State looked at 100 
Members of the Senate and said: There is no grandfather clause in this agree-ment. There is no grandfather clause in this agreement. 
This is paragraph 37 of the agree-
ment. I am just going to quote it, be-cause it certainly sounds like a grand-father clause to me: ‘‘In such event [that sanctions are reimposed], these provisions’’—in this paragraph— ‘‘would not apply with retroactive ef-fect to contracts signed between any party and Iran or Iranian individuals and entities prior to the date of appli-cation . . .’’ That is when the agree-ment starts to be implemented. 
That sounds like a grandfather 
clause. Now, maybe there are elements here, maybe there are special cir-cumstances that make it not a grand-father clause, but the Secretary of State was in front of all of us saying that there is no grandfather clause. It is hard to square that with the plain language of this agreement. 
Let me give another example—the 
much-touted snapback provisions in the agreement. Secretary Lew, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, has talked about how we have a strong snapback provision, how it is going to be prompt, and how it is powerful. These are terms that he has been using in testimony. In many ways I think Members of this body, Democrats and Republicans, see that the effectiveness of this entire deal might hinge on this so-called snapback provision. The more I read about our sanctions and how they work in this agreement, the more questions I have, because to this Senator the snap-back provision seems to be an illusion. It actually seems to be aimed back at the United States. I don’t think we should be calling it a snapback provi-sion. Maybe it should be called the boo-merang provision, because it is aimed 
at us. 
Let me talk a little bit more in de-
tail about this. First, the term ‘‘snap-back’’ was not in the agreement. It is a good term—catchy—and sounds good. It is actually a term used in trade ne-gotiations when a party violates a trade agreement. Trade agreements will have snapback provisions where we raise tariffs on goods immediately. That is a snapback. But that is not what is going on here. That is not what is going to happen here. The practical reality of sanctions, particularly eco-nomic sanctions, is that there is no snap when you put them in. It is a slog. 
Let me give you an example. In my 
experience, I worked with many people at the beginning of our efforts in the Bush Administration, during 2006, 2007, and 2008, to start economically iso-lating Iran. What does that mean? Well, what we did is we leveraged the power of the U.S. economy in close co-ordination with the Congress of the United States, and we went to coun-tries and companies that were big in-vestors in Iran, say, in the oil and gas sector, and we told them that they needed to start divesting out of the largest sponsor of terrorism in the world or the Congress of the United States might look to sanction their company or limit their access to the American market. We were leveraging the authority of the Congress and the power of our economy to get coun-tries—yes, many of which were our al-lies—such as Norway, Germany, France, and Japan to divest and eco-nomically isolate Iran. That took months and years to accomplish. It was a slog. There was no snap. 
What do we see today? European 
companies—it is in the newspapers every day—European CEOs, senior ad-ministration officials in Germany, and government officials are already in 
Tehran. Already, there are companies looking to set up shop, looking to in-vest billions, as they did before. They 
are there now. This deal is not even done yet. They are there. They cannot wait, licking their chops to reinvest in one of the—not one of the biggest, the biggest terrorist regime in the world, which has done more to kill Americans than probably any country in the world in the last 30 years. Of course, this is disappointing, but this history is a re-minder to all of us that the sanctions regime Secretary Kerry talks about— and we certainly did have Iran sur-rounded in terms of sanctions—which was a 110-percent-American-led sanc-tions regime, involving Democrats, Re-publicans, this Congress, and the Bush administration. Yes, a lot of credit goes to the Obama administration on this economic isolation of Iran, which is what brought them to the table to begin with. 
If we reimpose sanctions, there cer-
tainly won’t be a ‘‘snap’’ when it hap-pens. It will be slow. It will be a slog again trying to convince reluctant Eu-ropeans, Russians, and Chinese to pull out of the market once again. Finally, I just want to say one other 
thing, and it goes back again to the plain language of the agreement, where again the snapback provision, so-called snapback provision, seems aimed back at us, the boomerang provision. 
I posed a hypothetical to Secretary 
Kerry, Secretary Lew in a closed ses-sion, in a Senate Armed Services ses-sion yesterday to try and get specifics on what would happen in certain situa-tions. I gave them this hypothetical: Let’s assume sanctions are lifted in the next 6 to 9 months. These are called Annex II sanctions. It is a huge list of sanctions, the most powerful sanctions our country has placed on Iran. All of them—financial, oil, market—are going to be lifted in 6 to 9 months. Let’s assume that happens. 
As we are already seeing, European 
companies, other countries, certainly the Chinese, Russians, Japanese, are going to be rushing into this market, investing billions once again. Assume the Iranian economy is going to start humming with all of this new invest-ment, the lifting of sanctions. A senior Iranian official recently said they are looking for $120 billion of new invest-ment by 2020. They are likely going to get a lot of it, and they are abiding by the deal—no violations of any of the nuclear aspects of this deal. Then, what I think is very likely, sometime within the next 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 years, Iran commits a major act of terrorism. Let’s say they kill more American troops. Let’s say they blow up a con-sulate or embassy somewhere. They are the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism. It doesn’t look as though they want to do anything but continue to do that, so that is a very likely scenario. When that happens, this body reapplies sanctions. It looks at Annex II, some of our most powerful sanctions. We are very upset—bipartisan. We reapply sanctions. The President, whoever that is, signs it because that President, he or she is very upset, and we reimpose serious Annex II sanctions. 
Now, what happens then? I think 
what is going to happen, very likely at that point, is Iran is going to look at this agreement, and they are going to cite either paragraph 26 or paragraph 37. Let me read you both of those. Again, this is the plain language of the statute. 
Paragraph 37. Iran has stated that if 
sanctions are reinstated in whole or in part, Iran will treat that as grounds to cease performing its commitments under the entire agreement. 
Another provision. Iran has stated it 
will treat the reintroduction or reim-position of the sanctions specified in Annex II as grounds to cease per-forming its commitments under the agreement. 
That is in the agreement. So, you 
see, if we reimpose sanctions as part of the snapback, Iran can look at this agreement and say: I’m done. I’m walk-ing. I can legally leave this agreement. They can legally leave this agreement with a humming economy, on the verge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.041 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6169 July 30, 2015 
of a breakout of a nuclear weapon, still 
being the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism, and they can say: Hey, I com-plied with the agreement. The United States reimposed sanctions. I told them what I was going to do, and they do it. 
Again, bottom line, if we use the so- 
called snapback provision, it certainly appears from the language of this agreement that the deal is done. So I have asked Secretary Kerry and Sec-retary Lew twice now: How is that an improper reading of the agreement? Secretary Lew, the Secretary of the Treasury, is trying to argue we are reading that language wrong. He says Annex II sanctions—the big American sanctions, which are what has kept Iran down and what has brought them to the table—can be reimposed if they are reimposed for nonnuclear viola-tions like terrorism. 
When I read this agreement, that 
seems to be a bit of a stretch. Certainly there is a lot of ambiguity, but it is also clear the Iranians clearly won’t agree with that reading. They don’t agree with that reading. This was filed—I ask unanimous consent to have this printed in the R
ECORD . This is the 
Iranian letter dated 20 July 2015, to the United Nations Security Council. It is their interpretation of the agreement. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL , 
New York, NY, July 20, 2015. 
Re Letter dated 20 July 2015 from the Perma-
nent Representative of the Islamic Re-public of Iran to the United Nations ad-dressed to the President of the Security Council 
I have the honour to enclose herewith a 
text entitled ‘‘Statement of the Islamic Re-public of Iran following the adoption of United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 (2015) endorsing the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action’’ (see annex). 
I should be grateful if you would arrange 
for the circulation of the present letter and its annex as a document of the Security Council. 
G
HOLAMALI KHOSHROO , 
Ambassador, Permanent Representative. 
Re Annex to the letter dated 20 July 2015 
from the Permanent Representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the Presi-dent of the Security Council 
S
TATEMENT OF THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN 
FOLLOWING THE ADOPTION OF UNITED NA-
TIONS SECURITY COUNCIL RESOLUTION 2231 
(2015) E NDORSING THE JOINT COMPREHENSIVE  
PLAN OF ACTION  
1. The Islamic Republic of Iran considers 
science and technology, including peaceful nuclear technology, as the common heritage of mankind. At the same time, on the basis of solid ideological, strategic and inter-national principles, Iran categorically re-jects weapons of mass destruction and par-ticularly nuclear weapons as obsolete and in-human, and detrimental to international peace and security. Inspired by the sublime Islamic teachings, and based on the views and practice of the late founder of the Is-lamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini, and the historic Fatwa of the leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Khamenei, who has declared all weapons of mass destruction (WMD), particularly nuclear weapons, to be 
Haram (strictly forbidden) in Islamic juris-prudence, the Islamic Republic of Iran de-clares that it has always been the policy of the Islamic Republic of Iran to prohibit the acquisition, production, stockpiling or use of nuclear weapons. 
2. The Islamic Republic of Iran underlines 
the imperative of the total elimination of nuclear weapons, as a requirement of inter-national security and an obligation under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nu-clear Weapons. The Islamic Republic of Iran is determined to engage actively in all inter-national diplomatic and legal efforts to save humanity from the menace of nuclear weap-ons and their proliferation, including through the establishment of nuclear-weap-on-free zones, particularly in the Middle East. 
3. The Islamic Republic of Iran firmly in-
sists that States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons shall 
not be prevented from enjoying their inalien-able rights under the Treaty to develop re-search, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with articles I and II of the Treaty. 
4. The finalization of the Joint Comprehen-
sive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on 14 July 2015 signifies a momentous step by the Islamic Republic of Iran and the E3/EU+3 to resolve, through negotiations and based on mutual respect, an unnecessary crisis, which had been manufactured by baseless allegations about the Iranian peaceful nuclear pro-gramme, followed by unjustified politically motivated measures against the people of Iran. 
5. The JCPOA is premised on reciprocal 
commitments by Iran and the E3/EU+3, en-suring the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran’s nuclear programme, on the one hand, and the termination of all provisions of Se-curity Council resolutions 1696 (2006), 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), 1803 (2008), 1835 (2008), 1929 (2010) and 2224 (2015) and the comprehensive lifting of all United Nations Security Coun-cil sanctions, and all nuclear-related sanc-tions imposed by the United States and the European Union and its member States, on the other. The Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to implement its voluntary un-dertakings in good faith contingent upon same good-faith implementation of all un-dertakings, including those involving the re-moval of sanctions and restrictive measures, by the E3/EU+3 under the JCPOA. 
6. Removal of nuclear-related sanctions 
and restrictive measures by the European Union and the United States would mean that transactions and activities referred to under the JCPOA could be carried out with Iran and its entities anywhere in the world without fear of retribution from extraterritorial harassment, and all persons would be able to freely choose to engage in commercial and financial transactions with Iran. It is clearly spelled out in the JCPOA that both the European Union and the United States will refrain from reintro-ducing or reimposing the sanctions and re-strictive measures lifted under the JCPOA. It is understood that reintroduction or reim-position, including through extension, of the sanctions and restrictive measures will con-stitute significant non-performance which would relieve Iran from its commitments in part or in whole. Removal of sanctions fur-ther necessitates taking appropriate domes-tic legal and administrative measures, in-cluding legislative and regulatory measures to effectuate the removal of sanctions. The JCPOA requires an effective end to all dis-criminatory compliance measures and proce-dures as well as public statements incon-sistent with the intent of the agreement. Iran underlines the agreement by JCPOA 
participants that immediately after the adoption of the Security Council resolution endorsing the JCPOA, the European Union, its member States and the United States will begin consultation with Iran regarding rel-evant guidelines and publicly accessible statements on the details of sanctions or re-strictive measures to be lifted under the JCPOA. 
7. The Islamic Republic of Iran will pursue 
its peaceful nuclear programme, including its enrichment and enrichment research and development, consistent with its own plan as agreed in the JCPOA, and will work closely with its counterparts to ensure that the agreement will endure the test of time and achieve all its objectives. This commitment is based on assurances by the E3/EU+3 that they will cooperate in this peaceful pro-gramme consistent with their commitments under the JCPOA. It is understood and agreed that, through steps agreed with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), all past and present issues of con-cern will be considered and concluded by the IAEA Board of Governors before the end of 2015. The IAEA has consistently concluded heretofore that Iran’s declared activities are exclusively peaceful. Application of the Ad-ditional Protocol henceforth is intended to pave the way for a broader conclusion that no undeclared activity is evidenced in Iran either. To this end, the Islamic Republic of Iran will cooperate with the IAEA, in accord-ance with the terms of the Additional Pro-tocol as applied to all signatories. The IAEA should, at the same time, exercise vigilance 
to ensure full protection of all confidential information. The Islamic Republic of Iran has always fulfilled its international non- proliferation obligations scrupulously and will meticulously declare all its relevant ac-tivities under the Additional Protocol. In this context, the Islamic Republic of Iran is confident that since no nuclear activity is or will ever be carried out in any military facil-ity, such facilities will not be the subject of inspection. 
8. The Joint Commission established under 
the JCPOA should be enabled to address and resolve disputes in an impartial, effective, efficient and expeditious manner. Its pri-mary role is to address complaints by Iran and ensure that effects of sanctions lifting stipulated in the JCPOA will be fully real-ized. The Islamic Republic of Iran may re-consider its commitments under the JCPOA if the effects of the termination of the Secu-rity Council, European Union or United States nuclear-related sanctions or restric-tive measures are impaired by continued ap-plication or the imposition of new sanctions with a nature and scope identical or similar to those that were in place prior to the im-plementation date, irrespective of whether such new sanctions are introduced on nu-clear-related or other grounds, unless the issues are remedied within a reasonably short time. 
9. Reciprocal measures, envisaged in the 
dispute settlement mechanism of the JCPOA, to redress significant non-perform-ance are considered as the last resort if sig-nificant non-performance persists and is not remedied within the arrangements provided for in the JCPOA. The Islamic Republic of Iran considers such measures as highly un-likely, as the objective is to ensure compli-ance rather than provide an excuse for arbi-trary reversibility or means for pressure or manipulation. Iran is committed to fully im-plement its voluntary commitments in good faith. In order to ensure continued compli-ance by all JCPOA participants, the Islamic Republic of Iran underlines that in case the mechanism is applied against Iran or its en-tities and sanctions, particularly Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.052 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6170 July 30, 2015 
Council measures, are restored, the Islamic 
Republic of Iran will treat this as grounds to cease performing its commitments under the JCPOA and to reconsider its cooperation with the IAEA. 
10. The Islamic Republic of Iran underlines 
the common understanding and clearly stat-ed agreement of all JCPOA participants that affirms that the provisions of Security Coun-cil resolution 2231 (2015) endorsing the JCPOA do not constitute provisions of the JCPOA and can in no way impact the per-formance of the JCPOA. 
11. The Government of the Islamic Repub-
lic of Iran is determined to actively con-tribute to the promotion of peace and sta-bility in the region in the face of the increas-ing threat of terrorism and violent extre-mism. Iran will continue its leading role in fighting this menace and stands ready to co-operate fully with its neighbours and the international community in dealing with this common global threat. Moreover, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran will continue to take necessary measures to strengthen its defence capabilities in order to protect its sov-ereignty, independence and territorial integ-rity against any aggression and to counter the menace of terrorism in the region. In this context, Iranian military capabilities, including ballistic missiles, are exclusively 
for legitimate defence. They have not been designed for WMD capability, and are thus outside the purview or competence of the Se-curity Council resolution and its annexes. 
12. The Islamic Republic of Iran expects to 
see meaningful realization of the funda-mental shift in the Security Council’s ap-proach envisaged in the preamble of Security Council resolution 2231 (2015). The Council has an abysmal track record in dealing with Iran, starting with its acquiescing silence in the face of a war of aggression by Saddam Hussain against Iran in 1980, its refusal from 1984 to 1988 to condemn, let alone act against, massive, systematic and widespread use of chemical weapons against Iranian sol-diers and civilians by Saddam Hussain, and the continued material and intelligence sup-port for Saddam Hussain’s chemical warfare by several of its members. Even after Sad-dam invaded Kuwait, the Security Council not only obdurately refused to rectify its malice against the people of Iran, but went even further and imposed ostensibly WMD- driven sanctions against these victims of chemical warfare and the Council’s acqui-escing silence. Instead of at least noting the fact that Iran had not even retaliated against Saddam Hussain’s use of chemical weapons, the Council rushed to act on politi-cally charged baseless allegations against Iran and unjustifiably imposed a wide range of sanctions against the Iranian people as retribution for their resistance to coercive pressures to abandon their peaceful nuclear programme. It is important to remember that these sanctions, which should not have been imposed in the first place, are the sub-ject of removal under the JCPOA and Secu-rity Council resolution 2231 (2015). 
13. Therefore, the Islamic Republic of Iran 
continues to insist that all sanctions and re-strictive measures introduced and applied against the people of Iran, including those applied under the pretext of its nuclear pro-gramme, have been baseless, unjust and un-lawful. Hence, nothing in the JCPOA shall be construed to imply, directly or indirectly, an admission of or acquiescence by the Islamic Republic of Iran in the legitimacy, validity or enforceability of the sanctions and re-strictive measures adopted against Iran by the Security Council, the European Union or its member States, the United States or any other State, nor shall it be construed as a waiver or a limitation on the exercise of any related right the Islamic Republic of Iran is entitled to under relevant national legisla-
tion, international instruments or legal prin-ciples. 
14. The Islamic Republic of Iran is con-
fident that the good-faith implementation of the JCPOA by all its participants will help restore the confidence of the Iranian people, who have been unduly subjected to illegal pressure and coercion under the pretext of this manufactured crisis, and will open new possibilities for cooperation in dealing with real global challenges and actual threats to regional security. Our region has long been mired in undue tension while extremists and terrorists continue to gain and maintain ground. It is high time to redirect attention and focus on these imminent threats and seek and pursue effective means to defeat this common menace. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. You want to know 
what the Iranians say about the reim-position of so-called snapback sanc-tions? Here is what they say: It is clearly spelled out in the agreement that both the European Union and the United States will refrain from reintro-ducing or reimposing the sanctions— now they are talking about Annex II sanctions—and restrictive measures lifted under the agreement. It is under-stood that reintroduction or reimposi-tion, including through extension of the sanctions and restrictive measures, will constitute significant nonperform-ance which would relieve Iran from its commitments to this agreement in whole or in part. 
My colleague Senator A
YOTTE from 
New Hampshire yesterday asked Sec-retary Kerry and Secretary Lew about this provision. They did not give a clear answer because there is no clear answer. Right now there is huge dis-agreement between the United States and Iran on the language in the agree-ment on whether, to what degree, these so-called snapback provisions will work or will undermine our national security interests, which is what I be-lieve they will do. 
I have asked the administration to 
quit using that term. It is not in the agreement. The language makes clear that it is going to take years. There is no ‘‘snap.’’ If we ever use it, that is it for the agreement. They have not given the Members of this body a straight-forward answer on that issue. We need to keep asking these kinds of ques-tions. We need to keep doing our due diligence, but we need clarity. The American people need clarity, not spin, on critical issues such as this side IAEA agreement, which nobody seems to have read, and we certainly have not seen; the grandfather clause, which certainly looks like a grandfather clause, but now we are told by Sec-retary Kerry is not a grandfather clause; and perhaps, most importantly, this so-called snapback provision which I believe is illusory and is aimed at us, not at the pariah state that we are all concerned about, and that is Iran. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS , and I be permitted to proceed as in morning 
business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. C OLLINS and Mr. 
COONS pertaining to the introduction of 
S. 1911 are printed in today’s R ECORD  
under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, 50 years 
ago today, President Lyndon Johnson signed into law the Social Security Act amendments that created Medicare and Medicaid. Our country slammed the door on the days when far too many older people languished in poverty without the financial security that comes from affordable, high-quality health care. It was a day when sick, older people were warehoused on poor farms and in almshouses. Just picture that. On the edge of town we had older people, literally without a shred of dig-nity, in what came to be known as almshouses. But Lyndon Johnson and others said that had to be changed, and five decades ago it did. Today, more than 100 million Americans have access to high-quality health care thanks to Medicare and Medicaid. 
We can measure the remarkable suc-
cess of these programs in so many ways, but in my judgment, one of the most important and most appealing as-pects of Medicare and Medicaid is their ability to grow, their ability to change, and their ability to evolve to meet the needs of our country. The reality is that Medicare in 2015 is very different from Medicare in 1965. Medicare in 1965 was about something like a broken ankle. If it was a serious break, you would be in the hospital—Part A. If it was not a particularly serious break, you would go to the doctor—that was Part B. That was Medicare circa 1965. Today, Medicare is about chronic ill-ness, it is about cancer, it is about dia-betes, it is about stroke, and it is about heart disease. You put Alzheimer’s in, and that is well more than 90 percent of the Medicare Program. So it is a very different Medicare Program today than it was in 1965. 
One of the aspects of Medicare and 
Medicaid I find so appealing is they have shown a certain ability, a sense of creativity, to always evolve with the times. 
What I would like to do is take a few 
minutes to describe how I think Medi-care and Medicaid are going to change in the next 50 years because I think there are some remarkable develop-ments ahead. I see my wonderful col-league from the Senate Committee on Finance. She has been very involved in a number of these changes that have been so exciting in Medicare and Med-icaid. 
What I am going to do this afternoon 
is just take a few minutes to talk about four or five trends that I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.011 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6171 July 30, 2015 
are going to be led by these two pro-
grams that have done so much for sen-iors and vulnerable people in our coun-try. 
The first is, I believe Medicare and 
Medicaid are going to lead a revolution in caring for vulnerable people at home. Our health care programs are going to give seniors more of what they want, which is to secure treatment at home where they are more com-fortable. I think people are going to be amazed to see that seniors will get more of what they want, which is treatment at home—in Michigan, in Oregon, in Nebraska—and we now have hard information that it will be less ex-pensive for older people to get what they want. 
In the Affordable Care Act, I was able 
to author a provision with our col-league, the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. M
ARKEY , the Inde-
pendence At Home Program. This pro-gram has already shown it can save more than $3,000, on average, for every patient who takes part. 
So picture that. This is not an exam-
ple of reducing the Medicare guar-antee—these guaranteed secure bene-fits that older people in every part of America rely on. This is about pro-tecting the Medicare guarantee and doing it in a way that keeps seniors happier and costs less money. That is a pretty good package by anybody’s cal-culation. 
In my home State of Oregon, the 
Medicaid Program also has a smart policy that tracks this focus on caring for the vulnerable at home. In effect, what Oregon Medicaid has done is allow health care providers to offer services that go beyond what many might consider the textbook definition of a medical service. It is all about keeping people healthier at home and out of the emergency room. So instead of waiting to treat broken ankles or wrists, perhaps in a hospital emergency room, after a senior falls again and again and again, what we are now doing in Oregon Medicaid is saying the staff of this program will visit the sen-ior’s home and perhaps replace the bro-ken floorboards or the dangerous rugs that are causing the seniors to slip again and again and go to the hospital emergency room. 
Think about that. You could help a 
little bit at home by replacing a dan-gerous rug or you could have somebody slip and fall again and again and again and go to the hospital emergency room. Again, replacing that dangerous rug wouldn’t probably meet the clin-ical definition of a medical service as it was always determined in years past, but now we are seeing it as part of hav-ing older people in a position to be at home, where they are more com-fortable, for less money. 
The second significant development 
where I think Medicare and Medicaid are going to lead is on pharma-ceuticals. I think the pricing of pre-scription drugs in the future is going to be connected in some fashion to the value of treatment. We have seen re-
markable changes in pharmaceuticals. The reality is that in the last 10 years we have seen real cures for illnesses where there was a death sentence per-haps a decade ago, but the sticker prices on some of these pharma-ceuticals are astronomical. For so many working-class families and sen-iors of modest means, they look at these prices and say this just defies common sense, and they seem to get more expensive over time. Sometimes there is a six-figure pricetag. 
The reality is Medicare and Medicaid 
weren’t set up for these kinds of costs. The experts at the Congressional Budg-et Office are starting to ring the alarm bell, particularly about the health of Medicare Part D. Addressing this issue is going to take a lot of vigorous de-bate in the Congress, but it can’t be ducked any longer. 
Senator G
RASSLEY and I have been 
working for about a year now in look-ing into SOVALDI, one of the hepatitis C drugs, which has had enormous rami-fications for health programs—Medi-care, Medicaid, and others—and we are continuing our work. 
Third, in addition to pharmaceuticals 
and home care, I think Medicare is going to lead the revolution for open access to health care data. Again, Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and I have put a lot of 
sweat equity into the issue of data transparency in Medicare. It paid off in 2014, when the Obama administration, to its credit, opened up a massive trove of information. The wave of disclosure that began, particularly with doctors— and the Wall Street Journal reported this very extensively—must keep roll-ing forward. 
The next step is turning open data 
into valuable tools and getting them into patients’ hands. Health care data, packaged the right way, ought to help seniors and others choose doctors and nursing homes. It ought to help figure out which hospitals and specialists excel in certain areas, and it ought to help show exactly what you get for your dollar with various treatments or doctors. 
Fourth, I believe Medicare is going to 
lead the debate on improving end-of- life care. All the roads with respect to end-of-life care, in my view, point to-ward patients having more choices and a better quality of life. In my view, we ought to make sure patients are in the driver’s seat. In this regard, I was very pleased the Obama administration an-nounced just a few days ago a real breakthrough in terms of end-of-life care. I think we have all had the de-bate. We certainly had that debate in the Affordable Care Act, where we heard about seniors not being given the opportunity to choose life, to choose cures, and they were going to, in effect, be receiving what amounted to death sentences. 
In the Affordable Care Act, I was able 
to get included a provision that made it clear that is not what this debate would be all about. For the first time it would be possible for an individual who 
is receiving hospice care to also have the option for curative care. In other words, they would not have to sacrifice one for the other. That is very impor-tant to patients because even when pa-tients are contemplating the prospect of hospice care, they want to know— because it is almost in our gene pool as Americans, as Nebraskans, and Orego-nians—whether there may be a cure. Maybe our ingenuity will come up with a cure, and they want to have that hope. Now they are going to have it. 
The result of the change is called 
concurrent care—the Care Choices model. For the first time patients and families will be in the driver’s seat and they will not have to give up the pros-pect of curative care in order to get hospice. For the first time we are giv-ing those who want treatment in hos-pice some real flexibility. 
Next, I think Medicare is going to go 
further to protect Americans with cat-astrophic coverage. The reality is that millions of Americans who are younger than 65 are protected against the huge expense of an accident or serious ill-ness. This is an area where I think Medicare, having led in so many areas with the kind of creative genius I have described—going to show the way on home care, pharmaceuticals, end-of-life care, and more access to data—that most advocates for seniors say Medi-care has a little catching up to do. Sen-iors ought to have the safety of an out- of-pocket maximum in Medicare. 
I know this is an area I very much 
look forward to talking to my col-league from Michigan about. She has been a wonderful advocate for seniors throughout all her career in public service. I think colleagues on the Com-mittee on Finance of both political parties are going to say, if there is cat-astrophic protection in the private sec-tor, it is high time we have it for sen-iors on Medicare. I think this is an area we will also be talking about. 
I want to wrap up with one last 
point; that is, about Medicaid. I also believe more States are going to come around and expand their Medicaid Pro-grams. It took nearly two decades for all 50 States to adopt Medicaid ini-tially, so there is already a history of this unfolding over time. 
When we look at the numbers, we see 
the proposition and the benefit of ex-panding Medicaid is not exactly some kind of theoretical notion. A new study shows there is a gulf opening in terms of access to health care between States that have expanded Medicaid and States that have not. 
In our country, everybody should 
have access to medical care, regardless of their ZIP Code, but it is not only a question of what is best for the health of our people, it can often be pretty im-portant to a State’s economy. A recent study found that Kentucky and their cost of covering new Medicaid patients will be far outstripped by the other economic benefits of expanding the program. In my view, more States are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.055 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6172 July 30, 2015 
likely to do the right thing by their 
citizens and their economies, and the gulf between those States that cover individuals on Medicaid and those that do not will narrow. 
Mr. President, I am going to close on 
a little bit of a personal note. My back-ground is working with older people. Years ago I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers. It was an extraordinary honor to be able to do this. Those were the days when if a town had a lunch program for older people, it was consid-ered a big deal. Senator S
TABENOW was 
starting her career in the Michigan Legislature, and she remembers those days. It was a big deal when a town just had a lunch program where older people could congregate. That was con-sidered a pretty serious array of senior services because you could get a few things there where older people got lunch. 
So as we have heard, now we are 
looking at the opportunities for ex-traordinary innovation. 
Elizabeth Holmes was here today and 
had a chance to visit with several Members. She has taken the whole no-tion of personalized medicine—and per-sonalized medicine where in effect an individual could order their own test, and it costs only a few dollars. The State of Arizona has already embraced it. She is talking to government offi-cials about something that would em-power patients and would make sense from a health quality standpoint and from the standpoint of cost. 
She is a young, very gifted woman. I 
believe she is a graduate of Stanford, my alma mater. I talked yesterday to her about this. I could just see the en-thusiasm for the future of health care and what she has already been able to accomplish and what she is going to be able to do in the days ahead with this new focus on personalized medicine and tests that empower patients to make their own decisions about health care. As to the sums of money that are in-volved for the tests, I am not sure they are even going to be able to be proc-essed by government computers be-cause they are too small. We are going to save too much money. So there are going to be very exciting developments ahead for Medicare and Medicaid. 
The last 50 years have been an ex-
traordinary run for these programs. It is a personal thrill for me to have been involved in the early years of these programs. Now they are essential to the well-being of more than 100 million Americans. 
We take this special day to kind of 
savor how much progress has been made from the days when America had poorhouses and almshouses for seniors to today, where Medicare is leading the way on home care and disclosing data and looking at new approaches with re-spect to health tests, such as what Elizabeth Holmes has been here to visit on. We can see that with Medicare and Medicaid, their particular genius is that they are always keeping up with the times and looking to new ap-proaches that better meet the needs of 
older people and do it in an affordable fashion. 
I will close by way of saying that I 
don’t think there is a single area I have talked about—I know my colleague and the Chair are members of a different political parties—or I don’t think there is a single issue that I have brought up here in the last 15 or 20 minutes that Democrats and Republicans can’t find common ground on. In fact, Chairman H
ATCH in the Finance Committee, to 
his credit, has said that by the end of the year he wants Democrats and Re-publicans on our committee to produce a bill dealing with chronic illness— which, as I suggested, is what Medicare is all about and is responsible for 90 percent of the spending. So on that hopeful note, after an incredible 50- year run, I think the next 50 years are going to be even better. In the four or five areas that I have been talking about for a few minutes, I don’t think there is a one of them where Demo-crats and Republicans can’t find com-mon ground. 
I know my colleague from Michigan 
is waiting to speak. I will note as I wrap up that she has really been a leader in this field, particularly in get-ting Democrats and Republicans to-gether. By the way, as she begins her speech, I would note that many Ameri-cans are going to receive better mental health care services in the years ahead largely due to the work—the bipartisan work—of my colleague on these issues. 
So I am happy to wrap up my com-
ments and look forward to hearing from my colleague from Michigan. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, be-
fore my friend from Oregon leaves, I wish to make a couple of comments about our leader on the Finance Com-mittee. Sitting and listening to him about his optimism and hopefulness really helps me have optimism so we can actually come together and get things done. 
I can’t think of anybody who, first of 
all, is more creative or willing to look at all kinds of ideas in order to be able to strengthen health care—Medicare, Medicaid—for quality and cost contain-ment issues. Back during health care reform, I was proud to join Senator W
YDEN on what I believe was an ex-
tremely thoughtful approach around health care. Again, I very much appre-ciate all that he does. 
I have to say that I know he has re-
minded me many times about coming to the Senate and elected office from the early years with Gray Panthers and organizing for seniors. I come to pub-lic-service elected office after a big fight to save the county nursing home in Ingham County, Michigan. So we both came to public service fighting for health care for older Americans. It is 
my honor to continue to serve with him and also with the Senator from Pennsylvania, who has joined us on the floor as well. I do in fact come to recognize the 
50th anniversary of the signing of Medicare and Medicaid into law. I view these as great American success stories and the best about us in terms of our values. I think it is important, though, when we look at this, to sort of say: This is Thursday; we are going to do a ‘‘Throwback Thursday’’ moment here, and look at the context in which these programs were created. 
There was the early 1960s. It was a 
time of great social upheaval. It was a time, frankly, of segregation and Jim Crow laws and a time also when there was no safety net for older Americans or Americans with disabilities when it came to the possibility of going to the doctor or getting the medical care that people needed. If someone was living in poverty, they simply could not afford to see a doctor to be able to get med-ical care for them or for their family. 
But within the civil rights move-
ment, our Nation became more attuned to the injustices of society for people of color as well as those in society who were struggling with illnesses—just basic health care needs—or with pov-erty. 
In 1963, in his ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ 
speech, Martin Luther King challenged Americans to live out the true meaning of the creed of our Nation, the Declara-tion of Independence: that all men and women are created equal, and that all of us are entitled to life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I think that includes access to health care for our-selves and our families. Our country re-sponded to that challenge through the passage of the Civil Rights Act and through the passage 50 years ago of leg-islation that created Medicare and Medicaid. This was a momentous event in our Nation’s history. It dem-onstrated our willingness to take ac-tion to ensure that our Nation’s laws were in line with our core values as a country. It is so important that we be working together to do that again. That is what we should be doing every day. 
Let’s remember that before the cre-
ation of Medicare, only half of our sen-iors had health insurance or could even find health insurance. That meant half of them were struggling probably to get the medical care they needed or they were going into an emergency room—which, by the way, is the most expensive way—to be treated rather than going to the doctor and getting preventative care and so on. We saw about half of our seniors and people with disabilities in that situation. 
President Lyndon B. Johnson was the 
strong principled leader we needed in that moment, and 50 years ago he signed the Medicare bill into law. When he did, he said: 
No longer will older Americans be denied 
the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the sav-ings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dig-nity in their later years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.056 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6173 July 30, 2015 
The Medicare Program really is a 
great American success story that con-nects all of us together—each genera-tion—and each generation has done its part to strengthen that, including our own. That is why it is so important that we not go backwards at this time. This is where, unfortunately, we see a real difference here in the Senate and the House and in the political discourse more broadly, because we have seen, unfortunately, a Republican budget— House and Senate—that has passed this year with almost $500 billion in Medi-care cuts, efforts to turn the system away from a universal program into something that—whether we call it vouchers or whether we have other names for it—would take away the con-fidence and ability for older people and people with disabilities to know they have health care, which is what Medi-care is all about. 
What we need to be doing instead of 
those things—and we even have Presi-dential candidates saying we should phase out Medicare. We should not be doing that. We should be working to ensure the programs’ health and lon-gevity so people are confident that, as they work and pay into the system— because, by the way, people are paying into this system—it will be there when they retire in terms of a health care system for them. 
I also very much appreciate our 
ranking member in the Finance Com-mittee talking about the new things we need to do. I will just mention one. When we look at Medicare, $1 out of $5 today is spent on Alzheimer’s, as our ranking member knows. So many of us are working together. There are bipar-tisan efforts going on to tackle this question. Senator C
OLLINS from Maine 
and I have what is called the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act. Senator C
OLLINS is 
also working very hard and has in fact increased research, which is so impor-tant. But we need to know that we are doing everything we can to support Alzheimer’s patients and their families and to find cures. 
The exciting part is that we are see-
ing more and more opportunities through research. I have had so many conversations with researchers in Michigan and across the country. We are so close in so many areas to be able to break through if we don’t go back-wards on research funding, as unfortu-nately happens if we are not coming to-gether and appropriately funding the budget. 
So there are a lot of things we need 
to do: save dollars, increase quality, and make sure we are tackling the challenges right now of health care for older Americans. I am constantly re-minded that in my State there are nearly half a million people right now who get their health care through Medicare and some 40 million nation-wide. 
I will talk for a minute now about 
the other path on that legislation, which is Medicaid. Now, that program came in response to a crisis in health care for low-income Americans and 
those with disabilities as well, and it has been nothing less than a lifeline for people, saving lives now for 50 years. During this last great recession that we had, there were so many families struggling to pay for basic health care needs that Medicaid literally was the saving grace that helped them and their families get back on their feet. 
Medicaid is especially vital to 
women. Nearly half of all births in our country are funded through Medicaid. It gives young women access to pre-ventative services such as cancer screenings. 
I would also again thank our ranking 
member and our chairman for includ-ing legislation on Medicaid and a series of bipartisan bills that just passed the Senate Finance Committee. The Qual-ity Care for Moms and Babies Act is about making sure we have quality standards across the country for low- income moms who are pregnant, going through prenatal care, delivery, and for babies. Senator G
RASSLEY from Iowa is 
my partner in that effort. 
It is also critical to note that on 
Medicaid, actually 80 percent of the dollars goes to long-term care for low- income seniors. As I said in the begin-ning, when I got involved in this whole process of public service and elected of-fice, it was because of a nursing home that took Medicaid and helped low-in-come seniors be able to have a nursing home. In fact, 80 percent of Medicaid goes for seniors in nursing homes and long-term care. 
Unfortunately, as with Medicare, 
what we have seen in the budgets is this: Rather than working together to strengthen Medicaid, we have seen countless attacks over and over to cut funding, to block grant the program. Over $1 trillion in the next 10 years to cut Medicaid was actually passed by the Republican majority in the House and the Senate. 
That is not the direction we need to 
go in as we are celebrating the 50th an-niversary of Medicare and Medicaid. We still have Governors who refuse to use funding that is available to them to cover their seniors in nursing homes under Medicaid or moms and babies, families—low-income working families. 
We put into the Affordable Care Act 
the ability for people who are working in low-paying jobs to be able to have access to health care through Med-icaid. Yet we still have 3.7 million Americans who can’t get health care. It is not because the money is not there but because of politics. I think that is pretty outrageous. 
Of the 3.7 million, 2 million are 
women. That is 2 million women who can’t get health care services, whether it is screenings or mammograms, they can’t get coverage for labor, delivery, and prenatal care. It is available. It is right there. It is not happening because of politics. 
I am determined—as I know our 
ranking member is and my Democratic colleagues are as well—to make sure we are standing up for Medicare and 
Medicaid every single day. Medicaid is a program that allows 72 million Amer-icans—including nearly 13 million working Americans, low-income work-ing Americans who have gotten cov-erage because of the Affordable Care Act—to be able to go to bed at night with the knowledge that if their chil-dren get sick, they will be able to take them to the doctor or for any of us, if our parents or grandparents need a nursing home, they will be able to have one. 
Medicaid and the Children’s Health 
Insurance Program together provide 33 million children with the ability to see a doctor, to get the operation they need, to be able to have their juvenile diabetes taken care of or other health care issues. 
Today is not just an anniversary of 
programs. I think it is an opportunity to recommit ourselves to the ideals that created these programs, the val-ues that are behind these programs, and to say that health care is pretty important to families. 
Now, 50 years ago we decided for our 
seniors we were going to make sure they could live in dignity in retirement and know they were going to be able to get the health care they needed. People are living longer and healthier lives. People are living today because of Medicare, Social Security, and Med-icaid, all together. That is a great thing. We should be celebrating the fact that President Johnson, working with the Congress, got that done. 
I believe this is the kind of approach 
we need to continue to strengthen for future generations. There is a huge di-vide right now about what to do on these programs, unfortunately, but I can say that we as Democrats are re-committing ourselves to a strong Medi-care Program and a strong Medicaid Program for the future for American families. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise as 
well—as the senior Senator from Michigan just told us—to highlight and celebrate this anniversary, 50 years for both Medicare and Medicaid. 
I am going to focus my remarks on 
Medicaid and to say, first, that con-trary to what we often hear about an important program such as this, Med-icaid is working. Medicaid is helping tens of millions of Americans. We can all come up with ways to make changes, and we probably will over the next couple of years, but Medicaid is maybe one of the most underrated health care programs in recent Amer-ican history, for sure, and it is not sim-ply millions who are benefiting from Medicaid but tens of millions. There are 68 million Americans who are Med-icaid beneficiaries nationally and 36 million of them are children. 
When folks talk about families and 
children and the priority we place on helping our families, I hope that means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.058 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6174 July 30, 2015 
strengthening Medicaid, not slashing 
it, not destroying it, and not taking some of the steps that have been pro-posed in Washington over the last cou-ple years. 
It is interesting, about 45 percent of 
all births in the country are paid for by Medicaid. So 45 percent of the babies born in America are on this Earth be-cause they have the Medicaid Program to pay for the cost of the birth, which is not inexpensive. On the other end of the age spectrum, about 60 percent of nursing home placements in the coun-try come through Medicaid. This isn’t a program for someone else far away. This is a program that affects most of America. A lot of lower middle income families and others have the oppor-tunity to place a loved one in a nursing home because of Medicaid, as well as what I said about the births. 
Another way to think about Medicaid 
is the impact on children across the country—not only children in urban areas or children in communities where most families are low-income. When you examine both health care for chil-dren as it relates to Medicaid and to children who receive health care through the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program—which in Pennsylvania we call CHIP—in rural areas that num-ber is very high. There was a study done last fall that 47 percent of rural children get their health care from ei-ther Medicaid or from the CHIP pro-gram—actually, a higher percentage of the children in rural areas than in urban areas. 
This is serious business when we talk 
about highlighting the benefits of Med-icaid—not just celebrating an anniver-sary but celebrating working and hav-ing a sense of purpose and solidarity about preserving Medicaid for our fam-ilies and strengthening it where we can. 
One of the reasons Medicaid has been 
so successful over time is because of some of the strategies that were em-bedded in the program many years ago, especially as it relates to children. We know Medicaid serves children. It serves individuals with disabilities. In fact, that is a big number as well. Now, 8.8 million nonelderly individuals with disabilities are Medicaid beneficiaries nationally. It serves individuals with disabilities. But when you focus just on children as a segment of Medicaid, here is what we find in one of the strategies put in place years ago: The so-called EPSDT—Early Periodic Screening, Di-agnosis, and Treatment Program—that benefit is of substantial significance for the future of our children and therefore the future of our country. Early periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment is responsible for mak-ing sure vulnerable children receive quality and comprehensive care. Pri-vate insurance companies should emu-late in their care what is provided in the so-called EPSDT. 
Twenty-five million low-income chil-
dren have access to this important pro-gram through Medicaid. What is it? I think it is evident from the name, but 
it is good to highlight what it means. First of all, the ‘‘early’’ part of it is the early access in identifying problems early. The second word is ‘‘periodic,’’ which means checking children’s health at periodic age-appropriate in-tervals. ‘‘Screening’’ is self-evident, but maybe you don’t remember what is behind the screening. It is providing physical, mental, developmental, den-tal, hearing, vision, and other screen-ing tests to detect potential problems. The ‘‘screening’’ part of early periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment is vital. ‘‘Diagnostic’’ is performing a di-agnostic test to follow up when a risk is identified. ‘‘Treatment’’ is control, correct or reduce health problems when they are found. 
This isn’t just vital to the life of that 
child and his or her family and his or her ability to grow and learn in school and then succeed and get a job and con-tribute to our country, it is also impor-tant to the rest of us. We are going to 
be a much stronger country if children are the beneficiaries of preventative health care. We all know that. The data has been telling us that for dec-ades. We are just starting to get about the business of finally, at long last, doing more preventative work in our health care system, just like Medicaid has been doing on behalf of children for many years. I think we are learning some lessons from Medicaid that can be applied to the rest of our health care system. 
I know we are short on time because 
we have a number of people who want to make presentations today. I will re-duce my remarks in this fashion. I will tell one story from my home State. Here is one example of a particular family, the Sinclair family. In this case, Owen Sinclair was born with a ge-netic defect with wide-ranging effects. His aorta wraps around his trachea and esophagus. He has trouble swallowing, jaundice, and has other organs that are malformed because of his condition. He needed extensive treatment at a spe-cialized unit of the local children’s hos-pital in Pennsylvania. After birth, he had to stay in the hospital on and off for most of the first 6 months of his life, but his parents’ insurance only covered him for 30 days after birth. The tests and treatments and the surgeries and medications were far beyond the income of his parents. In the first 30 days, their copays alone were more than $15,000—30 days, $15,000. Medicaid literally saved this child’s life. Owen Sinclair needs continuing testing, treatment, and nutrition support. The Sinclairs worry about their little boy, but at least they don’t have to worry about going bankrupt because they love him and want him to get the med-ical care he needs. 
That is the real world of the substan-
tial and immeasurable benefits that Medicaid provides in the life of a child, the life of a family, and obviously in the life of our Nation’s future. 
We have to do more today than just 
celebrate 50 years. That is nice. We should all take time to celebrate, but 
we have to be committed and recom-mitted to the future of Medicaid, to strengthen it, to support it—not to un-dermine it and not to destroy the bene-fits we all know are vital to our chil-dren, vital to their future development, and vital to help them learn. If kids learn more when they are young, they are going to earn more later. We are all better off for that. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I also rise 
to celebrate this important anniver-sary. Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed into law Medicaid and Medicare with my favor-ite President sitting next to him, President Harry S. Truman. 
Mr. President, I came up and asked 
you a question, and I am proud to tell the whole Chamber, as everybody is lis-tening, there is only, I think, one Mem-ber of the current U.S. Senate who was at the inauguration of LBJ, and it is the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Wyoming, who was at that inaugura-tion in January of 1964. 
Clearly, the signature of Medicare 
and Medicaid was one of President Johnson’s and one of our Nation’s proudest legislative achievements. Medicare is the landmark program which makes sure seniors have access to health care, and Medicaid is equally critical. It helps low-income seniors, children, and people with disabilities get their necessary health care. 
Today I wish to talk about Medicaid. 
Others have spoken about Medicare earlier. Senator C
ASEY did a good job 
speaking about Medicaid, and I want to do the same because I have seen the success of Medicaid as a mayor and as a Governor, and now as a Senator, it is absolutely critical. 
In 2014, as Senator C
ASEY mentioned, 
Medicaid provided health coverage to nearly 70 million Americans, including 1 million Virginians. In Virginia, about 600,000 children, 2 out of every 7 kids, are covered through Medicaid or its companion program CHIP. Medicaid is important. The Presiding Officer is a physician, so he knows that Medicaid is not just coverage to get health care when you need it, it is also about fi-nancial security because health care bills are often what push families into bankruptcy or into financially stress-ful situations, so the Medicaid cov-erage that covers 70 million Americans gives them financial stability. 
Medicaid is about peace of mind. If 
you are completely healthy, but you are going to sleep at night wondering what will happen if your wife is in an auto accident or if your child becomes ill, that is a source of anxiety that is helped a little bit by having the cov-erage that Medicaid provides. 
It is also for people with disabilities. 
This is important to note. It is about independence. A lot of citizens with disabilities, because they are able to be on Medicaid, are able to work part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.063 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6175 July 30, 2015 
time because Medicaid provides them 
with coverage that enables them to live independent lives. That is what Medicaid is about. 
Now, today at 50, we think Medicaid 
is a given, but let me remind everybody that Medicaid was controversial when it was passed 50 years ago. In the House and Senate there were a lot of ‘‘no’’ votes, and Medicaid was an opt-in pro-gram, not a mandate. States could de-cide whether to opt-in or not. A lot of States chose not to be a part of Med-icaid. They were the slowpoke States. 
I think every family knows what I 
mean. Every family probably has a slowpoke. Frankly, I have a sister-in- law who is a slowpoke. If we are trying to go to church, a restaurant, or any-where, we can always know that what-ever time we say we will go, we will have this one family member who will likely be the slowpoke and hold every-body back. 
Well, States were like that in 1965. A 
lot of States wouldn’t sign on to Med-icaid. By 1972, 7 years later, 49 States had embraced Medicaid, but the 50th State, Arizona, didn’t embrace Med-icaid until 1982. It took them 17 years to embrace Medicaid. Arizona was the original Medicaid slowpoke. So Med-icaid is now 50 years old. It was con-troversial at first, increasingly accept-ed, and later embraced. It kind of sounds familiar to me. 
The biggest change in the health care 
system since the signing of Medicaid and Medicare was the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act has so many benefits, such as protecting peo-ple with preexisting conditions, rebat-ing premiums back to folks if they have to overpay their health insurers, making sure women don’t have to pay different premiums than men, and there are so many other benefits. But the biggest benefit of the Affordable Care Act is that in the United States right now there are 16 million people with health insurance coverage who didn’t have it before and are now able to walk around, go to work, and be with their families because of the ex-pansion of Medicaid. Sixteen million is a very big number. I will put that in perspective. There are 16 million people who didn’t have health insurance be-fore and now have health insurance coverage because of the ACA. Sixteen million is the combined population of Alaska, Delaware, the District of Co-lumbia, Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, Mon-tana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont, West Vir-ginia, and Wyoming. The combined population of 15 States, plus the Dis-trict of Columbia, has health care cov-erage because of the Affordable Care Act. But there is more to do. 
One piece of the ACA is the ability of 
States to expand Medicaid to cover those who make up to $16,000 a year. It is optional, just as Medicaid was in 1965. Thirty-one States have embraced the Medicaid expansion, but as of today, we have 19 slowpokes, and I am sad to say that Virginia is one of the 
slowpokes. Despite the best efforts of our current Governor, working so hard to try to get the State to accept Med-icaid expansion, so far the legislature has blocked him from doing so. 
This is just like 1965, 50 years ago. 
There are States that get it and em-brace the program, and then there are the slowpoke States. 
I am here today not just to say happy 
birthday to Medicaid and Medicare, but to urge Virginia and the other slow-pokes to get with the program. Here is what it would mean in Virginia: If Vir-ginia accepts the Medicaid expansion, it will open up the possibility of health care coverage to another 400,000 people. It would provide health care, financial security, independence for those with disabilities, and peace of mind even when you are well. If all 19 slowpoke States get on board, an additional 4 million Americans would get health in-surance, which would take the ACA coverage number up to 20. Those are all the States I mentioned earlier, plus the State of Nevada—16 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
Now, you shouldn’t be consigned to 
second-class health status in this coun-try because you live in one of the 19 slowpoke States, especially since your taxpayers are paying taxes to provide you coverage. 
Senator B
ROWN and I have authored a 
letter, which has been signed by many in this body, to the 19 slowpoke States. We asked them to join the program during Medicaid’s 50th year. The pro-gram has an amazing legacy and a bright future. Don’t be a slowpoke. 
Remember how I said that Arizona 
was the original slowpoke? It was the last State—17 years later—to embrace Medicaid in 1982. Well, they may have been the original slowpoke, but when it came to the ACA, they learned some-thing. Arizona—with a Republican Governor, two Republican Senators, a Republican State legislature, an over-whelmingly Republican congressional delegation, and votes for Republican candidates in Presidential elections—is not a slowpoke. Arizona has embraced the ACA. They are now a jackrabbit. Good for them. I hope Virginia joins them soon. I hope that all remaining 19 States join them soon, and I hope that 4 million more Americans can have health insurance coverage with the health, financial security, and peace of mind that that will provide. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTION ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to talk about the Drinking Water Pro-tection Act. This is commonsense, bi-partisan legislation. Nobody opposes it on the merits, and it is urgent we get it done for my home State of Ohio and States all around the country. 
What could be more important than 
having access to clean drinking water? There are a lot of pollutants in the water that contribute to not having 
clean drinking water. Of particular concern to us right now in Ohio are the toxins in the harmful algal blooms. This is blue-green algae that appears in both fresh water and saltwater. In the case of drinking water, unfortunately, it is finding its way into more and more fresh water bodies that provide drinking water. 
This is something that is a big con-
cern, not just for drinking water, but it can also cause illness or death in hu-mans, pets, wildlife, and it is doing so, unfortunately, in my State of Ohio and around the country. If not confronted, these toxins will continue to contami-nate our lakes and other fresh water bodies. Unfortunately, in Ohio we are all too familiar with this. 
About a year ago, last summer, To-
ledo had to actually shut down the use of their water supply. They had to tell people there was a ban on drinking water. It was a big deal. Up to 500,000 people were affected. I was actually back home in Ohio because this hap-pened over a weekend, and I filled up my pickup truck with bottled water and made a beeline for Toledo because people were desperate. I was able to pass out bottled water and also work with the local officials to try to get the testing done by EPA and to be sure that we could clean up the water sup-ply. 
It took a while, and you can imagine 
the impact on Toledo and the impact on so many other people now all over the northern part of Ohio who depend on Lake Erie for their water supply be-cause they are wondering—again, this year we have a heavy toxic algal bloom forming. What is going to happen to their water supply? 
Unfortunately, it not just Cleveland, 
Toledo, and cities along the lake. Celina, OH, which is further south but gets its water from Grand Lakes St. Marys, which is another fresh water lake. It is actually a reservoir and the water supply for Celina, among other things. Celina has spent over $400,000 annually just to combat the algae in Grand Lakes St. Marys. 
Columbus was forced to spend over 
$700,000 to mitigate an algae outbreak at the Hoover Reservoir in 2013. Buck-eye Lake in Ohio has also been affected by this. Again, it is not just Ohio; it is happening, unfortunately, around the country. 
These harmful algal blooms continue 
to put public safety and health at risk. We have to keep our fresh water re-sources safe so our drinking water isn’t threatened, and natural habitats and echo systems are protected. 
By the way, this isn’t just about 
drinking water either. Our waterways are important economic engines as well. Lake Erie, as an example, brought in $1.8 billion in business ac-tivity last year just through the fish-ing industry, and $226 million in taxes in 2013 alone. Tourism around the lake now supports one in four private sector jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.065 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6176 July 30, 2015 
I was at Lake Erie last weekend, and 
I had the chance to go out on Lake Erie. I was out there with Captain Dave Spangler. This is Dave Spangler. Dave was the charter boat Captain of the Year in 2014, and the reason he be-came the charter boat Captain of the Year is not only because he is a great fishermen and knows how to find the fish, but he is a good steward of Lake Erie. He gets out there, along with other charter boat captains, and they actually monitor the quality of the water, including taking samples. 
This is one of the samples that he 
took. This is what I saw when I was on Lake Erie. If you look at it, you can see that it is a jar. I was told I couldn’t bring it on the floor today because I brought it back to DC with me from Ohio, but I wanted to have a photo-graph of it. 
This is what it looks like. This is the 
blue-green algae that are in that water. This is the stuff that is cutting off the oxygen supply for the fish, creating toxins so you can’t swim in it, and it is also contaminating the drinking water if you get too much of it, as we did last year. We are fearful that it might hap-pen again this year because it is an-other bad year. The weather patterns were all wrong. There was a lot of rain early on; therefore, a lot of runoff, and now a lot of heat and stillness on the lake which creates the algal bloom. This is a real problem for us right now, and it is a real concern to the people I represent in Ohio but also to places all over the country that are dealing with this issue. 
After we were out on Lake Erie, we 
hosted a townhall meeting where peo-ple came in from the area. This in-cluded not only fishing boat captains, but also small business owners, marina owners. It included people who are liv-ing along the lake, residents who are very concerned about the future of the lake. We had a bunch of experts there. We talked about the algal blooms and how to deal with it. It all came back to the fact that we have to take action at the local, State, and Federal levels. 
We have passed legislation on this. 
We passed it last year. It has been help-ful at the Federal level. We have come up with a new bill that will help to deal with this issue by forcing the Federal departments and agencies to work bet-ter together to come up with a report on how to better monitor what is hap-pening, how to ensure that we have a strategic plan that actually identifies the human health risks from contami-nated algal toxins and recommends feasible treatment options, including procedures on how to prevent algal tox-ins from reaching these local supplies in the first place, and of course to miti-gate adverse public effects of algal tox-ins. 
This is an appropriate role for the 
EPA. It is an appropriate role for NOAA, by the way, to do the moni-toring because they have satellites that can help us to monitor what is happening on Lake Erie and other fresh water supplies for drinking water 
around the country. 
This is a critical piece of legislation. 
It was introduced in the House by Con-gressman B
OBLATTA . It was supported 
on a bipartisan basis in the U.S. House. They have already passed it in the House of Representatives. They passed it in February. It passed by an over-whelming vote of 375 to 37. 
It then came over here to the Senate 
where S
HERROD BROWN , my colleague 
from Ohio, and I had drafted legislation on this. I commend Senator B
ROWN , 
who was just down here on the floor. We were just talking about this legisla-tion. We put it into the process here to begin getting it cleared by Democrats and Republicans back in March. So for 4 and 
1⁄2months, we have been trying to 
clear this legislation. 
This week, I learned that the legisla-
tion is cleared, that nobody has sub-stantive concerns with it, and we can finally move forward with it, and none too soon. We need this help, and we need it now. The people who live along the lake and get their drinking water from these reservoirs and other lakes I talked about are worried, and for some very good reasons. By the way, they are closing down beaches in my area because of this. There are pets and peo-ple who are seeing negative health ef-fects from it. 
We need to get the EPA more en-
gaged and involved. We have a bipar-tisan way to do that. Again, it passed the House by an overwhelming 375 to 37 vote. 
I am hopeful we can get this legisla-
tion passed tonight by a voice vote. We need to do everything we can to bring the Federal resources together, along with State and local governments and local conservation groups to combat this threat. 
This is something, again, that is a 
no-brainer, as they say. It is one that everybody supports. It is one that is an urgent matter for us in Ohio. It is a matter that is of great concern to us right now. We need to get it moving, and it is one where we have bipartisan and bicameral support. 
If we act tonight to clear this legisla-
tion and get it done, it will go to the President’s desk for signature. And, of course, the President will sign it. Why? Because it is good, commonsense, bi-partisan legislation that engages the EPA in an appropriate role to ensure that we can deal with these harmful algal blooms before they cause more damage and before we have another huge drinking crisis, just as we had last summer, in Toledo, OH. 
So tonight I am going to ask my col-
leagues to pass this legislation. I am going to ask that there be a voice vote on it. I hope that this will go smoothly 
and that we can get this done. 
Again, for 4
1⁄2months we have had 
this out there. Everybody has had a chance to look at it. There are no sub-stantive concerns with it. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 212 
So at this time I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate now proceed to this legislation, which is H.R. 212, 
which is at the desk; that the bill be read a third time; and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, with 
great respect for my colleague from Or-egon, I object. But I object because there is an additional bipartisan pro-posal that is out there and another unanimous consent request where this bill is paired with another bill. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 212 AND  
S.1523 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
EPW Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 212, a bill to provide for the assessment and man-agement of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and S. 1523, a bill to re-authorize the National Estuary Pro-gram; further, that the Senate proceed to their immediate consideration en bloc; that the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bills and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard to the request of the Sen-ator from Ohio. 
Is there objection to the request of 
the Senator from New Mexico? 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, I don’t know what the Senator from New Mex-ico is talking about, to be honest. He is my friend and colleague. I will say that I am from Ohio, not Oregon. 
We just talked about the importance 
of this bill to Ohio. It is also important to Oregon and to the Senator’s State of New Mexico and to other States around this country. There is no paired bill with this. I am talking about a bill that has been around here for 4
1⁄2 
months. It has been cleared. There are no substantive concerns. My under-standing is that the Senator from New Mexico is talking about a bill that is still in committee. It has not even come out of committee. It is not a 
House bill. In other words, it hasn’t been passed in the House. It is not going to go to the President’s desk for his signature. 
I would be shocked if my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle say they are going to block this commonsense, bipartisan bill that Senator S
HERROD  
BROWN and I have worked steadfastly 
on with both sides of the Capitol to get this done tonight on an urgent basis because we have to get it done. Ours has been out here for 4
1⁄2months; we 
didn’t hear about yours until 45 min-utes ago—45 minutes versus 4
1⁄2 
months. 
If the Senator from New Mexico 
wants to block this for other reasons, he ought to say so. But if he is block-ing it because there is a pairing—there is no pairing. Maybe he is trying to pair it with something in committee. 
But let’s get this done. This is not a 
difficult issue. This is one where we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.066 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6177 July 30, 2015 
have total agreement. There is no sub-
stantive concern. I would urge my col-league to allow us to get this done to-night, and then I am happy—happy—to work on this other bill, whatever it is— of course, we don’t know because I just heard about it 45 minutes ago. In fact, I just directed the staff, because I just heard about it when I came here, to go ahead and run the hotline on the other bill. So we have already done that, and we will see what comes back. I know what is going to come back, which is people are going to say, probably on both sides of the aisle, we haven’t had a chance to look at this. It hasn’t been out for 4
1⁄2months; it has been out here 
for a couple of minutes. It was just a couple of minutes ago that we heard about it. 
So I can’t believe we are going to 
block this tonight in order to say we have to move something that is in committee, has not been passed by the House, will not go to the President for his signature, and has not been through any process, as this has been. 
I urge my colleague and my friend to 
withdraw his objection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection from the Senator from Ohio? 
Mr. PORTMAN. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, just to 
clarify, the bill that it is being paired with is S. 1523. It is a bipartisan bill in the same committee. The proposal to pair them has come from the com-mittee chairman, Chairman I
NHOFE . So 
that is the reason for the pairing. They are both sitting in the EPW Com-mittee. The chairman believes this is the way to proceed. 
That is the state of play as it is right 
now. I would say that with all due re-spect to my colleague from Ohio. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I find 
it very strange that Senator I
NHOFE  
has somehow objected since he has signed off on this. It has been totally cleared. This has been cleared to have a voice vote and to have it done to-night. There is no objection from Sen-ator I
NHOFE . He has cleared it. So I 
would check the Senator’s sources on that. 
I would just say I am really dis-
appointed that this legislation that makes so much sense, that is needed right now in my home State of Ohio, is being blocked, and I don’t know why it is being blocked. I assume there are some reasons that aren’t being dis-cussed tonight. This is very dis-appointing to me. 
We are going to try this again on 
Monday. We are going to try it again on Tuesday. We are going to try it again on Wednesday. I would urge my colleagues on that side of the aisle to please allow us to get this done. Allow us to provide some relief right now. 
If my colleague was up there with me 
in Lake Erie talking with these peo-ple—talking to the folks who had to go 
through this water crisis last summer; who are worried about what is going to happen this summer; who are being told they can’t use the beaches; the fishing captains are worried about their businesses; the small businesses; the marinas; the folks who are not al-lowing their pets to walk along the lakes and drink the water—I think he would feel differently about it. 
Let’s get this done. This is not an ex-
ample of something that should require some sort of partisan exercise. Let’s do this in a nonpartisan way. Senator S
HERROD BROWN and I have been work-
ing on this for 41⁄2months. I am dis-
appointed we can’t move it tonight— very disappointed—but I am very hope-ful we can move it on Monday or Tues-day. We are going to keep trying, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for as much time as I may consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today we 
are considering a diplomatic agree-ment about the future of a nuclear- armed Iran. Most of us in this body have strong opinions about that agree-ment. Some believe it will weaken our position. I believe the opposite, and I have come to the floor to express my support. 
Republican and Democratic Presi-
dents have all at times used the tools of diplomacy. Those efforts made us stronger and in some cases brought us back from the brink of nuclear dis-aster. President Reagan negotiated dis-armament with the Soviet Union. President Nixon reengaged with China. President Kennedy used diplomacy— not war—to resolve the Cuban Missile Crisis. These were heroic initiatives. In each case, they were attacked for weakness, and in each case they made us safer. 
I begin my remarks with the power of 
diplomacy because I want to echo points Senator D
URBIN made so well 
last week. I urge my colleagues to re-view his remarks, to better understand the history and importance of diplo-macy in our country. None of the his-torical deals we reference was perfect. All were fiercely attacked. But they made the world a safer place. They moved us forward. And this agreement will also move us forward. 
When it comes to our relationship 
with Iran, there is much we need to do, but there is one thing we must do: Stop Iran from building a nuclear weapon, period. That is our priority. That is our goal. And that is what we all agree on. 
The sanctions did what they were in-
tended to do—they brought Iran to the table and enabled our diplomats to ef-fectively stop Iran’s nuclear weapons program. The results are clear: mul-tiple centrifuges—ready to be discon-nected; uranium levels—insufficient for a nuclear weapon or a quick breakout; 
and no access to plutonium. 
This is a historic moment. This 
agreement has profound impact if we approve it and, make no mistake, if we fail to approve it, because let’s be clear on one reality: This is a multilateral agreement. It was confirmed by the U.N. Security Council just last week. The sanctions regime cannot be sus-tained by U.S. action alone. 
This is a time for careful review, and 
I hope we can take a step back and take a clear view. In this debate, we need to consider three basic points of the agreement: No. 1, what it does; No. 2, what it does not do; and No. 3, what it will require of us in the future. I wish to start by talking about what this agreement does. 
To build a nuclear weapon, we need 
either weapons-grade uranium or plu-tonium, and we need infrastructure. Those are the pathways, and this agreement will block them all. 
Before the negotiations began, Iran 
was well on its way to enough uranium, enriched to nearly 20 percent, for breakout to weapons grade—possibly within 2 to 3 months. With this agree-ment, the breakout time would in-crease to 1 year, giving the United States and the international commu-nity more than enough time to re-spond. Under this deal, Iran’s uranium stockpile is cut by 98 percent. I will re-peat. This is a surprising development. Under this deal, Iran’s uranium stock-pile is cut by 98 percent. Enrichment is limited to 3.67 percent for 15 years. Centrifuges are reduced by two-thirds. Enrichment capability at the Fordow facility will also be limited and closely watched. The International Atomic En-ergy Agency will be able to verify that Iran is abiding by its uranium limits by monitoring every stage of the nu-clear supply chain. Plutonium will be blocked. The reactor core at Arak is a heavy water reactor and can produce plutonium. The core will be removed. Its openings will be filled with concrete in a way that the IAEA can verify— those international inspectors can verify—so it will not be used for pluto-nium application. 
Critics rightly ask: How will we be 
sure? Iran has cheated before, and they may cheat again. That is why the P5+1 will be closely involved in the redesign and rebuilding of this reactor. If it has plutonium, we will know it. A modern-ized reactor will not use heavy water and will be limited to 3.67 percent en-riched uranium. A violation at Arak would be nearly impossible to hide. 
It doesn’t stop there. Iran will have 
to abide by and ratify the additional protocol of the nonproliferation treaty before the deal is finalized. Contrary to detractors, this is not an 8-year or 10- year or 15-year deal but a deal that lasts. 
We all agree on one thing: Verifica-
tion is key. I don’t think any of us have any illusions here. Iran has had a long and troubling history of decep-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.067 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6178 July 30, 2015 
I am pleased the administration in-
cluded Secretary of Energy Moniz in these discussions. The Department of Energy is one of the world’s foremost experts on nuclear energy and nuclear weapons. Any agreement on nuclear weapons must be guided by science— not politics, not speculation, science. Our scientists at New Mexico’s two Na-tional Labs, Los Alamos and Sandia, and scientists at Lawrence Livermore and Oak Ridge National Laboratories— all have played a key role in these ne-gotiations. 
The physics of nuclear weapons is 
complex. You can’t make a bomb out of thin air. I have met with our scientists. I have listened to the experts at the Department of Energy. Iran may be able to break the rules of the deal, but it can’t break the rules of physics. Nu-clear materials give off telltale signa-tures. The radioactive decay of ura-nium and plutonium is detectable even in the event of delayed access. Ura-nium in nature has a half-life of 4.5 bil-lion years. Enriched uranium 235, which can be used in a weapon, has a half-life of 700 million years. In effect, you can delay, but you still can’t hide. 
Verification will be strong, and that 
means continuous monitoring, it means tamper-proof electronic seals, and it means dedicated facilities to in-spect the Iranian nuclear program. It will include up to 150 inspectors with long-term visas. We will have the best inspectors in the world in Iran. They will have unprecedented access 24/7 to all declared sites. I would add that they are all trained by nuclear experts at our National Laboratories. I may not trust Iran, but I do trust the science and our National Laboratories. 
This is a serious debate and one of 
the greatest challenges of our time. This agreement will meet that chal-lenge ongoing and for years to come. But let’s not kid ourselves. There are other challenges. There are continued dangers posed by the Iranian regime. We all know this. That is why sanc-tions against Iran’s support for ter-rorist groups will remain and we will stand by our allies in the region. The President has made this very clear. 
This agreement will take the nuclear 
threat off the table. That is what it will do, but here is what it will not do: It will not diminish our resolve to com-bat other threats or to defend our al-lies in the region. That resolve will be and must be stronger than ever. 
To my colleagues who argue that we 
should walk away from the agreement which has already been approved by the world’s leading powers, I would ask, walk away to where, to what end, to what alternative? Has an alternative been proposed? 
I would make two proposals: First, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this agreement. We have a choice between this deal or no deal. I do not believe we will get another chance. 
Second, I ask that we be open to 
ways that Congress can reinforce the agreement—and that should be part of this process, too—with investment in 
people and technology to support non-proliferation enforcement with strong oversight of the implementation plan— not to embarrass or score political points but to ensure Iran is abiding by its part of the deal—and with increased support for our allies in the region and with a clear provision for a quick snap-back of existing sanctions should that be necessary. 
We have a strategic opportunity, just 
as Presidents Kennedy, Nixon, and Reagan did with adversaries in the past. We need to act now from a posi-tion of strength and not wait until an-other day when the danger may be greater and our options may be more limited. 
I began my remarks with a reference 
to history. I would conclude with one other, closer in time and devastating in consequence, and that is Iraq. Instead of exhausting our diplomatic options, we opted for war. Instead of measured resistance, we opted for regime change. The result was and is tragic. 
Diplomacy takes time. It is often im-
perfect. But there are times when it is our best option and our best course, and this is one of those times. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor to my 
colleague from Michigan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, at a 
time when we have so many urgent issues on our national agenda—our economy, jobs, all the issues we need to address, such as making sure every American has a fair shot to get ahead after college, has retirement security, and all of the other issues we know Americans care about—unfortunately, we are revisiting a very old debate that doesn’t seem to want to go away, and that is whether we will provide funding for preventive health care for women, specifically for family planning clinics that provide essential primary health care services for women and men for things such as wellness visits, mammo-grams, and breast cancer screenings. 
In 2013, Planned Parenthood per-
formed 500,000 breast exams, including 15,000 for women in Michigan. Planned Parenthood provides screenings for cancer, heart disease, and HIV. In 2013, 400,000 Pap tests and 4.5 million STI tests and treatments were conducted. Women go to Planned Parenthood for cervical cancer screenings, for life-and- death cancer screenings, for vaccines, and for blood pressure checks. 
In States where Republican Gov-
ernors have refused to use the funding that is available to expand Medicaid health care under the Affordable Care Act, Planned Parenthood provides serv-ices critical to low-income Americans. 
In 2013, more than half the people 
seeking health services at Planned Par-enthood clinics were covered by Med-icaid. Nearly 80 percent of these men and women have incomes at or below the poverty level. We are talking about all across the country, many places where there is no other access to health care, no other place to get a 
mammogram or a breast cancer screen-ing, where these services that are lit-erally life-and-death are being pro-vided. 
So when we talk about Planned Par-
enthood, we are talking about the full spectrum of women’s health care, in-cluding contraception and family plan-ning services that serve both women and men. One out of five women has been to a Planned Parenthood clinic at some point in her life. In 2013, 2.7 mil-lion women, men, young people, relied on Planned Parenthood for preventive care, and about 70,000 of those were in my State of Michigan. 
In my State, 40 percent of the 
Planned Parenthood health clinics are located in areas we call medically un-derserved. There isn’t access to other kinds of clinics or health care. There may not be a hospital nearby or there may not be many doctors nearby. We are talking about basic health care. 
Unfortunately, we see politics played 
with women’s preventive health care and family planning over and over again in attacks on Planned Parent-hood. As I see it, this is really an at-tack on every woman who needs pre-ventive health care services. 
This is what this is about. Instead of 
focusing on jobs and closing loopholes that are causing our manufacturing jobs to go overseas; instead of making sure we are focussed on equal pay for equal work or a standard of living that will allow everyone to be successful and economically independent and care for their families; instead of focusing on robustly moving forward as a coun-try in a global economy; instead of fo-cusing on that or continuing to focus on making sure people have access to college without getting out of college with so much debt that they can’t buy a house because they can’t qualify be-cause they already have so much debt, it is as if they have a mortgage—in-stead of focusing on all of that, one more time we are seeing an attack on Planned Parenthood and women’s pre-ventive health care. 
Fortunately, the vast majority of the 
American people recognize the value of having health clinics like Planned Par-enthood that are dedicated to serving women’s health care needs in every community across the country. That is why a poll shows that 64 percent of vot-ers oppose the move by congressional Republicans to defund Planned Parent-hood and therefore preventive health care services such as mammograms, cancer screenings, blood pressure checks, and access to birth control. Un-fortunately, what is the majority view of the public is not what we see de-bated in the House and in the Senate. 
We have come a long way in actually 
strengthening our health care system, making sure that women and men, older people and younger people, can get preventive health care services, an-nual wellness visits without having to pay a copay. We have seen a lot of strengthening of access to health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.068 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6179 July 30, 2015 
for women through the Affordable Care 
Act. 
Finally, actually being a woman isn’t 
viewed as a preexisting condition any-more. In too many cases, that had been the situation. Women in childbearing years had to pay higher rates, or some-one who survived breast cancer or cer-vical cancer or some other kind of challenge in their life. Under the Af-fordable Care Act, we are finally able to say: No, you don’t carry that with you as a preexisting condition for the rest of your life. That is a good thing. A lot of women are sleeping better at night as a result of that. 
When it comes to basic preventive 
health care, access to birth control, ac-cess to screenings, and so on, it seems that somehow we have to speak out over and over again to defend these basic health care services. One more time we are headed for a big debate, a big fight on the budget. We are hearing people say they won’t allow the United States of America to have a budget for next year unless we defund Planned Parenthood and health care access for millions of women in this country. It doesn’t speak well for what the prior-ities are of Congress. 
I challenge colleagues across the 
aisle to join with Democrats, to join with the majority of the American peo-ple, who support the ability of women to get a full range of health care serv-ices through clinics—where they don’t have any other kind of access—through Planned Parenthood and other commu-nity clinics that allow them to get the basic health services they need. Women should not be treated as second-class citizens. We have come too far, as we look at the Affordable Care Act and health care access, and it will be in-credibly disappointing, disheartening, and maddening, frankly, if we end up in a fight one more time. I have seen it before, and I have had to participate in holding back efforts to say we are not going to fund anything unless we defund women’s preventive health care. It is wrong, and this Senator can state as one woman—as well as all of the Democratic women and men who are here—that we don’t intend to allow that to happen. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak against the bill to defund Planned Parenthood. I see this bill and others like it as nothing less than an assault on women’s health. What else can you call it when defunding Planned Parenthood will re-sult in 2.7 women in this country—that is more than twice the population of the State of Hawaii—not getting the cervical cancer screenings, mammo-grams, treatment for sexually trans-mitted diseases, and other health care 
they need. 
For over 100 years Planned Parent-
hood has been a leader in improving the health and well-being of women throughout the United States. For many women, especially low-in-
come women, survivors of domestic and sexual assault, young women, and oth-ers, Planned Parenthood health centers are their primary health care provider that they go to for lifesaving cancer screenings, birth control, disease test-ing, and other essential health care services. 
One out of five women in this coun-
try will pass through a Planned Par-enthood health center for health serv-ices at some point in her life. These numbers matter. One out of five women in this country will go to a Planned Parenthood center, and here we are de-bating whether or not to close these centers. I find it astounding that some—especially on the other side of 
the aisle—think this is a good idea. Six out of ten women who access family planning services rely on Planned Par-enthood as their primary point of care. 
In the State of Hawaii, my State, 
over 7,000 women annually have relied on Planned Parenthood for their basic health services—services that help in-dividuals maintain their health so they can live full, productive lives. 
This latest attack—basically 
fearmongering by the fringes of some on the other side—against Planned Parenthood is unwarranted and unnec-essary. This Senator considers it mean- spirited, on top of that. Defunding one 
of the largest health providers to women shows how far some of my Re-publican colleagues will go to restrict women’s access to basic health care. As previously noted, this latest attack on women’s access to care will impact nearly 2.7 million women across the country who benefit from Planned Par-enthood’s services. Some 2.7 million women—that, again, is nearly double the entire population of the State of Hawaii. Lots of women are going to be impacted by this drive to defund Planned Parenthood. 
These 2.7 million Americans do not 
deserve to have their access to health care terminated just so politicians can score political talking points. If these women can’t go to Planned Parent-hood, where will they go? Women who rely on Planned Parenthood for essen-tial health care services will be forced to find medical care elsewhere or, trag-ically, go without. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood 
means there will be 400,000 fewer cer-vical screenings. There will be 500,000 fewer breast exams. There will be 4.5 million fewer tests and treatments for sexually transmitted disease like HIV. 
In Indiana, when the State defunded 
Planned Parenthood, several clinics closed. The clinic in Scott County was the only testing facility for STDs. Scott County today is in the middle of an HIV outbreak, and the State had to open a popup clinic to offer such serv-ices. Defunding led to residents in Scott County being unable to get serv-ices due to partisan statesmanship. We do not want these results replicated throughout the United States. 
On behalf of the thousands of women 
in Hawaii and millions across the coun-try who rely on Planned Parenthood 
for health care services, I oppose this politically motivated attack that will set women’s health care back. I will stand vigilant against those attempts to defund Planned Parenthood and will continue to defend the good work this organization does for women across this country every single day. 
Planned Parenthood has long been on 
the ideological hit list of those who want to block abortion. That is the re-ality. That is being honest. So, today, we are talking about defunding Planned Parenthood as a way to get to that goal of stopping abortions, and to-morrow we will be talking about some other way to limit a woman’s right to choose. This bill is dangerous to wom-en’s health. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this bill and any like it that come our way. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, later 
this week we are going to have our first Republican Presidential debate, the official one that is on TV, and a lot of people are going to be watching. There has been a lot of speculation as to who is going to be in the debate, who is not going to be in the debate, who will do well, who will not, who will rise in the polls, and who will fall in the polls. 
Frankly, we don’t need to wait for 
that debate because the Republican Presidential primary campaign is play-ing out right now on the floor of the Senate, I think, to the detriment of the institution. How else would you ex-plain a threat from Members of this body and frankly from Members of the House—many of whom are not running for President—to shut down the gov-ernment over the issue of funding for Planned Parenthood. We have been through this before. We have been through government shutdowns prompted by ideological politics before, and a lot of people got hurt—a lot of people got hurt. 
The life of a woman in Bridgeport, 
CT, was torn apart because her Head Start Program was shut down because of the Federal Government shutdown. She was just beginning a new job, and she had to make a new choice between continuing in this new place of employ-ment that was going to lift her out of poverty, essentially sending her kids out on the street while they didn’t have care, or leaving the job and tak-ing care of her kids while Head Start was shut down. Those are the con-sequences of a government shutdown. 
So if you are going to shut down the 
government, your reason for doing it better be pretty good. The reason a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.070 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6180 July 30, 2015 
couple of years ago was a miserable 
one—taking health care away from millions of Americans who are getting it because of the Affordable Care Act. 
But this one is just as insidious. I 
don’t know where women in my State would be without Planned Parenthood. My wife is one of tens of thousands— probably hundreds of thousands—of Connecticut women who got their pre-ventative care from Planned Parent-hood. She did that when she was young, didn’t have a lot of income, and needed to find a primary care provider who could get her access to basic health care services. There are 2.7 million pa-tients all across the country who re-ceive their health care, their preventa-tive health care, from Planned Parent-hood. More than 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does all across the country is engage in preventive health care. 
In 2013, 400,000 Pap tests, 500,000 
breast exams, 4.5 million STI tests and treatments, including HIV tests. In Connecticut, there are 17 Planned Par-enthood centers and they serve—here is the number—64,000 patients in the State of Connecticut. 
So we are going to shut down the 
government in order to take health care away from 64,000 women in Con-necticut, all in order for a handful of people to make an ideological point that may get some additional votes within a Republican Presidential pri-mary, despite the fact that since the 1980s the law in this country has been clear: You can’t use Federal dollars for abortions. 
I oppose that law because I believe 
abortions are part of a panoply of med-ical services that should be available to people in this country at their choice. Frankly, I think the govern-ment should stay out of the business of deciding what medically necessary health care choices women can make. I don’t think we should be involved in that. So I don’t actually support the underlying law that prevents those dol-lars from being used, but it is the law of the land, it has been the law of the land, and it will be the law of the land. 
We are saying we are going to shut 
down access to 64,000 women in Con-necticut because the place they are getting health care also performs a health care service that is objection-able to people who are running for President, but let us take that logic to its natural extrapolation. Let’s take it to its logical end point. If you believe no one should be eligible to get health care services from any institution that has anything to do with abortions or the full array of reproductive health care services, then you can’t actually stop at Planned Parenthood. You have to stop funding any hospital that has anything to do with offering a full array of health care services. You have to stop funding for health care centers that do the same. 
Why wouldn’t you stop sending Med-
icaid dollars to States such as Con-necticut that have codified Roe v. Wade? What is the logical end to this 
policy if all of a sudden an organization that spends 90-plus percent of its re-sources simply engaging in the good stuff of preventive health care now all of a sudden can’t serve anybody be-cause they engage in a service that is a politically hot topic in Congress, de-spite the fact that there is a law on the books that says they can’t use any of their Federal dollars for that par-ticular service. 
Take this to its logical end, and we 
cut off Federal funding for not 64,000 patients in Connecticut but virtually every patient in Connecticut if any as-sociation with the provision of abor-tions all of a sudden denies you Federal funding. I don’t concede the fact that the Hyde amendment is the law of the land, but I acknowledge that it is and it will be. 
This is just Presidential Republican 
primary politics finding its way onto the Senate floor. What this could lead to is not the defunding of Planned Par-enthood, because they will not get the votes nor the Presidential signature to defund one of the most important pri-mary and preventive health care pro-viders in our States—I will not do that. I will not deny health care to 64,000 Connecticut women. So all they do by creating this line in the sand, once again, is shut down the Federal Gov-ernment, sucking thousands of jobs out of our economy, leading to tens of thousands of stories of individual mis-ery, such as the woman from Bridge-port who all of a sudden awoke to find her kid couldn’t go to his Head Start Program and so she had to think about quitting her new job in order to take care of her child. 
I get it that threats about shutdowns 
make good headlines. They play to a slice of a Presidential primary elec-torate, but they are big headaches for real people. We are not playing with politics when we talk about shutting down the government over defunding Planned Parenthood or over repealing the Affordable Care Act. We are play-ing with people’s lives. 
So I hope this is just the issue of the 
week in the Republican Presidential primary. I hope when we come back in September we are not seriously talking about another government shutdown. I hope we seriously are not talking about an attack on women’s health care all across this country. I hope we are not entertaining the idea that tens of thousands of women in my State are all of a sudden going to lose access to services or tens of thousands of women and men are going to lose access to programs such as Head Start, job train-ing, and all the other things that get affected when the government shuts down. 
I am sick of shutdowns. I have only 
been in the Congress for less than a decade, and I have been through more of them, real and threatened, than I care to remember. I am certainly not going to stand for a shutdown threat-ened on the basis of denying health care to women in the State of Con-
necticut or anywhere else across this country. 
I hope we can spend some time after 
this vote next week—that even my Re-publican friends in the Republican Presidential primary will admit is a showboat—and get down to the real business of passing a budget that re-spects the values and priorities of this country, that keeps our government operational, and separates, to the best we can, the business we do on the Sen-ate floor from the business of sorting out who is going to be the next Repub-lican nominee for President. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
DUCHESNE COUNTY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today, I 
pay tribute to Duchesne County—a re-markable Utah county that is cele-brating its 100th birthday. 
Located in northeastern Utah, 
Duchesne County is rich with natural resources and home to some of the State’s most majestic scenery. Thou-sands flock to the region each year to fish its streams, which include the Strawberry, Duchesne, Lake Fork, and Yellowstone Rivers. Even more enjoy its mountains, including Utah’s high-est, King’s Peak, which is 13,528 feet above sea level. Its vistas are breath-taking and its valleys are serene and beautiful. 
The county has a meaningful history 
that traces its roots to Native Amer-ican culture. In fact, much of present- day Duchesne County was originally part of the Uintah and Ouray Indian Reservations. In the early 1900s, other settlers began arriving in the region after Congress passed the Dawes Act. To farm and make improvements to the land, the government offered these individuals 160 acres under the Home-stead Act. Today, approximately 18,000 Utahns live in Duchesne County and contribute to its quality of life. 
Livestock and farming along with oil 
and natural gas resources continue to drive the local economy. Just like its early pioneers, Duchesne County’s citi-zens work hard not only to support their families, but also to make their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.074 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6181 July 30, 2015 
communities and our State a wonderful 
place to live. 
Duchesne County captures the best of 
small town America. Its towns are charming and its people are dedicated and patriotic. I have always enjoyed visiting the many wonderful towns in Duchesne County and getting to know its citizens. 
Again, I wish to congratulate 
Duchesne County on the marking of its centennial. This is a noteworthy time indeed, and I want to wish the many Utahns who call this place home many more years of happiness living and working in this beautiful county. 
f 
REMEMBERING ERMA ARVILLA 
RUPP FRITCHEN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the life of Erma Arvilla Rupp Fritchen. Ms. Fritchen devoted her life to justice, notably as a Free-dom Rider in the summer of 1963. 
Ms. Fritchen was born and raised in 
Reno, NV. She strove to be the first in her family to graduate from high school, but nothing was handed to her. Erma worked to pay the rent and still managed to graduate from Reno High School in 1948. Following high school, she pursued adult education classes in psychology before moving to Fort Benning, GA, as a military wife. When she arrived in Fort Benning, she was shocked by the racial disparities in her new city. 
After moving back to Nevada, Erma 
began attending college while also rais-ing her two children on her own. Edu-cation and family were important to her, but she was never too busy to take a stand for the principles she believed in. When she had the opportunity to make a difference by joining a civil rights caravan headed for Washington, DC, in 1963, she jumped at the oppor-tunity and added her voice to the Free-dom Rider demonstrations that were taking place throughout the country. 
Through her years of fighting for jus-
tice and equality, Ms. Fritchen proved that everyone can do their part if they work and fight hard enough. I appre-ciate her dedication to her five sons and contributions to making our coun-try a better place. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NEVADA PEP 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize Nevada PEP for its more than 20 years of service to children with disabilities and their families. 
Nevada PEP was founded more than 
two decades ago by a handful of fami-lies who wanted for their children what every parent wants for their child: the opportunity to learn, grow, and suc-ceed in all areas of life, regardless of their ability. Since then, this organiza-tion has helped children with disabil-ities by increasing opportunities for home, community, and school success. Although Nevada PEP started as a small organization with meetings around a kitchen table, the organiza-tion has now served more than 17,000 
people throughout the State and has had a positive impact on many more Nevadans through its greater advocacy efforts. 
The ‘‘PEP’’ in the organization’s 
name has a number of meanings, in-cluding, ‘‘Parents Encouraging Par-ents,’’ ‘‘Parents Educating Profes-sionals,’’ and ‘‘Professionals Empow-ering Parents.’’ Nevada PEP truly em-
bodies all of these meanings through the services it provides. The organiza-tion offers support groups, webinars, and other skill-building activities to help the families of children with dis-abilities become effective advocates for their child. Nevada PEP also works to connect families to essential commu-nity resources, including organizations and professionals in the fields of edu-cation, health care, housing, and em-ployment. Additionally, the organiza-tion raises awareness and engages the community through events, such as the ‘‘Baldy Bash,’’ the ‘‘Run, Walk, Roll Against Bullying,’’ and an annual art show. 
I applaud Nevada PEP for their years 
of dedicated service to children with disabilities and their families. Their work is truly appreciated and admired. I also commend Karen Taycher, a par-ent and passionate advocate, as well as founding member and the executive di-rector of Nevada PEP, for her fine lead-ership throughout the past two dec-ades. As Nevada PEP begins the next chapter, I wish them continued success for years to come. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE 
AND MEDICAID 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today we 
celebrate a true milestone in our Na-tion’s history, and we mark this re-minder that basic health insurance is not a privilege for the wealthy, but a right, for every American. On July 30, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Social Security Amendments of 1965 into law, establishing the Medicare and Medicaid programs. For 50 years, these two programs have offered health care and economic security to millions of Americans and their families. 
The debate over the right to basic 
health insurance began in the 1940s with President Harry Truman. At a time when just one in eight seniors had health care and were earning less than $1000 on average annually, President Truman sought to create a safety net to meet the needs of a growing popu-lation. It may be difficult for all of us in the generations of Americans born since that era to fully understand today, but before Medicaid and Medi-care, when private health insurers could still discriminate against indi-viduals based on their health, many seniors were either denied coverage en-tirely or priced out of health insur-ance. And for Americans living in pov-erty, health care was simply out of reach. 
The Social Security Amendments of 
1965 offered a path forward. Today, Medicare and Medicaid cover a com-
bined 110 million Americans, including seniors, persons with disabilities, and low-income Americans and their fami-lies. From cancer screenings to hos-pital coverage, yearly well-visits, flu vaccinations, pediatric dental care and caregiver support, Medicare and Med-icaid provide access to the basic health care services that all Americans de-serve. And what a dramatic and tan-gible difference that has made and con-tinues to make in the lives of millions of people. 
Through the Affordable Care Act, 
Medicare and Medicaid took a step fur-ther. States that expanded Medicaid under the law saved nearly $2 billion in health care costs while extending cov-erage to many, many more Americans. Closing the coverage gap known as the ‘‘donut hole’’ saved seniors on Medi-care $15 billion in health care costs—a savings to seniors of $28 million in my home State of Vermont alone. The Af-fordable Care Act strengthened Medi-care for future generations, extending the trust fund an additional 13 years as a result of savings to the program. 
It is worth remembering as well that 
in the early years of Medicare and Med-icaid, as these programs were estab-lished and went through some growing pains, public opinion at first was ten-tative in supporting these major re-forms. Over time, public support for and appreciation of the benefits of these programs has grown signifi-cantly. We can see some parallels in the way public opinion about the Af-fordable Care Act has continued to grow, as its benefits have become more widespread and more apparent in our daily lives. 
As we celebrate this important anni-
versary, I hope we all will remember how far these programs have come and commit to keeping them strong for fu-ture generations. Strengthening Medi-care and Medicaid is an economic in-vestment in the well-being of our coun-try, and I will fight for these programs for my children and my grandchildren. 
I am proud to celebrate an anniver-
sary marking the Federal Govern-ment’s promise of providing reassur-ance and stability for our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. I look for-ward to celebrating the success of Medicare and Medicaid for generations to come. 
f 
DRIVE ACT 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased by Senate passage today of the DRIVE Act, a long-overdue, multiyear surface transportation bill to authorize and fund our Nation’s highway, bridge, and transit programs. This bill would provide the certainty needed for State and local planning organizations to set transportation priorities and begin long-term investments to modernize our Nation’s aging infrastructure. 
This bill is also a win for the State of 
Arizona. Included in the DRIVE Act are critical measures, sponsored by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.023 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6182 July 30, 2015 
myself and Senator F LAKE , that would 
pave the way for the establishment of the Sonoran Corridor and the future Interstate 11, I–11, ensuring Arizona has the critical infrastructure it needs to develop significant international trade routes for the Western United States. These provisions would des-ignate the Sonoran Corridor as a future interstate to connect I–19 to I–10 south of the Tucson International Airport and extend the future I–11 through the State of Nevada to I–80 and south to-ward Arizona’s southern border. 
As the population in Arizona con-
tinues to grow and innovative busi-nesses increasingly settle in our State, we must ensure that we have the infra-structure in place to foster economic development, international trade and job creation. These two top-priority transportation projects will make Ari-zona a key part of an international trade route that reaches all the way to the southern border. I appreciate Chairman I
NHOFE ’s support of these im-
portant provisions, as well as Senator F
LAKE , Governor Doug Ducey and lead-
ers from across the State of Arizona for their strong partnership in advancing these designations that will connect Arizona businesses and communities to major domestic and international trade partners. 
I am proud of the bipartisan effort 
that went into this bill. It is unfortu-nate that we ultimately had to pass yet another short-term highway exten-sion today to avoid a transportation shutdown across the country. This stop-gap measure should be the last. When we return following the August break, I urge the House to take up and pass this bill and send it to the Presi-dent’s desk for signature. 
f 
REBUILD ACT 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I join 
with my House colleague from Balti-more, Congressman E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , 
to introduce the REBUILD Act. The people who live in our most distressed neighborhoods deserve a government on their side—one that works as hard for them as they work for their own families and communities. This bill is about rehabilitating neighborhoods, making them healthier and safer, and creating jobs today and jobs tomorrow for communities that need it most. By supporting small businesses, rebuilding infrastructure, expanding opportunity for our young people and tackling crime, we will lay the foundation for a brighter future. 
The REBUILD Act is an emergency 
supplemental bill for fiscal year 2015 to help inner-city neighborhoods across the United States. It focuses on four key areas: physical infrastructure, meeting compelling human needs, com-munity safety, and assistance to small business owners. 
This bill provides robust funding for 
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development programs that will re-move blight, rehabilitate aging housing properties, including those with lead 
paint, and fund youth and senior cen-ters. I especially want to highlight the Community Development Block Grant funding to help those communities most impacted by violence and civil unrest this year. That includes my hometown of Baltimore. This bill also extends the moving-to-work contracts through 2028. 
For meeting compelling human 
needs, this bill funds U.S. Department of Labor’s job training and apprentice-ship programs to help dislocated work-ers, veterans and youth make a living wage and learn new job skills. It also funds the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Healthy Start Initiative. This program helps moms and infants get access to primary and preventative health care to reduce in-fant mortality rates. 
In the area of community safety, 
there is significant funding for tar-geted U.S. Department of Justice grant programs. This funding will help re-duce youth violence, tackle crime hot spots controlled by gangs and rampant with gun violence, and reduce meth-amphetamine and heroin trafficking. There is additional funding for drug, mental health and veterans courts to break the cycle of drug use and crimi-nal behavior. 
For our small business owners and 
entrepreneurs, this bill provides loans, grants, training and counseling serv-ices. There also is money to help un-derserved businesses with Federal con-tracting. 
Recent events like the riots in Balti-
more remind us of the unmet needs of our Nation’s inner city neighborhoods. We must do more. This means imme-diately getting to work on a sequel to the landmark Murray-Ryan budget deal to replace sequester. The impact of the status quo and deep cuts to our Federal programs on the mission to lift up these communities is unacceptable. The opportunity of the American Dream should be within every Ameri-can’s reach. 
f 
VETERAN HOUSING STABILITY 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
yesterday, as ranking member of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, I introduced S. 1885, the Veteran Housing Stability Act of 2015. I would like to thank Senators S
ANDERS , 
BROWN , and H IRONO for joining me to 
introduce this bill, and the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans and the National Alliance to End Homeless-ness for their support of this legisla-tion. At a time when the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, has taken on an aggressive initiative to end home-lessness among veterans by the end of 2015, much progress has been made yet there is still more progress needed. 
The VA initiative has led to a 33 per-
cent decrease in the homeless veteran population since 2010. These declining numbers are a reflection of the com-bined efforts of VA and its Federal, 
State, local, tribal, and community partners as they continue aggressive efforts to decrease veteran homeless-ness and implement a system through which veterans who become homeless can be rapidly placed in appropriate housing situations that meet their needs. The statistics are staggering— 49,000 veterans are homeless in Amer-ica today, 1 in 10 of all homeless men and women—a searing failure in the greatest, strongest Nation in the world’s history. It reflects a failure to keep faith that this legislation will help correct. We cannot allow another veteran to slip through the cracks. We 
must give communities the flexibility and tools they need to create housing systems that can maximize existing re-sources collaboratively in order to identify and sustain appropriate hous-ing placements for vulnerable veterans. 
The legislation would reaffirm this 
Nation’s commitment to safe and af-fordable housing for veterans by im-proving and expanding upon VA’s pro-grams to prevent and end homelessness among veterans. VA’s housing pro-grams for homeless and at-risk vet-erans must modernize to ensure that they are meeting the needs of the very veterans they are intended to serve. One of the challenges many identify as causing difficulty is one that main-stream housing programs also struggle with—insufficient availability of safe, affordable, permanent housing options. 
This measure will address the egre-
gious, abhorrent problem of veteran homelessness with several common- sense, effective steps to increase hous-ing for homeless and at-risk veterans. The Homeless Veterans Prevention Act of 2015 would expand access to housing by requiring VA to collaborate with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and other entities to con-duct more robust landlord outreach and encourage more landlords to rent to veterans. 
Further, this bill would modify a VA 
program that provides critical savings to transitional housing providers, al-lowing these groups to spend limited funding to provide high-quality serv-ices rather than to retire the debt they would take on to acquire a facility in which to operate. VBA’s Acquired Property Sales for Homeless Providers Program sells homes from VA’s fore-closure inventory at a discount to non-profit organizations for use as transi-tional housing for homeless veterans. As VA continues to shift its homeless programs into an approach that meets veterans at their point of need, rather than choosing a one-size-fits-all solu-tion, more services are being provided under the housing-first model, which pairs housing with appropriate levels of case management. This pairing allows veterans to deal with the underlying issues that caused homelessness, rather than attempting to work through them while simultaneously looking for hous-ing. It is critical that programs that offer more than transitional housing be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.046 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6183 July 30, 2015 
allowed to benefit from this discount 
as well. 
As VA focuses on resolving homeless-
ness, instead of just managing it, hous-ing stability is increasingly a focus across the continuum of programs VA offers to eligible veterans. This bill will also modify VA’s Grant and Per Diem Program, its largest transitional housing program, to allow VA to incentivize grantees to increase their focus on permanent housing and hous-ing stability in support of the transi-tional housing program. More specifi-cally, this bill provides VA with much needed authority to allow transitional housing providers to utilize their facil-ity for permanent housing, and to re-ceive a reduced per diem payment to provide case management for partici-pating veterans. This would allow com-munities that are reaching critical junctures in the fight to end homeless-ness to repurpose existing transitional housing capacity for more pressing needs, such as permanent housing op-portunities for veterans. 
As many initiatives across VA have 
faced performance challenges, it is paramount that we continue to exam-ine all VA initiatives and identify metrics that can be tracked to keep the Department accountable. This leg-islation includes a provision that would require VA to set national per-formance targets for entities that re-ceive per diem funding for transitional housing and examine them to deter-mine whether the grantee’s perform-ance merits continued funding. Fur-ther, this bill also contains a provision that would prompt VA to utilize the data it collects to better target inter-ventions offered by its assertive com-munity teams engaging homeless vet-erans on the street. Requiring a more targeted effort focused on homeless veterans who are health care ‘‘super- utilizers’’ will reduce unnecessary uti-lization of health care and, subse-quently the costs for care. 
Research has indicated that housing 
can be an effective health care inter-vention when paired with appropriate services and resources. At its very sim-plest, homelessness among veterans is preventable when there is coordination among the many services and resources available to lift a veteran up. We can-not sit by idly and allow another vet-eran to slip through the cracks. We must reach out and let them know when, where, and how to get the help that they need and that they have earned. 
This is not a full recitation of all the 
provisions within this legislation. How-ever, I hope that I have provided an ap-propriate overview of the major bene-fits this legislation would provide. 
f 
SAFER OFFICERS AND SAFER 
CITIZENS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I join 
Senators T IMSCOTT and L INDSEY GRA-
HAM in introducing the Safer Officers 
and Safer Citizens Act of 2015. This critical legislation moves our Nation a 
step forward in rebuilding the trust gap between law enforcement and commu-nities by creating a Federal grant pro-gram to supply local, State, and tribal law enforcement with body-worn cam-eras. I thank Senator S
COTT for his 
work on this bill and his leadership on such a critical issue. 
Trust between law enforcement and 
communities is critical to the founda-tion of our democracy. It reinforces the legitimacy of the State to the people that the State serves. It assures the public that the people sworn to protect them will do so honorably or be held accountable when they don’t. It builds transparency and promotes open gov-ernment by shining a spotlight on po-lice-citizen interaction so that no mis-conduct occurs in the dark. It ensures police officers that the community will see their side and not cast unmerited aspersions. 
But recent police-citizen encounters 
in our Nation have created a trust def-icit between law enforcement and the communities that they serve. Over the past year, troubling use of force inci-dents have occurred between police of-ficers and citizens in places like Fer-guson, MO, Baltimore, MD, and North Charleston, SC. These events spurred a national dialogue about the state of po-licing in America, and created an ur-gency for body-worn cameras. 
When I served as mayor of New Jer-
sey’s largest city, I saw firsthand the difficulties law enforcement faced in keeping our communities safe. The overwhelming majority of police offi-cers in the United States are decent and hardworking Americans who have dedicated their lives to a greater call-ing. But let us not mistake ourselves— we have a problem in our country. Over the past few years, trust has eroded be-tween law enforcement and the com-munities they serve. The unfortunate actions of a few have cast a long shad-ow over the good work of many. 
I am also concerned that systemic 
issues have contributed to eroding the trust between communities and police. It comes from decades of a failed War on Drugs. Minority communities are routinely subject to stop and frisk poli-cies. People are stopped for ‘‘sus-picious’’ activities like acting too nervous, acting too calm, dressing cas-ually, or wearing expensive clothes or jewelry. The fact is that five times as many Whites report using drugs as Af-rican Americans, yet African Ameri-cans are sent to prison for drug crimes ten times that of whites. Of course a lack of trust will exist when our crimi-nal justice system as a whole dis-proportionately targets minorities. 
It is time we start rebuilding that 
trust. This bill is about transparency. The Safer Officer and Safer Citizens Act of 2015 would require that the De-partment of Justice give priority to States, localities, and tribal areas that have developed comprehensive body- worn camera policies that address such issues as privacy, data retention, and victim protection. It would also give 
priority to jurisdictions that consult victim and juvenile advocacy groups, labor organizations, civic leadership, law enforcement professionals, and the defense bar. The bill requires States, localities, and tribal units to collect data on the effectiveness of body cam-eras. 
Body-worn cameras will protect com-
munities from police abuses of power and simultaneously protect police from false complaints. I am proud to join with Senators S
COTT and G RAHAM in in-
troducing the Safer Officer and Safer Citizens Act of 2015, and I urge its speedy passage. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
this week we celebrate the 25th anni-versary of the passage of landmark civil rights legislation, the Americans with Disabilities Act. The ADA out-lawed discrimination on the basis of physical or developmental ability and sought to grant those with disabilities the same opportunities as other Ameri-cans. 
In the past quarter century, this law 
has changed our social fabric as well as of our physical surroundings. Every newly built building or sidewalk with basic accommodations lets more and more of our fellow citizens live fuller lives as self-sufficient members of our communities. 
Before there were curb cutouts, some 
Rhode Islanders couldn’t cross the street. Before there were wheelchair lifts on public buses, some Rhode Is-landers couldn’t commute to work. Be-fore there were assisted listening de-vices, some Rhode Islanders couldn’t follow a professor’s lecture or a pas-tor’s sermon. Before there were Braille signs, some Rhode Islanders couldn’t find a doctor’s office or a child’s class-room without assistance. Before there were accessible voting systems, some of us couldn’t even exercise our most basic rights as citizens. 
My colleague in Rhode Island’s con-
gressional delegation, Congressman J
IMLANGEVIN , has a special perspective 
on this groundbreaking law. ‘‘As some-one who has lived with the challenges of a disability both before and after the enactment of the ADA,’’ he has said, ‘‘I have experienced firsthand the pro-found changes of this law on our soci-ety.’’ 
J
IMwas only sixteen when an acci-
dental injury left him paralyzed. In an amazing example of optimism and courage, J
IMwent on to serve the peo-
ple of our State in the Rhode Island House of Representatives and as our Secretary of State. Today he is the first quadriplegic to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives. On the day he was the first person ever to preside in the House in a wheelchair, I trooped over from the Senate to watch history made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.015 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6184 July 30, 2015 
JIMLANGEVIN is living proof of the 
promise of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act and a champion of expanded opportunity for people with disabil-ities. He fought hard for the ADA Amendments Act of 2008. He is founder and cochairman of the Bipartisan Dis-abilities Caucus in Congress. And he is a living example to his colleagues that a disability need not be a limitation. Americans of every level of ability are better off for J
IM’Spassion and deter-
mination. 
For 25 years, as the Americans with 
Disabilities Act removed barriers to buildings and transportation, it elimi-nated obstacles that once kept people from contributing to our society, grow-ing our economy, and realizing their dreams. The equality of opportunity embodied in this law is at the very heart of our American notion of lib-erty. There is still work to be done, but we should cheer how far we have come, and rededicate ourselves to fulfilling the promise of the ADA. This is truly the work of forming a more perfect union. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE KEEP THE 
SPIRIT OF ’45 ALIVE COALITION AND BRIGADIER GENERAL JAMES B. THAYER 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, as our 
Nation commemorates the 70th anni-versary of the end of World War II, I would like to recognize and honor the achievements of the Keep the Spirit of ’45 Alive coalition, as well as the re-markable legacy of BG James B. Thayer, Sr. I am proud to speak today in recognition of the devotion exhib-ited by the Oregon Spirit of ’45 organi-zation, and by one of Oregon’s finest. 
Over the past 5 years, the Keep the 
Spirit of ’45 coalition has been instru-mental in convincing Congress, and various State legislatures, to designate an annual Spirit of ’45 Day in August. I am incredibly proud that Oregon is our Nation’s first State to legislate a permanent State Spirit of ’45 Day to honor the valiant men and women who served on the battlefields and on Amer-ica’s home front. However, I am even more proud of Governor Brown’s recent decision to designate the week of Au-gust 9–16 to be WWII 70th Anniversary Spirit of ’45 Commemorative Week, a period of profound appreciation and re-flection for the actions of a truly inspi-rational generation. 
It has been wonderful to witness the 
hard work of Oregon’s Spirit of ’45 or-ganization this year. From six perform-ances across the State by Oregon’s 234th Army Band to wreath laying ceremonies, all of the events took an extraordinary amount of planning and initiative. Oregon has truly developed a unique State plan to commemorate the end of WWII; a plan that not only involves an unprecedented concert tour, but that also includes a world-wide tribute coordinated with WWII al-lies. I also look forward to what is un-folding on the national level: the fly-overs by WWII aircraft, the swing 
dances and concerts, and the perform-ance of ‘‘Taps’’ during a wreath laying ceremony that will bring many great Nations together. Across Oregon and the United States, younger generations will truly appreciate our Nation’s suc-cessful efforts to defend freedom world-wide, as well as the 70th anniversary of VJ Day—which marked the end of the conflict on August 14, 1945. 
As I recognize the efforts of the Keep 
the Spirit of ’45 Alive coalition, I must also express my gratitude for General Thayer, who serves as the coalition’s ground forces spokesperson in Oregon. He has served as a guiding force behind the Spirit of ’45 organization in Or-egon. The recipient of numerous mili-tary awards, including the Silver and Bronze Stars, General Thayer helped save the lives of over 15,000 Hungarian Jewish refugees. But his legacy does not end there. Following his heroic lib-eration of the Nazi Death Camp Gunskirchen-Lager, General Thayer served in the Oregon State Defense Force, eventually ascending to the rank of commander. His willingness to serve his country after WWII, and work his way through the ranks, as well as his distinguished civilian career, speaks highly of his character. 
It is our Nation’s responsibility to 
ensure that the men and women who stand by our country are honored for their individual and collective sac-rifices. Observing the Spirit of ’45 Day begins the process of properly com-memorating the sacrifices of our Na-tion’s veterans and home front, at a time when democracy and human rights were threatened around the world. 
It is also an opportunity for us to re-
member the shared sacrifice, commit-ment to service to community and country, and national unity of our WWII generation so that their example will continue to inspire future genera-tions of Americans, especially the youth of our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL LEON 
PARROTT 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I 
would like to recognize the out-standing career of COL Leon Parrott, District Commander of the Huntington District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Since the beginning of his tenure, Colo-nel Parrott has dutifully served our great State and was honored earlier this month during a Change of Com-mand ceremony in Huntington. 
As District Commander, his jurisdic-
tion encompassed an area of approxi-mately 45,000 square miles in 5 States— West Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, Vir-ginia, and North Carolina. The Dis-trict’s staff of more than 800 employees supports their mission of operating and maintaining 35 multi-purpose res-ervoirs and 9 dams in addition to pro-viding flood damage reduction, com-mercial navigation, recreation, and water supply protection. Colonel Parrott and his staff oversaw signifi-
cant planning, design and construction efforts that imitated the replacement of outdated navigation structures, dam safety measures and other significant water resource challenges including emergency management. 
Throughout his career, Colonel 
Parrott has held a variety of command and staff assignments including: pla-toon leader, company executive officer and construction officer with the 94th Engineer Battalion, 18th Engineer Bri-gade and 249th Engineer Battalion; bat-talion maintenance officer and com-pany commander with the 37th Engi-neer Battalion, 20th Engineer Brigade; assistant construction and operations officer with the 416th Engineering Command; environmental project offi-cer and district executive officer, Eu-rope District, U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers; battalion operations and execu-tive officer with the 1st Battalion, 395th Engineer Regiment; group engi-neer with the 5th Special Forces Group, deputy and then chief of the Emergency Operations Center for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; Com-mander of the 326th Engineer Bat-talion; deputy engineer for installa-tions, Environment and Civil/Military Operations, U.S. European Command; chief of engineering at the Defense In-telligence Agency; and, most recently, as corps engineer of the XVIII Airborne Corps. 
Colonel Parrott is an outstanding 
soldier, friend, husband, father and stu-dent. A 1988 graduate of the Citadel, he holds a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering as well as master’s degree from the University of Phoenix and the U.S. Army War College. In ad-dition, Colonel Parrott has received numerous awards for his heroism and military duty. 
I have had the honor to work with 
him as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives and now in the U.S. Senate. During that time, I have come to admire his dedication and selfless commitment to the mission of the Huntington Corps and its employees. I would like to wish Colonel Parrott and his wife Judy well in his next command at the North Atlantic Division of USACE in Brooklyn, NY, where he will serve as deputy division commander. I ask my colleagues to join me in thank-ing Colonel Parrott for his service. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING MICHAEL 
HERNANDEZ 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Michael Her-nandez on his retirement after serving as Reno fire chief for over 5 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of hard work and dedication to creating a safe environment throughout Reno. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.024 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6185 July 30, 2015 
Mr. Hernandez stands as a shining ex-
ample of someone who has truly de-voted his life to serving his local com-munity. He earned a bachelor of science in government and a master of education from Texas A&M University. He later obtained his executive fire of-ficer credential from the National Fire Academy. Mr. Hernandez began his fire service career over 30 years ago as a firefighter medic. Throughout his ten-ure, he worked in every division of fire services, including emergency oper-ations, training, emergency medical service, emergency operations center management, and the fire prevention bureau. He advanced in his job with 
diligence, applying knowledge from each division to his work. Mr. Her-nandez is truly a role model in the fire services community throughout Reno and across the silver State. 
In March of 2010, Mr. Hernandez was 
named Reno fire chief. Along with the position, he gained responsibility for the department’s response to fires, nat-ural and manmade disasters, and emer-gency medical calls. He worked tire-lessly to ensure that the Reno Fire De-partment maintained excellent fire services for Nevada residents, even in some of the most tumultuous economic times. As chief, Mr. Hernandez pro-vided fellow firefighters with the train-ing and tools necessary to keep our local community safe. Mr. Hernandez is also a member of the International As-sociation of Fire Chiefs, the National Fire Academy Executive Fire Officer Alumni Association, the National Fire Protection Association, and the Ne-vada Fire Chiefs Association. I am grateful for all Mr. Hernandez has done for the City of Reno. 
It is the brave men and women who 
serve in our local fire departments that help keep our communities safe. These heroes selflessly put their lives on the line every day. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Hernandez for his cou-rageous contributions to the people of Reno and to the silver State. His sac-rifice and courage earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly put their lives on the line to benefit others. 
Mr. Hernandez has demonstrated pro-
fessionalism, commitment to excel-lence, and dedication to the highest standards of the Reno Fire Depart-ment. I am both humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Mr. Hernandez on his retire-ment, and I give my deepest apprecia-tion for all that he has done to make Nevada a safer place. I offer him my best wishes for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GERALD M. 
CROSS 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Dr. Gerald M. Cross, a dedi-cated public servant who will be retir-ing from the Department of Veterans Affairs at the end of August. Before joining the VA, Dr. Cross 
served in the U.S. Army for nearly 30 years. While in the Army, Dr. Cross was honored with several awards, in-cluding five Legion of Merit medals, the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, USUHS, Com-mendable Services Medal and the Order of Military Medical Merit. His final Army assignment was as the U.S. Army Forces Command, FORSCOM, Surgeon at Fort McPherson, assem-bling medical support for overseas op-erations. 
Inspired by his experience working 
with servicemembers and their fami-lies, Dr. Cross began an 11-year career at the VA after retiring from the Army. His work as Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Health and Acting Under Secretary for Health earned him the Exceptional Service Award in 2010, awarded by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Among his many accomplish-ments, Dr. Cross’s work at the VA in-cludes increasing the number of Vet Centers throughout the country, and adding over 1,000 physicians and over 3,000 nurses to the VA staff nationwide, and leading the VA Central Office Task Force that implemented the Suicide Prevention Hotline. His legacy at the VA will live on, helping veterans for years to come. 
Dr. Cross is a truly inspirational pub-
lic servant. I thank him for his many years of serving his country serving those who have served, and I wish him the best in his retirement. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH A. VIOLANTE 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Joseph A. Violante, na-tional legislative director for the Dis-abled American Veterans, DAV, who will be retiring at the end of this week after over 20 years of service to DAV. 
Joe’s career of service started long 
before his tenure at DAV. As a U.S. Marine, he served in combat in Viet-nam. Following his honorable dis-charge from the Marine Corps, Joe began practicing law in California, and in 1990, Joe joined the DAV Washington staff in its appellate work before the VA Board of Veterans Appeals, lending his legal expertise to serve his fellow veterans. Joe became DAV’s national legislative director in 1996. 
It is an incredible service to defend 
the United States in combat. Joe went above and beyond that. He came home and started fighting for others who served, helping countless veterans through his work at DAV. Over the past 2 decades, he has played a role in crafting major veterans legislation, and his work has affected policies at the VA, the Department of Labor, the Department of Defense, and other Fed-eral agencies. Joe has helped spur in-ternal VA reforms, establish increases in VA’s annual appropriations, expand primary care for veterans, expand the National Cemetery system and estab-lish caregiver benefits for wounded vet-erans. These accomplishments, just few of many, will continue to help veterans 
for years to come. 
Joe served as national legislative di-
rector for three Presidential adminis-trations and testified at my very first hearing as chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. It was an honor to work with him, and I know I am not alone when I say I am sad to see him go. His retirement is well-de-served, and I wish Joe and his wife Debbie all the best. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD DEAN 
ROGERS 
∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, as a rep-
resentative of Kansas in the U.S. Sen-ate, it is my honor to celebrate the public service of Richard Dean Rogers, a Kansan who has dedicated his life to serving his community, State, and country. Richard’s professional achievements are as plentiful and di-verse as they are impressive. Born in Oberlin, KS in 1921, Richard Rogers went on to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II and then moved to public life as a county attor-ney for Riley County, city commis-sioner and mayor of Manhattan, KS, State representative, State senator in the Kansas Legislature. In 1975, Presi-dent Gerald Ford appointed Rogers to serve as a U.S. district judge for the District of Kansas, beginning a lasting tenure that will soon reach 40 years. 
Judicial colleagues describe Judge 
Rogers as a role model whose long pub-lic life is marked by an amiable spirit, an unpretentious fortitude, and an un-mitigated desire for the advancement and protection of all segments of soci-ety. Americans thank Judge Rogers for his service and contributions to the State of Kansas and the United States of America and wish Judge Rogers and his wife Cindy well as he moves to in-active senior status on August 7, 2015 and begins a new chapter of his most admirable life. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:43 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.061 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6186 July 30, 2015 
the following bills, in which it requests 
the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1300. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 1994. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3236. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 4:29 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3236. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1300. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 1994. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communication was 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and was referred as indicated: 
EC–2463. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the text of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA); the Secretary of State’s verification assessment report; and additonal documents, received in the Senate on July 19, 2015; pursuant to Sec. 135(h) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011, et seq.) to the Committees on Finance; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; and Foreign Re-lations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BOOZMAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1910. An original bill making appropria-
tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–97). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 313. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to add physical thera-pists to the list of providers allowed to uti-lize locum tenens arrangements under Medi-care (Rept. No. 114–98). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, without amendment: 
S. 349. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to empower individuals with disabilities to establish their own sup-plemental needs trusts (Rept. No. 114–99). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 466. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality meas-ures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives (Rept. No . 114–100). 
S. 599. A bill to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project (Rept. No. 114–101). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 607. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–102). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 704. A bill to establish a Community- 
Based Institutional Special Needs Plan dem-onstration program to target home and com-munity-based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries (Rept. No. 114–103). 
S. 861. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX 
of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Med-icaid programs (Rept. No. 114–104). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 1253. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–105). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1347. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambula-tory surgical centers in determining mean-ingful EHR use, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–106). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, without amendment: 
S. 1349. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals (Rept. No. 114–107). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1362. A bill to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs) (Rept. No. 114– 108). 
S. 1461. A bill to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small 
rural hospitals through 2015 (Rept. No. 114– 109). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment: 
S. 1875. A bill to support enhanced account-
ability for United States assistance to Af-ghanistan, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1899. A bill to permit aliens seeking asy-
lum to be eligible for employment in the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KAINE: 
S. 1900. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 1901. A bill to help small businesses ac-
cess capital and create jobs by reauthorizing the successful State Small Business Credit Initiative; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. REED: 
S. 1902. A bill to provide for the treatment 
and extension of temporary financing of short-time compensation programs; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 1903. A bill to provide for a study by the 
National Academy of Medicine on health dis-parities, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidelines on reducing health disparities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: 
S. 1904. A bill to protect our Social Secu-
rity system and improve benefits for current and future generations; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 1905. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the re-duced recognition period for built-in gains for S corporations; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. C
RAPO ): 
S. 1906. A bill to clarify the exclusion of or-
phan drug sales from the calculation of the annual fee on branded prescription pharma-ceutical manufacturers and importers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. B OXER , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. P ETERS , 
and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 1907. A bill to reduce the Federal budget 
deficit by closing big oil tax loopholes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.013 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6187 July 30, 2015 
S. 1908. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Opportunity Act to restrict institu-tions of higher education from using reve-nues derived from Federal educational as-sistance funds for advertising, marketing, or recruiting purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. V
ITTER , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. E NZI, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 1909. A bill to protect communities from 
destructive Federal overreach by the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN: 
S. 1910. An original bill making appropria-
tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
C
OONS ): 
S. 1911. A bill to implement policies to end 
preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. 
UDALL ): 
S. 1912. A bill to protect the rights of In-
dian and Native Alaskan voters; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. 
KAINE): 
S. 1913. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 1914. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act with respect to the guidelines for specification of certain dis-posal sites for dredged or fill material; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. 
H
ATCH , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. C ORNYN ): 
S.J. Res. 21. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States authorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
WYDEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C ARPER , and 
Mrs. M CCASKILL ): 
S. Res. 236. A resolution designating July 
30, 2015, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appre-ciation Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. H ATCH ): 
S. Res. 237. A resolution condemning Jo-
seph Kony and the Lord’s Resistance Army for continuing to perpetrate crimes against humanity, war crimes, and mass atrocities, and supporting ongoing efforts by the United States Government, the African Union, and governments and regional organizations in central Africa to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army commanders from the battlefield and promote protection and 
recovery of affected communities; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. Res. 238. A resolution expressing the de-
termination of the Senate that the 60-cal-endar day period for congressional review of the nuclear agreement with Iran did not begin with the transmittal of the agreement on July 19, 2015, because that transmittal did not include all materials required to be transmitted pursuant to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. Res. 239. A resolution commemorating 
the 75th anniversary of the Virginia Insti-tute of Marine Science of the College of Wil-liam & Mary; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders enacted by the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 210, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
S. 303 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 303, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that in-dividuals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 471, a bill to improve the provi-sion of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. H
ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 471, supra. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-
sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) and the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.015 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6188 July 30, 2015 
United States Code, to repeal the re-
quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. B ENNET ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive as-sistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Arizona 
(Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. L ANKFORD ), the Senator 
from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ), the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the 
Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ), 
the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
KIRK) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
CRAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1099, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to pro-vide States with flexibility in deter-mining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to sub-ject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropria-tions process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1466 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1466, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modify payment under the Medicare program for out-patient department procedures that utilize drugs as supplies, and for other purposes. S. 1498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1509 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1509, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of pro-grams to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from West Virginia 
(Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1578 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1578, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance tax-payer rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 1579 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1579, a bill to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and col-laboration between Federal tourism as-sets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international finan-cial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1707 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1707, a bill to designate the Fed-eral building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’ . 
S. 1731 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1731, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or releases from service in the Armed 
Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1760 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1760, a bill to prevent gun trafficking. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to accept additional documentation when consid-ering the application for veterans sta-tus of an individual who performed service as a coastwise merchant sea-man during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C RUZ), the Senator from Maryland 
(Ms. M IKULSKI ) and the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1789, a bill to improve de-fense cooperation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1808, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1872 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1872, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require the Sec-retary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the simplification of applica-tions for the estimation and deter-mination of financial aid eligibility, to increase the income threshold to qual-ify for zero expected family contribu-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 1876 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Sen-
ator from Mississippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1876, a bill to rename the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking of the Depart-ment of State the Bureau to Monitor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.016 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6189 July 30, 2015 
and Combat Trafficking in Persons and 
to provide for an Assistant Secretary to head such Bureau, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1881 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mr. C ORKER ), the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), 
the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Alabama 
(Mr. S ESSIONS ), the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ), the Senator 
from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), the Sen-
ator from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) and 
the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D ON-
NELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1893, a bill to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 228 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 228, a resolution designating Sep-tember 2015 as ‘‘National Ovarian Can-cer Awareness Month’’ . 
S. RES. 232 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 232, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that August 30, 2015, be observed as ‘‘1890 Land-Grant Institutions Quasquicentennial Rec-ognition Day’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2289 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2289 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, an act to au-thorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2456 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2456 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, an act to au-
thorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. KAINE: 
S. 1900. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, by 2020, it 
is estimated that 65 percent of all jobs will require at least some form of post-secondary education and training. The National Skills Coalition estimates that nearly half of all job openings be-tween now and 2022 will be middle skill jobs that require education beyond high school, but not a 4-year degree. While the number of students pursuing postsecondary education is growing, the supply of skilled workers still falls short of industry demand. According to one estimate, the U.S. faces a shortfall of as many as 4.7 million new workers with postsecondary certificates by the year 2018 and according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, 3.7 million U.S. jobs are currently vacant because of a shortage of qualified workers. 
Our current Federal higher education 
policy could be improved to help solve this problem. Pell Grants—the primary form of Federal tuition assistance for low-income and working students—can only be awarded towards programs that are over 600 clock hours or at least 15 weeks in length. These grants cannot be used to support many of the short- term occupational training programs at community and technical colleges and other institutions that provide skills and credentials employers need and recognize. When it comes to higher education, Federal policies need to sup-port the demands of the changing labor market and support alternate career pathways that align with industry de-mand. According the Georgetown Uni-versity Center on Education and the Workforce, shorter-term educational investments pay off—the average post-secondary certificate holder has 20 per-cent higher lifetime earnings than in-dividuals with only a high school di-ploma. 
I am pleased to introduce the 
Jumpstart Our Businesses by Sup-porting Students or JOBS Act. The JOBS Act would amend the Higher Education Act by expanding Pell Grant eligibility to students enrolled in short-term skills and job training pro-grams that lead to industry-based cre-dentials and ultimately employment in in-demand industry sectors or careers. Since job training programs are short-er and less costly, Pell Grant awards would be half of the current discre-tionary Pell amount. The legislation defines eligible job training programs as those providing career and technical education instruction at an institution that provides at least 150 clock hours 
of instruction time over a period of at least 8 weeks and that provides train-ing that meets the needs of the local or regional workforce. These programs must also provide students with li-censes, certifications, or credentials that meet the hiring requirements of multiple employers in the field for which the job training is offered. 
The JOBS Act also ensures that stu-
dents who receive Pell Grants are earn-ing high-quality postsecondary creden-tials by requiring that the credentials meet the standards under the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act, are recognized by employers, industry, or sector partnerships, and align with the skill needs of industries in the States or local economies. 
We need to make sure that Federal 
student aid supports the demand of a 21st century economy. As Congress works to reauthorize the Higher Edu-cation Act, I hope that my colleagues ensure that Pell Grants are accessible for individuals participating in high- quality, short-term occupational train-ing programs that are leading to indus-try-recognized credentials and certifi-cates. 
By Mr. REED: 
S. 1902. A bill to provide for the 
treatment and extension of temporary financing of short-time compensation programs; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
introducing the Layoff Prevention Ex-tension Act. This bill would extend the financing and grant provisions for the successful work sharing legislation I authored and worked to include in the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Cre-ation Act of 2012. 
The concept of work sharing is sim-
ple. It helps people who are currently employed, but in danger of being laid off, to keep their jobs. By giving strug-gling companies the flexibility to re-duce hours instead of their workforce, work sharing programs prevent layoffs and help employers save money on re-hiring costs. Employees who partici-pate in work sharing keep their jobs and receive a portion of unemployment insurance benefits to make up for lost 
wages. 
Since becoming law, work sharing 
has helped save over 110,000 jobs, in-cluding 1,200 jobs in my State of Rhode Island, according to estimates from the Department of Labor. And it has saved States $225 million by reimbursing them for work sharing benefits they paid out to workers—benefits that helped keep people on the job. 
Before my bill became law in 2012, 
only a handful of States had work shar-ing programs. Now, these programs enjoy broad bipartisan support and have been established in 29 States and the District of Columbia. However, the $100 million in implementation grants expired at the end of 2014, and the 100 percent Federal financing of these work sharing benefits will expire next month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.017 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6190 July 30, 2015 
The legislation I am introducing 
today would extend these deadlines by 2 years so that states with existing work sharing programs, and those that are looking to enact a program, can qualify for Federal support. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting passage of this bill to keep American workers on the job, save tax-payers money, and provide employers with a practical, positive, and cost-ef-fective alternative to layoffs. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 1911. A bill to implement policies 
to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I 
am very pleased to be joined by my col-league from Delaware, Senator C
HRIS 
COONS , in introducing the Reach Every 
Mother and Child Act of 2015. The pur-pose of our bill is to improve the health and well-being of women and children in developing countries. Every day ap-proximately 800 women will die from preventable causes related to preg-nancy and childbirth. 
In addition, more than 17,000 children 
under the age of 5 will die each day of treatable conditions such as pre-maturity, pneumonia, and diarrhea, with malnutrition being the underlying cause in nearly half those deaths. While progress has been made in im-proving the health of mothers and their children, it is a tragedy that so many preventable deaths still occur, especially given that there are many effective and established lifesaving ma-ternal and child health protocols and policies. 
These lifesaving interventions in-
clude clean birthing practices, vac-cines, nutritional supplements, hand washing with soap, and other basic needs that remain elusive for far too many women and children in devel-oping countries. 
Our legislation would strengthen the 
American government’s commitment to ending preventable deaths of moth-ers, newborns, and young children in the developing world. There are simple, proven, cost-effective interventions which we know will work if we can reach the mothers and children who need them to survive. Our bill will also allow us to leverage greater invest-ments from other parties, especially the private sector, partner govern-ments, private foundations, and multi-national organizations. 
According to USAID, a concentrated 
effort could end preventable maternal and child deaths worldwide by the year 2035. However, U.S. leadership and sup-port of the international community are critical to meeting this goal. 
The U.S. Agency for International 
Development—USAID—has set an am-bitious interim goal of preventing the deaths of 15 million children and 600,000 women in the next 5 years to ensure steadfast progress toward the ultimate goal. Due in part to American leader-ship and generosity, many lives have 
already been saved. Since 1990 the an-nual number of deaths of children under the age of 5 has been cut in half. Nevertheless, far too many mothers, newborns, and young children under the age of 5 still succumb to disease and malnutrition that could easily be prevented. The deployment of interven-tions that have proved to be successful must be accelerated. 
Our bill would require the adminis-
tration to develop a 10-year strategy to achieve the goal of preventing these deaths by the year 2035. Our bill would charge USAID with meeting that goal. 
One provision of our bill would estab-
lish a maternal and child survival coor-dinator at USAID who would focus on implementing the 10-year strategy and verifying that the most effective inter-ventions are scaled up in target coun-tries. Our bill would also establish an interagency working group to assist the coordinator in promoting greater collaboration among all the Federal agencies involved in this effort. 
To promote transparency and greater 
accountability, our bill requires that detailed reporting be published on the Foreign Assistance Dashboard, where it can be assessed by the public, Con-gress, and nongovernmental organiza-tions to track the implementation of the strategy and the progress being made. 
Finally, the United States cannot 
and should not take on the goal of eradicating these preventable deaths alone. Our bill recognizes this reality and requires the administration to de-velop a financing framework which would allow the use of U.S. Govern-ment dollars to leverage additional commitments from the private sector, nonprofit organizations, partner coun-tries, and multinational organizations. As other investments grow, the need for U.S. Government assistance would decline. At a time when we must make very difficult decisions regarding Fed-eral priorities in our budget, this is an important and responsible provision that ultimately will reduce the reli-ance on U.S. Government contribu-tions. 
Improving the health and well-being 
of mothers and children around the world has far-reaching social and eco-nomic benefits as well. An independent group of economists and global health experts from around the world, known as the Lancet Commission, indicated that the return on investment in global health initiatives is very high. In fact, for every $1 invested, there is a return of $9 to $20 in growing the gross domes-tic product of the country receiving the investment. 
Other global health initiatives, such 
as the successful President’s Emer-gency Plan for AIDS Relief, or PEPFAR, which was started by Presi-dent George Bush, demonstrate that results-risen interventions can turn the tide for global health challenges such as maternal and child survival. Taking lessons learned from past ini-tiatives, our bill would provide the 
focus and the tools necessary to accel-erate progress toward ending prevent-able maternal and child deaths. 
I urge my colleagues to take a close 
look at the bill we are introducing today and to join Senator C
OONS and 
me in supporting this bill to save the lives of mothers and children around the world. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I join my 
colleague from Maine on the floor this afternoon to talk about what we can do to save the lives of newborn children and their mothers in some of the poor-est communities around our globe. 
I wish to start by thanking Senator 
C
OLLINS for her impressive leadership 
and for the energy she has brought to this work. I share her belief that our bipartisan bill, which is called the Reach Every Mother and Child Act or just the REACH Act, will go a long way toward eliminating preventable mater-nal and child deaths and will do so in an impressively targeted and cost-ef-fective way. 
The preventable death of newborns, 
their mothers, and children under 5 is a genuine tragedy that remains a wide-spread reality in far too many places around our world today. As Senator C
OLLINS said, 17,000 children a day lose 
their lives to preventable diseases such as pneumonia, diarrhea, and malaria— illnesses we know how to not just treat but prevent—and worldwide, 3 million children will lose their lives to mal-nutrition this year. Nearly 3 million newborns die every year, 1 million of whom don’t live to their second day, and 300,000 women don’t get to experi-ence the joy of raising their child as ei-ther pregnancy or birth takes their lives. I doubt it would come to any sur-prise to those in this Chamber today that it is the families who are living in the poorest communities in the devel-oping world who are most at risk. 
So what brings Senator C
OLLINS and 
me to the floor today is the fact that there are things we can do to prevent these deaths from ever happening and to do so in a cost-effective and trans-parent way. Since I first entered office, I have been confronted with challenges both at home and around the world that demand our action but where real solutions remain out of the reach of this Senate or our government. This is not one of those issues. 
Some doubt that we can make a last-
ing and meaningful impact on the poor-est of the poor in the developing world, but the fact is, we have made real progress. It was time spent in east Af-rica 30 years ago that first really changed my life and engaged me pas-sionately in these issues. What is strik-ing is how much progress we have actu-ally made. Over the past 25 years, we have cut in half the number of children and mothers who have died, the num-ber of children under 5, and mothers who die in illnesses associated with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.036 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6191 July 30, 2015 
childbirth. Mortality rates are now de-
clining faster than ever. And while we do face real and seemingly intractable challenges across the international landscape, our progress on this issue remains a telling sign of what is pos-sible when we pull together and apply thoughtful interventions. 
Just last year the administration 
took an important next step, laying out a new strategy with ambitious goals—saving the lives of 15 million children and 600,000 women by the end of this decade. Think about the scope and reach of the change that would mean for families and for communities in some of the poorest places on this planet. These goals are based in the lessons we have learned about what really works. Providing neonatal care to expectant mothers works. Vacci-nating young children works. Pro-viding access to clean water so that children don’t die from diarrhea works. Providing HIV-positive mothers with antiretroviral drugs works. 
I am hopeful about our ability to find 
cost-effective solutions because many of these remedies are simple things which are already at work here in our own country and which we as Ameri-cans take for granted. In the United States, what would be a fairly routine complication of childbirth would, in many communities in the developing world, be a life-or-death situation. 
For example, let me talk for a mo-
ment about something called a resus-citation bag—a simple piece of plastic that costs just a few dollars. Most American parents have either seen one used or ready to be used in the delivery room. We know that in an American hospital—and it should be in the hos-pital of any developed country—when a nurse needs a resuscitation bag for a newborn who is struggling to breathe, it is right there and waiting. But in the poorest communities, where newborns are losing their lives at astounding rates, a significant factor is the simple absence of these bags to save the lives of newborns. When a nurse—if there is even a nurse—reaches for one, there is none to be found. Yet these simple de-vices that cost just a few dollars could save literally hundreds or thousands of lives. 
So what our bipartisan REACH Act 
does is recognize that many of the steps we can take are very much with-in our grasp, and our bill would take these solutions a step further by re-forming them and scaling them up so they have a larger, longer term impact. 
Our bill would increase coordination 
to better implement U.S. strategies with the goal of ending preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths within 20 years. It would build new partnerships with the private sector, improve coordination across agencies, and insist on real targets and trans-parent and measurable progress. It would also, as Senator C
OLLINS ref-
erenced, allow U.S. Government dollars to be leveraged. And I love it when we leverage our resources with the private sector, with multilateral donors, and 
with our partner countries in the de-veloping world. Critically, it would focus on the most effective interven-tions in the poorest and most vulner-able communities and put in place tar-gets that can be effectively tracked. 
These communities in the poorest 
parts of our planet face many chal-lenges, but when it comes to saving the lives of young mothers and children, we know exactly what it will take to make a meaningful difference. Today, together, we are offering a strong path forward. 
I close by urging my colleagues to 
follow the real leadership of Senator C
OLLINS and to join both of us in ensur-
ing that American ingenuity and lead-ership can continue to save lives and to offer communities around our world a brighter future. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to thank the Senator from Delaware for his very eloquent statement. I know how passionate he is about help-ing people, particularly in Africa. He has extraordinary expertise about that region of the world, about that con-tinent, and has been there many times. I look forward to working with him to make this bill a law. It is bipartisan, and it should bring people together across party lines. I hope we will be able to get it signed into law this year. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and 
Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 1914. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act with re-spect to the guidelines for specification of certain disposal sites for dredged or fill material; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, today, I 
am pleased to join my bipartisan Vir-ginia colleagues Senator M
ARKWARNER  
and Congressmen R OBERT HURT and 
MORGAN GRIFFITH in introducing the 
Commonsense Permitting for Job Cre-ation Act of 2015, a bipartisan, bi-cameral piece of legislation to address an aspect of water permitting law that has touched several economic develop-ment projects in Virginia. 
Southern Virginia has seen great eco-
nomic challenges in recent years due to the overall economic downturn com-pounded by fundamental changes to the region’s traditional industries such as manufacturing, textiles, and to-bacco. Throughout this region there are several business park sites that could be developed to accommodate one or multiple manufacturing oper-ations. County economic development authorities have worked to secure all necessary permits and authorities to develop these sites but have encoun-tered an issue pertaining to Clean Water Act Section 404 permits. 
Several of these counties have had 
difficulty securing approval from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for 404 permits because the Corps is reluctant to issue a permit without a company 
that has committed to the site and pre-pared detailed development blueprints. In speaking to potential companies, county officials have heard that it is difficult for a company to commit to a site without assurance that all govern-ment permits are secured. This has cre-ated a ‘‘chicken and egg’’ conundrum— a company will not relocate to the site without an approved permit, but a per-mit cannot be approved without a com-pany willing to relocate. 
This legislation simply addresses 
that regulatory ambiguity by speci-fying that the lack of a committed end- user shall not be the sole reason to deny a Corps permit that meets all other legal requirements under Section 404. 
I believe Federal, State, and local 
stakeholders can work in good faith to follow all laws protecting our water re-sources, while taking reasonable steps to make it easier to pursue economic development opportunities in economi-cally distressed communities. My col-leagues and I introduced a version of this bill in the previous Congress, and we were pleased to help speed the proc-ess that led to the approval of a permit for the Commonwealth Crossing Busi-ness Center in Henry County, VA, last year. 
I am optimistic that this bill will 
help expedite approval of important economic development projects in a manner that is acceptable to all stake-holders. We are proud to be able to work across the aisle and with state and local officials on this common-sense, bipartisan solution. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 236—DESIG-
NATING JULY 30, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER AP-PRECIATION DAY’’ 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C ARPER , and 
Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 236 
Whereas, in 1777, before the passage of the 
Bill of Rights, 10 sailors and marines blew the whistle on fraud and misconduct harmful to the United States; 
Whereas the Founding Fathers unani-
mously supported the whistleblowers in words and deeds, including by releasing gov-ernment records and providing monetary as-sistance for reasonable legal expenses nec-essary to prevent retaliation against the whistleblowers; 
Whereas, on July 30, 1778, in demonstration 
of their full support for whistleblowers, the members of the Continental Congress unani-mously enacted the first whistleblower legis-lation in the United States that read: ‘‘ Re-
solved , That it is the duty of all persons in 
the service of the United States, as well as all other the inhabitants thereof, to give the earliest information to Congress or other proper authority of any misconduct, frauds or misdemeanors committed by any officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.048 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6192 July 30, 2015 
or persons in the service of these states, 
which may come to their knowledge’’ (legis-lation of July 30, 1778, reprinted in Journals 
of the Continental Congress, 1774–1789 , ed. Wor-
thington C. Ford et al. (Washington, D.C., 1904-37), 11:732); 
Whereas whistleblowers risk their careers, 
jobs, and reputations by reporting waste, fraud, and abuse to the proper authorities; 
Whereas, when providing proper authori-
ties with lawful disclosures, whistleblowers save taxpayers in the United States billions of dollars each year and serve the public in-terest by ensuring that the United States re-mains an ethical and safe place; 
Whereas whistleblowing is generally de-
fined as the lawful disclosure of information reasonably believed to evidence a violation of law, rule, or regulation, or gross mis-management, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a danger to public health or safety—and is in contrast to the unlawful disclosure of classified information that threatens the national security of the United States and that violates criminal law; and 
Whereas it is the public policy of the 
United States to encourage, in accordance with Federal law (including the Constitu-tion, rules, and regulations) and consistent with the protection of classified information (including sources and methods of detection of classified information), honest and good faith reporting of misconduct, fraud, mis-demeanors, and other crimes to the appro-priate authority at the earliest time pos-sible: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates July 30, 2015, as ‘‘National 
Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’; and 
(2) ensures that the Federal Government 
implements the intent of the Founding Fa-thers, as reflected in the legislation enacted on July 30, 1778, by encouraging each execu-tive agency to recognize National Whistle-blower Appreciation Day by— 
(A) informing employees, contractors 
working on behalf of United States tax-payers, and members of the public about the legal rights of citizens of the United States to ‘‘blow the whistle’’ by honest and good faith reporting of misconduct, fraud, mis-
demeanors, or other crimes to the appro-priate authorities; and 
(B) acknowledging the contributions of 
whistleblowers to combating waste, fraud, abuse, and violations of laws and regulations in the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 237—CON-
DEMNING JOSEPH KONY AND THE LORD’S RESISTANCE ARMY FOR CONTINUING TO PER-PETRATE CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, WAR CRIMES, AND MASS ATROCITIES, AND SUP-PORTING ONGOING EFFORTS BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERN-MENT, THE AFRICAN UNION, AND GOVERNMENTS AND REGIONAL ORGANIZATIONS IN CENTRAL AFRICA TO REMOVE JOSEPH KONY AND LORD’S RESISTANCE ARMY COMMANDERS FROM THE BATTLEFIELD AND PROMOTE PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF AFFECTED COMMUNITIES 
Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: S. R ES. 237 
Whereas the Lord’s Resistance Army, 
which first formed in northern Uganda, con-tinues its reign of terror in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, and South Sudan, destabilizing the region and deliberately killing at least 2,400 civilians since 2008, many of whom were tar-geted in schools and churches; 
Whereas atrocities committed by the 
Lord’s Resistance Army have resulted in the rape and brutal mutilation of countless men, women, and children; the abduction of over 70,000 civilians, including at least 30,000 chil-dren, many of whom were forced to become child soldiers or sex slaves; the continued displacement of more than 200,000 civilians from their homes, many of whom do not have access to essential humanitarian assist-ance; and the general deterioration of gov-ernance and security in affected areas; 
Whereas insecurity caused by the Lord’s 
Resistance Army has undermined efforts by the African Union and governments in the region, which have been supported by the United States and the international commu-nity, to consolidate peace and stability in each of the countries affected by the Lord’s Resistance Army; 
Whereas the Lord’s Resistance Army en-
gages in elephant poaching and the violent pillaging of natural resources in the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic, using the profits from its sales of ivory, gold, and diamonds to fund its operations and the purchase of munitions; 
Whereas the senior core command struc-
ture of the Lord’s Resistance Army remains functional and the 2005 arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court against Joseph Kony for war crimes and crimes against humanity remains pending, as testi-mony to the continued threat faced by the region; 
Whereas the Senate remains dedicated to 
the commitment established in the Lord’s Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–172; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) by working with regional governments toward a comprehen-sive and permanent resolution to the conflict in northern Uganda and other affected areas through the provision of political, economic, military, and intelligence support to protect civilians, apprehend or remove Joseph Kony and his top commanders from the battlefield, and disarm and demobilize the remaining Lord’s Resistance Army fighters; 
Whereas, in June 2012, the United Nations 
Security Council endorsed the Regional Strategy of the United Nations to bring an end to the Lord’s Resistance Army by focus-ing on the implementation of the Regional Cooperation Initiative of the African Union and to support the governments affected by the ongoing conflict; 
Whereas, on September 18 and 19, 2012, the 
Governments of the Central African Repub-lic, South Sudan, and the Republic of Ugan-da dedicated contingents of their armed forces to a unified African Union Regional Task Force mandated to permanently end the Lord’s Resistance Army threat, with the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo following suit on February 14, 2013; 
Whereas Joseph Kony remains a Specially 
Designated Global Terrorist and, on January 15, 2013, the Department of State under its Rewards for Justice Program announced a reward for information leading to Kony’s ar-rest or conviction; 
Whereas, on December 10, 2014, the United 
Nations Security Council issued a presi-dential statement welcoming the continued advisory and logistical support provided by the United States to the African Union Re-gional Task Force, while noting continued 
reports of the presence of senior Lord’s Re-sistance Army leaders in the disputed Kafia Kingi enclave and reports of opportunistic collaboration between the Lord’s Resistance Army and ex-Seleka forces in the Central Af-rican Republic; 
Whereas, on March 25, 2014, President 
Barack Obama notified Congress of the in-creased commitment of approximately 250 members of the United States Armed Forces to the Regional Task Force to assist regional forces in their efforts to protect civilians, encourage defections from the Lord’s Resist-ance Army, and bring Joseph Kony and his senior leadership to justice; 
Whereas reports from nongovernmental or-
ganizations operating on the ground indicate that local communities and civil society leaders in the region have welcomed and con-tinue to support the presence and continued assistance of United States military advi-sors; 
Whereas, due to the continued efforts of 
the Regional Task Force of the African Union and United States military advisors, killings carried out by the Lord’s Resistance Army have dropped 90 percent since 2011 and approximately 25 percent of the core fighting force of the Lord’s Resistance Army has de-fected or been otherwise removed from the battlefield since January 2013; 
Whereas over 120 women and children held 
in long-term captivity by the Lord’s Resist-ance Army escaped from the rebel group in 2014; 
Whereas reports from nongovernmental or-
ganizations and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs demonstrate an increase in attacks and ab-ductions by the Lord’s Resistance Army in 2014 compared to 2013, as well as an increase in internally displaced persons in the north-eastern region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in late 2014; 
Whereas the African Union Regional Task 
Force reported in January 2015 that Okot Odhiambo, a senior Lord’s Resistance Army officer indicted by the International Crimi-nal Court on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity, was killed in bat-tle in 2013; 
Whereas, on January 5, 2015, Dominic 
Ongwen, a senior Lord’s Resistance Army of-ficer indicted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity, defected to forces from the United States and African Union Re-gional Task Force; 
Whereas the inability of the Central Afri-
can Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to defuse violence, establish le-gitimate and effective governance, or achieve basic development objectives throughout their countries has provided safe haven for the Lord’s Resistance Army and the failure to immediately de-escalate and resolve the broader national crisis risks eclipsing gains made by United States efforts to prevent atrocities in the southeastern re-gion of the Central African Republic; and 
Whereas targeted United States assistance 
and leadership has made a significant impact on preventing further mass atrocities and curtailing humanitarian suffering in central Africa and must be reinforced to maintain these gains: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns Joseph Kony and the Lord’s 
Resistance Army for continuing to per-petrate crimes against humanity and mass atrocities, and supports ongoing efforts by the United States, the African Union, the international community, and governments in central Africa to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army commanders from the battlefield and promote protection and recovery for affected communities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.025 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6193 July 30, 2015 
(2) commends the continued efforts by the 
African Union, the United Nations, and re-gional partners to end the threat posed by the Lord’s Resistance Army; 
(3) supports efforts to provide the Regional 
Task Force with the logistics support and authorizations needed to access all areas of suspected Lord’s Resistance Army activity in the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo; 
(4) urges the President to reauthorize the 
deployment of United States Armed Forces personnel in support of Operation Observant Compass until senior Lord’s Resistance Army commanders are removed from the battlefield and the group no longer poses a significant threat to civilians; 
(5) urges the Secretary of State and the 
Secretary of Defense to support the African Union and the Regional Task Force, as well as regional partners, in their efforts to deny the Lord’s Resistance Army safe haven in Sudan and in the disputed Kafia Kingi en-clave, by expanding defection messaging ini-tiatives, urging the African Union to engage more proactively in diplomatic outreach to the Government of Sudan, and removing Jo-seph Kony and his top commanders from the battlefield through the sharing of intel-ligence and other military assistance; 
(6) urges the African Union and the Re-
gional Task Force, with the support of the European Union, as well as the Governments of Uganda, South Sudan, the Central African Republic, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to implement the Regional Strat-egy of the United Nations by— 
(A) fully implementing the Regional Co-
operation Initiative developed by the African Union to bring an end to the Lord’s Resist-ance Army; 
(B) enhancing efforts to promote the pro-
tection of civilians in all areas in which the Lord’s Resistance Army operates; and 
(C) broadening current efforts of disar-
mament, demobilization, repatriation, reset-tlement, and reintegration to all areas af-fected by the Lord’s Resistance Army, as well as humanitarian and child protection efforts; 
(7) welcomes the continued defections of 
men, women, and children from the Lord’s Resistance Army, and calls on governments in the region and the international commu-nity to support their demobilization and safe return; 
(8) calls on the Secretary of State, the Sec-
retary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, and the heads of other relevant United States Government agencies to uti-
lize authorized and appropriated funds— 
(A) to continue efforts to enhance intel-
ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance support to the African Union Regional Task Force, and specifically to encourage addi-tional enablers and actionable intelligence to increase the effectiveness of partner oper-ations; 
(B) to work with the United Nations, the 
African Union, and regional government partners to encourage and help non-indicted Lord’s Resistance Army members, abductees, and noncombatants to defect safely from the group through the distribution of aerial leaf-lets, the broadcast of ‘‘come home’’ radio programs, and the continuation of flights utilizing helicopter-based speaker systems over known areas of Lord’s Resistance Army operation; 
(C) to expand efforts to prevent the Lord’s 
Resistance Army from funding its operations through the theft and trade of illicit ivory, gold, and diamonds; and 
(D) to support rehabilitation and re-
integration programs led by nongovern-mental organizations and regional govern-ment partners for children, youth, and adults that have been abducted and indoctri-
nated by the Lord’s Resistance Army; 
(9) commends those members of the United 
States Armed Forces previously or currently deployed to serve in support of Operation Ob-servant Compass for their critical contribu-tions to efforts to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army commanders from the battlefield, protect civilians, and encour-age members of the Lord’s Resistance Army to peacefully defect; and 
(10) urges the President, with input from 
United States Government agencies, re-gional governments, multilateral partners, and nongovernmental organizations, to de-velop a strategy aimed at supporting sus-tainable recovery and security within areas affected by the Lord’s Resistance Army, with existing resources, and in partnership with other donors and multilateral bodies, includ-ing the World Bank, the European Union, and others. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 238—EX-
PRESSING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SENATE THAT THE 60- CALENDAR DAY PERIOD FOR CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF THE NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN DID NOT BEGIN WITH THE TRANSMITTAL OF THE 
AGREEMENT ON JULY 19, 2015, BECAUSE THAT TRANSMITTAL DID NOT INCLUDE ALL MATE-RIALS REQUIRED TO BE TRANS-MITTED PURSUANT TO THE IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CRUZ submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 238 
Whereas section 135(a) of the Atomic En-
ergy Act of 1954, as added by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–17), states that ‘‘Not later than 5 calendar days after reaching an agree-ment with Iran relating to the nuclear pro-gram of Iran, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. . .the agreement, as defined in subsection (h)(1), including all related ma-terials and annexes;’’; 
Whereas, under section 135(h)(1) of such 
Act (as so added), the term ‘‘agreement’’ is defined as ‘‘an agreement related to the nu-clear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or other-wise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint com-prehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, docu-ments, and guidance, technical or other un-derstandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or im-plemented in the future.’’; 
Whereas section 135(b)(1) of such Act (as so 
added) states that ‘‘During the 30-calendar day period following transmittal by the President of an agreement pursuant to sub-section (a), the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives shall, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise obtain information in order to fully review such agreement.’’; Whereas section 135(b)(2) of such Act (as so 
added) states that ‘‘The period for congres-sional review under paragraph (1) shall be 60 calendar days if an agreement, including all materials required to be transmitted to Con-gress pursuant to subsection (a)(1), is trans-mitted pursuant to subsection (a) between July 10, 2015, and September 7, 2015.’’; 
Whereas section 135(b)(3) of such Act (as so 
added) states that ‘‘prior to and during the period for transmission of an agreement in subsection (a)(1) and during the period for congressional review provided in paragraph (1), including any additional period as appli-cable under the exception provided in para-graph (2), the President may not waive, sus-pend, reduce, provide relief from, or other-wise limit the application of statutory sanc-tions with respect to Iran under any provi-sion of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a).’’; 
Whereas the Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action was agreed to on July 14, 2015, by the nations of China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, the United States, and Iran; 
Whereas the Department of State asserted 
that it had transmitted to Congress the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, its an-nexes, and related materials on July 19, 2015; 
Whereas Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas 
and Congressman Mike Pompeo of Kansas were informed by officials from the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency of addi-tional side agreements with Iran that were not included in the Department of State’s transmission to Congress; 
Whereas guidance materials related to 
sanctions relief, sanctions interpretations, and licensing policy described in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action were not in-cluded in the Department of State’s trans-mission to Congress; and 
Whereas the integrity of the proceedings of 
the Senate is compromised by the inability of the Senate and its committees to carry out the review provided under section 135(b)(3) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 be-cause of the absence of all documents re-quired to be transmitted under that section: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the determination of 
the Senate that— 
(1) for purposes of section 135(b)(2) of the 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as added by sec-tion 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–17), the 60-cal-endar day period for congressional review of the agreement with Iran relating to the nu-clear program of Iran did not begin with the transmittal of the agreement on July 19, 2015, because that transmittal did not in-clude all materials required to be trans-mitted under the definition of the term ‘‘agreement’’ under section 135(h)(1) of such Act (as so added), including specifically side agreements with Iran and United States Government-issued guidance materials in re-lation to Iran; and 
(2) the 60-calendar day period for review of 
such agreement in the Senate cannot be con-sidered to have begun until the Majority Leader certifies that all of the materials re-quired to be transmitted under the definition of the term ‘‘agreement’’ under such Act, in-cluding any side agreements with Iran and United States Government-issued guidance materials in relation to Iran, have been transmitted to the Majority Leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.026 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6194 July 30, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 239—COM-
MEMORATING THE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE VIRGINIA IN-STITUTE OF MARINE SCIENCE OF THE COLLEGE OF WILLIAM & MARY 
Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
AR-
NER) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 239 
Whereas the Virginia General Assembly, 
with Professor Donald W. Davis of the Col-lege of William & Mary, envisioned a center for marine research and education in the Commonwealth of Virginia; 
Whereas the Virginia Institute of Marine 
Science (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘VIMS’’), originally known as the Virginia Fisheries Laboratory, began operation in 1940; 
Whereas the early work of VIMS assured 
the future of the fishery industry in Virginia by improving the general knowledge of the resources of fisheries so that they might be properly conserved and managed, and by meeting the need for training in practical marine biology; 
Whereas VIMS is now the home of the 
School of Marine Sciences of the College of William & Mary, a university research and teaching center with a strong element of public service, and is the leading marine cen-ter that focuses on estuarine and coastal en-vironments in the nation; and 
Whereas VIMS continues to serve the Com-
monwealth of Virginia and the United States by advancing the frontiers of marine science and sharing the knowledge gained through research with the users and stewards of the environment and future scientists: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the College of William & 
Mary and the Virginia Institute of Marine Science on the 75th anniversary of the Vir-ginia Institute of Marine Science; and 
(2) expresses appreciation for the 75 years 
of service to the environment by the faculty, staff, and students of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science and the School of Marine Sciences of the College of William & Mary. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, Virginia 
has a proud tradition of academic ex-cellence dating back to Thomas Jeffer-son and a deep appreciation for our beautiful and bountiful coastal waters that predates that. For 75 years, one Virginia academic institution has built a sterling reputation as a national leader in environmental education and a trusted source of information and analysis for generations of policy-makers. The Virginia Institute of Ma-rine Science at the College of William & Mary is celebrating its 75th anniver-sary in 2015. I am proud to join my bi-partisan colleagues Senator M
ARK 
WARNER and Congressman R OBWITT-
MAN in submitting a resolution to com-
memorate this milestone. 
VIMS research has yielded critical 
insights into the water quality of the Chesapeake Bay and its rivers, inform-ing the work of Virginia and other Chesapeake Bay States in striving to reduce pollution while growing outdoor recreation and the economic activity that goes with it. It has produced data and analysis that has contributed to the development of strategies to main-
tain robust oyster and crab popu-lations, particularly through coopera-
tive partnership with Virginia’s com-mercial watermen. It has also devel-oped technology and expertise that al-lows more precise projections than ever before of rates of sea level rise and re-current flooding in the Hampton Roads region. 
Elected officials of both parties and 
at all levels of government in Virginia have benefitted from the expertise and objectivity that this institution brings to environmental policy. I was fortu-nate to have access to this valuable scientific asset as Governor of Vir-ginia, and I continue to consider its thoughtful views on policy issues that come before Congress. 
I congratulate VIMS for 75 years of 
dedication to academic excellence and scientific achievement. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2542. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
SA 2543. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ARPER  
(for himself and Mr. J OHNSON )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential transition. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2542. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Federal-aid high-ways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To author-
ize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 2543. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
CARPER (for himself and Mr. J OHNSON )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1172, to improve the process of presi-dential transition; as follows: 
On page 7, strike lines 11 through 16 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(A) the Federal Transition Coordinator 
and the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget, who shall serve as Co-Chairpersons of the agency transition directors council; 
‘‘(B) other senior employees serving in the 
Executive Office of the President, as deter-mined by the President; 
On page 8, lines 2 and 3, strike ‘‘Federal 
Transition Coordinator’’ and insert ‘‘Co- Chairpersons’’. 
f 
NOTICES OF HEARINGS 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. The Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions will meet during the session of the Senate on August 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorizing the Higher Education Act: Opportunities to Im-prove Student Success.’’ For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jake Baker of the committee staff on (202) 224–8484. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
wish to announce that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions will meet in executive session on Thursday, August 6, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building to mark up S. 799 Pro-tecting Our Infants Act of 2015, S. 1893 Mental Health Awareness and Improve-ment Act of 2015, S. 481 Improving Reg-ulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act, the Nomination of Dr. Karen DeSalvo to be Assistant Sec-retary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, the Dr. Kathryn Matthew to be Director, Insti-tute of Museum and Library Services, the nomination of W. Thomas Reeder, Jr. to be Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and the nomi-nation of Walter Barrows to be Mem-ber, Railroad Retirement Board; as well as any additional nominations cleared for action. 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact the Com-mittee at (202) 224–5375. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 30, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 30, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 30, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctions and the JCPOA.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 30, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.027 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6195 July 30, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 30, 2015, at 12:10 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 30, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of the U.S. Tax Code on the Market for Corporate Control and Jobs.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the 
Senate on July 30, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my State De-partment fellow, Andreea Paulopol, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS 
In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-
ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Pat Roberts: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 714.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 714.00 
Joel Leftwich: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 521.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 521.00 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 1,235.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,235.00 
SENATOR PAT ROBERTS,
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry,
July 15, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Alexander Carnes: 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 396.00 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 18.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 18.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,954.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,954.70 
Paul Grove: 
Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... 660.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 660.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 100.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 100.00 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 18.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 18.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 184.11 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 184.11 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,125.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,125.90 
Adam Yezerski: 
Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... 660.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 660.00 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 100.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 100.00 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 18.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 18.00 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 184.11 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 184.11 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,125.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,125.90 
Tim Rieser: 
Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... 330.00 .................... .................... .................... 600. 00 .................... 930.00 
Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 273.00 .................... 230.00 .................... 445.00 ....... ............. 948.00 
Laos .......................................................................................................... Kip .............. .......................................... .................... 276.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 228.00 .................... 504.00 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 196.00 .................... 190.00 .................... 339.00 ........ ............ 725.00 
Dubai ........................................................................................................ Dirham ............ ...................................... .................... 277.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 277.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,869.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,869.00 
Paul Grove: 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 534.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 534.00 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 500.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 421.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 421.54 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 853.14 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 853.14 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,467.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,467.16 
Adam Yezerski: 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 534.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 534.00 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 500.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 421.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 421.54 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 853.14 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 853.14 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,424.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,424.70 
Heideh Shahmoradi: 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,078.14 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,078.14 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,852.20 .................... . ................... .................... 10,852.20 
Rajat Mathur: 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,078.14 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,078.14 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,852.20 .................... . ................... .................... 10,852.20 
Dabney Hegg: 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,078.17 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,078.17 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,852.20 .................... . ................... .................... 10,852.20 
Senator Bill Cassidy: 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 355.41 .................... .................... .................... 1,189.61 .................... 1,545.02 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 167.54 .................... 167.54 
Senator Richard Durbin: 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 312.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 312.11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.033 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6196 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 742.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 742.00 
Chris Homan: 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 312.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 312.11 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 742.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 742.00 
Senator Thad Cochran: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,062.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,062.00 
Senator Richard Shelby: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,062.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,062.00 
Jeremy Weirich: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,424.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,424.00 
Brian Potts: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,424.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,424.00 
Jacqui Russell: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,424.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,424.00 
Ann Caldwell: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,424.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,424.00 
Kay Webber: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 872.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 872.00 
Senator Patrick Leahy: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,098.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,098.00 
Tim Rieser: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 899.00 .................... .................... .................... 76.00 .................... 975.00 
Kevin McDonald: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 899.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 899.00 
Senator Susan Collins: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 732.00 .................... .................... .................... 181.33 .................... 913.33 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 798.00 .................... 798.00 
Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,200.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,200.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 253.20 .................... 253.20 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,590.00 .................... 2,590.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 9,291.52 .................. .. .................... .................... 9,291.52 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,583.63 .................... 9,583.63 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,806.42 .................... 1,806.42 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 181.33 .................... 181.33 
Delegation Expenses: * 
UAE ........................................................................................................... Dirham ........... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 130.03 .................... 130.03 
Delegation Expense: * 
Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 79.00 .................... 79.00 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,705.83 .................... 2,705.83 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,128.98 .................... 1,128.98 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 40,325.66 .................... 84,435.48 .................... 22,48 2.90 .................... 147,244.04 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,
Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, July 21, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator James M. Inhofe: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 360.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 360.12 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 363.92 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 363.92 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 356.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 356.17 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 498.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 498.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 214.78 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 214.78 
John Bonsell: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 368.10 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 368.10 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 285.48 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 285.48 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 348.82 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 348.82 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 342.92 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 342.92 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 510.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 510.50 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 276.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 276.93 
Anthony Lazarski: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 339.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 339.73 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 287.76 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 287.76 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 335.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 335.94 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 497.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 497.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 274.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 274.93 
Mark Powers: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 339.37 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 339.37 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 253.41 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 253.41 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 351.07 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 351.07 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 321.07 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 321.07 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 498.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 498.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 297.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 297.68 
Luke Holland: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 342.26 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 342.26 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 255.48 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 255.48 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 394.83 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 394.83 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 321.77 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 321.77 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 518.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 518.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 254.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 254.93 
Joel Starr: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 333.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 333.72 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 284.23 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 284.23 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 351.07 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 351.07 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 321.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 321.17 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 497.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 497.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 274.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 274.93 
Senator Mike Rounds: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 328.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 328.72 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6197 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 235.48 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 235.48 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 321.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 321.17 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 498.97 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 498.97 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 201.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 201.93 
Daniel Adelstein 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 248.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 248.92 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 287.23 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 287.23 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 321.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 321.17 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 497.25 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 497.25 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 254.93 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 254.93 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,305.40 .................... 1,305.40 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 584.10 .................... 584.10 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,081.85 .................... 4,081.85 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,645.65 .................... 2,645.65 
Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,152.40 .................... . ................... .................... 2,152.40 
Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 256.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 256.20 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 308.94 .................... 1 ,392.00 .................... 1,700.94 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 503.69 .................... 503.69 
Senator Dan Sullivan:  
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 172.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.00 
David Eric Sayers: 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 107.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 107.00 
Paul O. Feather:  
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 200.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 200.00 
Jason Suslavich: 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 248.96 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 248.96 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,087.41 .................. .. 4,497.09 .................... 5,584.50 
Kathryn Wheelbarger: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,810.60 .................... . ................... .................... 18,810.60 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 421.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 421.78 
Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 660.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 660.01 
Adam Barker: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,810.60 .................... . ................... .................... 18,810.60 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 395.96 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 395.96 
Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 589.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 589.00 
Michael Kuiken: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,810.60 .................... . ................... .................... 18,810.60 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 457.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 457.65 
Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 562.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 562.31 
Delegation Expenses: * 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,616.66 .................... 1,616.66 
Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 350.00 .................... 350.00 
Jonathan Epstein: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,492.00 .................... . ................... .................... 15,492.00 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 190.83 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 190.83 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 183.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 183.01 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 648.11 .................... 648.11 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 237.05 .................... 237.05 
Thomas Goffus: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,426.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,426.40 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 643.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 643.00 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 499.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 499.00 
Dustin Walker: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,336.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,336.40 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 699.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 699.84 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 454.15 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 454.15 
William Monahan: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,336.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,336.40 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 673.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 673.84 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 474.15 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 474.15 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,737.70 ................... . 194.63 .................... 2,932.33 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 827.52 .................... 827.52 
Senator Bill Nelson: 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 624.20 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 624.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,227.80 .................... 1,227.80 
Senator Kristin Gillibrand: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 250.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.30 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 337.67 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 337.67 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 668.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 668.00 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 321.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 321.00 
Moran Banai: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 179.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 179.19 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 306.64 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 306.64 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 686.37 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 686.37 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 240.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 240.09 
Jess Fassler: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 250.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.30 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 337.67 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 337.67 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 668.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 668.00 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 321.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 321.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 414.00 .................... .................... .................... 414.00 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 321.23 .................... 321.23 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 954.30 .................... 954.30 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 645.27 .................... 645.27 
Senator Roger F. Wicker: 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,266.18 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,266.18 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 444.53 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 444.53 
Delegation Expenses: * 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 852.80 .................... 1,180.62 .................... 2,033.42 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,111.86 .................... 19 4.71 .................... 1,306.57 
Senator John McCain: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,776.00 .................... . ................... .................... 14,776.00 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 434.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 434.53 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 813.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 813.98 
Christian Brose: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,776.00 .................... . ................... .................... 14,776.00 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 583.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 583.78 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 813.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 813.98 
David Eric Sayers: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,776.00 .................... . ................... .................... 14,776.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6198 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 456.38 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 456.38 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,087.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,087.81 
Senator Jack Reed: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,193.50 .................... . ................... .................... 14,193.50 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 372.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 372.44 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 796.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 796.19 
Ozge Guzelsu: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,063.40 .................... . ................... .................... 18,063.40 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 513.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 513.78 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 763.98 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 763.98 
Senator Mazie Hirono: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,036,50 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,036.50 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 748.13 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 748.13 
Senator Joni Ernst: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,779.95 .................... . ................... .................... 14,779.95 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 284.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 284.00 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 106.95 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 106.95 
Senator Dan Sullivan: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,279.90 .................... . ................... .................... 13,279.90 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 372.44 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 372.44 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 840.10 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 840.10 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,542.97 .................... 3,542.97 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,627.24 .................... 2,627.24 
Senator Lindsey Graham: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 25,445.66 .................... . ................... .................... 25,445.66 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 50.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 50.59 
Matthew Rimkunas: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,307.56 .................... . ................... .................... 12,307.56 
Dubai ........................................................................................................ Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 109.05 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 109.05 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 103.15 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 103.15 
Craig Abele: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,333.60 .................... . ................... .................... 12,333.60 
Dubai ........................................................................................................ Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 109.09 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 109.09 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 137.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 137.75 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Dubai ........................................................................................................ Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,230.33 .................... 1,230.33 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 6,596.05 .................... 6,596.05 
Senator Deb Fischer: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 284.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 284.22 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 218.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 218.32 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 331.66 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 331.66 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 227.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 227.09 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 141.10 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 141.10 
Peter Schirtzinger: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 260.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 260.28 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 207.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 207.49 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 334.64 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 334.64 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 220.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 220.27 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 147.24 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 147.24 
Joseph Hack: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 285.08 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 285.08 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 231.23 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 231.23 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 330.10 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 330.10 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 230.42 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 230.42 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 156.23 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 156.23 
Senator Jeff Sessions: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 332.38 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 332.38 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 289.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 289.86 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 432.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 432.00 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 293.75 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 293.75 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 223.25 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 223.25 
Sandra Luff: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 331.97 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 331.97 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 273.40 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 273.40 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 425.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 425.00 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 272.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 272.53 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 217.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 217.29 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 443.42 .................... .. .................. .................... 443.42 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,084.14 .................... 1,084.14 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... 442.35 .................... ........ ............ .................... 442.35 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 855.63 .................... 855.63 
Daniel Lerner: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,301.14 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,301.14 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 660.43 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 660.43 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 669.08 .................... 669.08 
Senator James M. Inhofe: 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 3,617.83 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,617.83 
Anthony Lazarski: 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 2,964.34 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,964.34 
Senator Jeff Sessions: 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 3,678.36 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,678.36 
Sandra Luff: 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 3,232.18 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,232.18 
Delegation Expenses: * 
France ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 5,309.45 .................. .. 4,986.18 .................... 10,295.63 
Senator John McCain: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,841.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,841.20 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 240.59 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 240.59 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 301.91 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 301.91 
Elizabeth O’Bagy: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,222.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,222.20 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 316.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 316.43 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 284.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 284.82 
Senator Tom Cotton: 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 274.81 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 274.81 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 280.44 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 280.44 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 9,891.03 .................... 9,891.03 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,474.27 .................... 1,474.27 
Senator Bill Nelson: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,617.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,617.70 
Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 322.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 322.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6199 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 62,091.78 .................... 315,446.42 .................... 56,8 08.02 .................... 434,346.22 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutual  Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, July 24, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Sherrod Brown: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 150.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 150.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 330.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 330.00 
Mark Powden: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 89.70 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 89.70 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 219.42 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 219.42 
Senator Richard Shelby: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 2,549.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,549.65 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,687.46 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,687.46 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,679.30 .................... . ................... .................... 12,679.30 
Christopher Ford: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 2,549.65 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,549.65 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,591.94 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,591.94 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,679.30 .................... . ................... .................... 12,679.30 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 11,167.82 .................... 25,358.60 .................... ...... .............. .................... 36,526.42 
SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY,
Chairman, Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,
June 18, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Jeffrey Farrah: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,123.53 .................... . ................... .................... 11,123.53 
Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 462.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 462.22 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 462.22 .................... 11,123.53 .................... ........ ............ .................... 11,585.75 
SENATOR JOHN THUNE,
Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation,
July 29, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Maria Cantwell: 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 320.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 320.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,679.60 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,679.60 
Rosemary Gutierrez: 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 510.26 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 510.26 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,872.10 .................... . ................... .................... 11,872.10 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 620.00 .................... 620.00 
Senator Dean Heller: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 895.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 895.69 
Edgar Abrams: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 581.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 581.69 
Tyler Brace: 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,448.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,448.24 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,423.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,423.80 
Delegation Expenses:* 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 492.56 .................... 492.56 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,755.88 .................... 29,975.50 .................... 1,112. 56 .................... 34,843.94 
* Delegation expenses include transportation and other official expenses in accordance with the responsibilites of the host coun try. 
SENATOR ORRIN G. HATCH,
Chairman, Committee on Finance, July 20, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6200 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 6 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator John Barrasso: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 290.37 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 290.37 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 211.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 211.30 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 330.11 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 330.11 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 228.95 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 228.95 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 139.56 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 139.56 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 173.81 .................... 173.81 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 88.47 .................... 88.47 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 80.37 .................... 80.37 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 16.76 .................... 16.76 
Senator John Barrasso: 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 240.59 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 240.59 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 265.66 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 265.66 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,257.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,257.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,675.14 .................... 2,675.14 
Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 495.46 .................... 495.46 
Senator Ben Cardin: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,607.83 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,607.83 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 372.63 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 372.63 
Debbie Yamada: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,656.49 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,656.49 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 337.13 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 337.13 
Delegation Expenses: * 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,463.20 .................... 2,463.20 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,643.65 .................... 1,643.65 
Senator Ben Cardin: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 905.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 905.00 
Brandon Yoder: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 670.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 670.94 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,204.28 .................... 1,204.28 
Senator Christopher Coons: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 252.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 252.31 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Central African Fr anc .......................... .................... 335.34 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 335.34 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 764.08 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 764.08 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... West African Franc . ............................. .................... 418.97 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 418.97 
Thomas Mancinelli: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 244.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 244.31 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Central African Fr anc .......................... .................... 317.43 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 317.43 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 708.66 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 708.66 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... West African Franc . ............................. .................... 465.04 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 465.04 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 140.00 .................... 140.00 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Central African Fr anc .......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 214.15 .................... 214.15 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 636.20 .................... 636.20 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... West African Franc . ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 430.18 .................... 430.18 
Senator Jeff Flake: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 684.58 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 684.58 
Chandler Morse: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 641.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 641.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 362.66 .................... 362.66 
Senator Jeanne Shaheen: 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zlotych ........... ....................................... .................... 150.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 150.11 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... 122.89 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 122.89 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,339.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,339.30 
Joshua Lucas: 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zlotych ........... ....................................... .................... 150.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 150.11 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... 124.46 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 124.46 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,339.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,339.30 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Poland ....................................................................................................... Zlotych ........... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 349.46 .................... 349.46 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 901.42 .................... 901.42 
Senator Tom Udall: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 2,265.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,265.00 
Matthew Padilla: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 1,830.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,830.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,274.85 .................... 1,274.85 
Brooke Eisele: 
Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 592.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 592.00 
Algeria ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 668.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 668.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,045.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,045.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 690.00 .................... 690.00 
Heather Flynn: 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 1,728.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,728.00 
South Sudan ............................................................................................. Pound .................. ................................. .................... 115.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 115.00 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 1,870.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,870.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,328.82 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,328.82 
Charlotte Oldham Moore: 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 1,728.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,728.00 
South Sudan ............................................................................................. Pound .................. ................................. .................... 115.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 115.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,328.82 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,328.82 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,901.06 .................... 3,901.06 
Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 24.18 .................... 24.18 
Carolyn Leddy: 
Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,008.72 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,008.72 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 419.90 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 419.90 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 734.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 734.50 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,787.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,787.30 
Igor Krestin: 
Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 858.36 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 858.36 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 527.41 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 527.41 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 840.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 840.07 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,063.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,063.30 
Michael Schiffer: 
Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 834.34 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 834.34 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 518.94 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 518.94 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 555.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 555.31 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,878.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,878.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 462.31 .................... 462.31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6201 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 6 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,239.29 .................... 1,239.29 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 803.46 .................... 803.46 
Carolyn Leddy: 
China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 811.76 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 811.76 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 548.30 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 548.30 
Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 567.18 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 567.18 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,043.60 .................... . ................... .................... 11,043.60 
Jaime Fly: 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,119.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,119.12 
Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 592.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 592.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,569.90 .................... . ................... .................... 14,569.90 
Delegation Expenses: * 
China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 467.00 .................... 467.00 
Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 309.00 .................... 309.00 
Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 218.29 .................... 218.29 
Caleb McCarry: 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 322.32 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 322.32 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 427.40 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 427.40 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 421.53 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 421.53 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,251.40 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,251.40 
Sarah Ramig: 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 237.49 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 237.49 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 396.59 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 396.59 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 237.61 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 237.61 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,199.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,199.20 
Brandon Yoder: 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 487.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 487.00 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 396.40 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 396.40 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 411.20 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 411.20 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,094.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,094.30 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 456.95 .................... 456.95 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 482.43 .................... 482.43 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 513.85 .................... 513.85 
Damian Murphy: 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... 254.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 254.00 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 500.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 500.44 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,188.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,188.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,016.14 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,016.14 
John Rader: 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... 254.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 254.00 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 500.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 500.44 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,188.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,188.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,016.14 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,016.14 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Lati ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 208.28 .................... 208.28 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,419.72 .................... 1,419.72 
Stacie Oliver: 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 437.60 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 437.60 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 270.99 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 270.99 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 553.13 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 553.13 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,935.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,935.80 
David Kinzler: 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 473.61 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 473.61 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 357.60 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 357.60 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 589.30 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 589.30 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,935.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,935.80 
Delegation Expenses: * 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 232.90 .................... 232.90 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 259.70 .................... 259.70 
Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 225.28 .................... 225.28 
Andrew Olson: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 653.74 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 653.74 
Switzerland ............................................................................................... Franc ................ .................................... .................... 1,392.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,392.73 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,255.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,255.50 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,194.11 .................... 1,194.11 
Michael Schiffer: 
China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,152.60 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,152.60 
Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 445.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 445.00 
Thailand .................................................................................................... Bhat ............... ....................................... .................... 358.21 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 358.21 
Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 3,007.03 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,007.03 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,459.90 .................... . ................... .................... 16,459.90 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Thailand .................................................................................................... Bhat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 270.52 .................... 270.52 
Lowell Schwartz: 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 839.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 839.82 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 328.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 328.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,224.90 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,224.90 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 51,564.54 .................... 130,370.02 .................... 26,5 28.39 .................... 208,462.95 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR BOB CORKER,
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, July 21, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Mary Sumpter Lapinski: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,094.00 .................... . ................... .................... 11,094.00 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 790.07 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 790.07 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,506.42 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,506.42 
Grace Stuntz: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,094.00 .................... . ................... .................... 11,094.00 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 772.07 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 772.07 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6202 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,525.18 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,525.18 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 263.78 .................... 263.78 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,731.43 .................... 1,731.43 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,593.74 .................... 22,188.00 .................... 1,995. 21 .................... 28,776.95 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER,
Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, Labor,
and Pensions, July 17, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APRIL 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Christopher Joyner ............................................................................................. Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 301.59 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 301.59 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 374.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 271.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 300.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 300.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60  .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60 
Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 301.59 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 301.59 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 374.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 271.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 300.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 300.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60  .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60 
Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 301.59 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 301.59 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 374.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 271.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 300.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 300.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60  .................... .................... .................... 13,284.60 
Michael Pevzner ................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 301.59 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 301.59 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 374.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 271.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,274.60  .................... .................... .................... 13,274.60 
Tressa Guenov ................................................................................................... Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 496.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 496.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 125.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 410.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 410.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 164.00 
Brian Miller ........................................................................................................ Dollar ..... ............................................... .................... 496.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 496.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 125.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 410.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 410.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 164.00 
Emily Harding .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 496.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 496.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 125.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 410.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 410.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 164.00 
James Catella .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 496.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 496.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 125.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 140.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 140.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 164.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 164.00 
John Matchison .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 194.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 194.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 169.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 169.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,820.70  .................... .................... .................... 14,820.70 
Christian Cook ................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 446.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 446.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 194.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 194.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 169.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 169.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,311.60  .................... .................... .................... 19,311.60 
Jennifer Barrett .................................................................................................. Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 446.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 446.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 194.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 194.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 169.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 169.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,311.60  .................... .................... .................... 19,311.60 
Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 289.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 289.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 336.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 336.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,850.62 .................... .................... .................... 7,850.62 
Nick Basciano .................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 289.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 289.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 336.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 336.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,850.62 .................... .................... .................... 7,850.62 
Walter Weiss ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 130.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 130.00 
Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... Dollar ........ ............................................ .................... 326.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 326.00 
Hayden Milberg .................................................................................................. Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 278.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 278.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 
Tom Hawkins ..................................................................................................... Dollar ......... ........................................... .................... 278.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 278.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 
Paul Matulic ...................................................................................................... Dollar ....... ............................................. .................... 278.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 278.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... 282.00 .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... 282.00 
Dollar .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,394.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 14,563.36 .................... 147,455.54 .................... .... ................ .................... 162,018.90 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR,
Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, July 28, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Rob Portman: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,623.80 .................... . ................... .................... 16,623.80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6203 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 251.85 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 251.85 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 213.41 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 213.41 
Brent Bombach: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,668.70 .................... . ................... .................... 14,668.70 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 251.85 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 251.85 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 209.41 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 209.41 
Senator Rob Portman: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,811.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,811.36 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,270.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,270.00 
Brent Bombach: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,811.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,811.36 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,490.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,490.00 
Mark Isakowitz: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,811.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,811.36 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,409.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,409.00 
Senator Tammy Baldwin: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 169.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 169.49 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 256.86 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 256.86 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 759.19 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 759.19 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 240.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 240.19 
Senator Gary Peters: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 179.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 179.19 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 280.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 280.24 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 801.78 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 801.78 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 296.95 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 296.95 
Jeremy Steslicki: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 175.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 175.55 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 262.92 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 262.92 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 765.25 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 765.25 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 246.25 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 246.25 
Edward Jordan Wells: 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 179.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 179.19 
Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 306.64 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 306.64 
Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 813.58 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 813.58 
Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 226.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 226.09 
Jose Bautista: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,059.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,059.30 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 388.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 388.00 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 396.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 396.50 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 370.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 370.00 
Brooke Ericson: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,482.83 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,482.83 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 376.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 376.00 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 348.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 348.00 
Stephen Vina: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,097.70 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,097.70 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 395.63 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 395.63 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 370.07 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 370.07 
Holly Idelson: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,199.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,199.20 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 359.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 359.00 
El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 345.88 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 345.88 
Guatemala ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 336.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 336.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 134.02 .................... 134.02 
Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,387.07 .................... 1,387.07 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 17,360.89 .................... 17,360.89 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 14,739.96 .................... 65,565.61 .................... 18,88 1.98 .................... 99,187.55 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON,
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs 
July 23, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Al Franken: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,278.15 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,278.15 
Casey Aden-Wansbury: 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,202.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,202.00 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,231.00 .................... 2,231.00 
Senator John Cornyn: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 270.37 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 270.37 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 224.70 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 224.70 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 305.49 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 305.49 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 231.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 231.01 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 33.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 33.56 
Russell Thomasson: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 281.32 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 281.32 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 190.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 190.17 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 326.47 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 326.47 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 272.50 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 272.50 
Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 83.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 83.20 
Delegation Expenses: * 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 347.64 .................... 347.64 
Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 175.94 .................... 175.94 
Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 160.75 .................... 160.75 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,698.94 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,915.33 .................... 7,614.27 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, July 28, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6204 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
David Killion: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 359.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 359.37 
Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 439.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 439.24 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 975.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 975.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,350.60 .................... . ................... .................... 11,350.60 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 776.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 776.00 
China ........................................................................................................ Renembi ........... .................................... .................... 507.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 507.00 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,982.80 .................... . ................... .................... 12,982.80 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,056.61 .................... 24,333.40 .................... ...... .............. .................... 27,390.01 
SENATOR ROGER F. WICKER,
Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation
in Europe, July 14, 2015. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM MAR. 27 TO APR. 4, 2015 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
Senator Mitch McConnell: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 181.05 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 181.05 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 75.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 75.00 
Senator Shelley Moore Capito: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 190.47 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 190.47 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Senator Cory Gardner: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 180.61 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 180.61 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 417.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 417.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Senator Steve Daines: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 187.31 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 187.31 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Senator David Perdue: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 237.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 237.00 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Senator Thom Tillis: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 179.96 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 179.96 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 417.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 417.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Senator Ben Sasse: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 185.61 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 185.61 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Brian Monahan: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 197.82 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 197.82 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 169.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 169.00 
Thomas Hawkins: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 203.46 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 203.46 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,650.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,711.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 417.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 417.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 169.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 169.00 
Stefanie Muchow: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 193.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 193.94 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 500.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 561.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6205 July 30, 2015 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 
U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM MAR. 27 TO APR. 4, 2015—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total 
Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Philip Maxson: 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 150.11 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 150.11 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 460.00 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 528.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 528.82 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 500.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 561.00 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 317.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 317.79 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 56.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 56.00 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 69.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 69.00 
Delegation Expenses:* 
Ireland ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 276.64 .................... 276.64 
Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 10,642.10 .................... 10,642.10 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,483.37 .................... 3,483.37 
Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 122.80 .................... 122.80 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,002.78 .................... 1,002.78 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 122.80 .................... 122.80 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 19,012.05 .................... 15,850.00 .................... 15,650 .49 .................... 50,512.54 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 
1977. 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,
Majority Leader, May 22, 2015. h 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the title amendment, which is at the desk, to H.R. 22 be considered and agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2542) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To author-
ize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
EDWARD ‘‘TED’’ KAUFMAN AND 
MICHAEL LEAVITT PRESI-DENTIAL TRANSITIONS IM-PROVEMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 166, S. 1172. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1172) to improve the process of 
presidential transition. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: 
(The parts intended to be inserted in 
the bill are shown in italic.) 
S. 1172 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ Edward ‘Ted’ 
Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presidential 
Transitions Improvements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION IMPROVE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Presidential Transi-
tion Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating sections 4, 5, and 6 as 
sections 5, 6, and 7, respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after section 3 the fol-
lowing: ‘‘SEC. 4. TRANSITION SERVICES AND ACTIVITIES 
BEFORE ELECTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘Administrator’ means the 
Administrator of General Services; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency’ means an Executive 
agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘eligible candidate’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3(h)(4); and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Presidential election’ means 
a general election held to determine the electors of President and Vice President under section 1 or 2 of title 3, United States Code. 
‘‘(b) G
ENERAL DUTIES .—The President shall 
take such actions as the President deter-mines necessary and appropriate to plan and coordinate activities by the Executive branch of the Federal Government to facili-tate an efficient transfer of power to a suc-cessor President, including by— 
‘‘(1) establishing and operating a White 
House transition coordinating council in ac-cordance with subsection (d); and 
‘‘(2) establishing and operating an agency 
transition directors council in accordance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(c) F
EDERAL TRANSITION COORDINATOR .— 
The Administrator shall designate an em-ployee of the General Services Administra-tion who is a senior career appointee to— 
‘‘(1) carry out the duties and authorities of 
the General Services Administration relat-ing to Presidential transitions under this Act or any other provision of law; 
‘‘(2) serve as the Federal Transition Coor-
dinator with responsibility for coordinating transition planning across agencies, includ-ing through the agency transition directors council established under subsection (e); 
‘‘(3) ensure agencies comply with all statu-
tory requirements relating to transition planning and reporting; and 
‘‘(4) act as a liaison to eligible candidates. 
‘‘(d) W
HITE HOUSE TRANSITION COORDI -
NATING COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 
months before the date of a Presidential election, the President shall establish a White House transition coordinating council for purposes of facilitating the Presidential transition. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The White House transition 
coordinating council shall— 
‘‘(A) provide guidance to agencies and the 
Federal Transition Coordinator regarding preparations for the Presidential transition, including succession planning and prepara-
tion of briefing materials; 
‘‘(B) facilitate communication and infor-
mation sharing between the transition rep-resentatives of eligible candidates and senior employees in agencies and the Executive Of-fice of the President; and 
‘‘(C) prepare and host interagency emer-
gency preparedness and response exercises. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the 
White House transition coordinating council shall include— 
‘‘(A) senior employees of the Executive 
branch selected by the President, which may include the Chief of Staff to the President, any Cabinet officer, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, the Admin-istrator, the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, the Director of the Of-fice of Government Ethics, and the Archivist of the United States; 
‘‘(B) the Federal Transition Coordinator; ‘‘(C) the transition representative for each 
eligible candidate, who shall serve in an ad-visory capacity; and 
‘‘(D) any other individual the President de-
termines appropriate. 
‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the 
White House transition coordinating council shall be a senior employee in the Executive Office of the President, designated by the President. 
‘‘(e) A
GENCY TRANSITION DIRECTORS COUN-
CIL.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish and operate an agency transition di-rectors council, which shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
an integrated strategy for addressing inter-agency challenges and responsibilities around Presidential transitions and turnover of noncareer appointees; 
‘‘(B) coordinate transition activities be-
tween the Executive Office of the President, agencies, and the transition team of eligible candidates and the President-elect and Vice- President-elect; and 
‘‘(C) draw on guidance provided by the 
White House transition coordinating council and lessons learned from previous Presi-dential transitions in carrying out its duties. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—As part of carrying out the 
responsibilities under paragraph (1), the agency transition directors council shall— 
‘‘(A) assist the Federal Transition Coordi-
nator in identifying and carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the Federal Transition Coor-dinator relating to a Presidential transition; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.034 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6206 July 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) provide guidance to agencies in gath-
ering briefing materials and information re-lating to the Presidential transition that may be requested by eligible candidates; 
‘‘(C) ensure materials and information de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) are prepared not later than November 1 of a year during which a Presidential election is held; 
‘‘(D) ensure agencies adequately prepare 
career employees who are designated to fill non-career positions under subsection (f) during a Presidential transition; and 
‘‘(E) consult with the President’s Manage-
ment Council, or any successor thereto, in carrying out the duties of the agency transi-tion directors council. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the 
agency transition directors council shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) the Federal Transition Coordinator, 
who shall serve as Chairperson of the agency transition directors council; 
‘‘(B) a senior employee serving in the Exec-
utive Office of the President, who shall be appointed by the President; 
‘‘(C) a senior representative from each 
agency described in section 901(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, the Office of Per-sonnel Management, the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, and the National Archives and Records Administration whose responsibil-ities include leading Presidential transition efforts within the agency; 
‘‘(D) a senior representative from any 
other agency determined by the Federal Transition Coordinator to be an agency that has significant responsibilities relating to the Presidential transition process; and 
‘‘(E) during a year during which a Presi-
dential election will be held, a transition representative for each eligible candidate, who shall serve in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The agency transition di-
rectors council shall meet— 
‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), not less 
than once per year; and 
‘‘(B) during the period beginning on the 
date that is 6 months before a Presidential election and ending on the date on which the President-elect is inaugurated, on a regular basis as necessary to carry out the duties and authorities of the agency transition di-rectors council. 
‘‘(f) I
NTERIM AGENCY LEADERSHIP FOR  
TRANSITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) O VERSIGHT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  
TRANSITION .—Not later than 6 months before 
the date of a Presidential election, the head of each agency shall designate a senior ca-reer employee of the agency and a senior ca-reer employee of each major component and subcomponent of the agency to oversee and implement the activities of the agency, com-ponent, or subcomponent relating to the Presidential transition. 
‘‘(2) A
CTING OFFICERS .—Not later than Sep-
tember 15 of a year during which a Presi-dential election occurs, and in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, for each noncareer posi-tion in an agency that the head of the agen-cy determines is critical, the head of the agency shall designate a qualified career em-ployee to serve in the position in an acting capacity if the position becomes vacant. 
‘‘(g) M
EMORANDUMS OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
1 of a year during which a Presidential elec-tion occurs, the President (acting through the Federal Transition Coordinator) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, negotiate a memorandum of understanding with the transition representative of each eligible candidate, which shall include, at a min-imum, the conditions of access to employees, facilities, and documents of agencies by transition staff. ‘‘(2) E
XISTING RESOURCES .—To the max-
imum extent practicable, the memorandums of understanding negotiated under paragraph (1) shall be based on memorandums of under-standing from previous Presidential transi-tions. 
‘‘(h) E
QUITY IN ASSISTANCE .—Any informa-
tion or other assistance provided to eligible candidates under this section shall be offered on an equal basis and without regard to po-litical affiliation. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President, acting 
through the Federal Transition Coordinator, shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate reports describing the activities undertaken by the President and agencies to prepare for the transfer of power to a new President. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The reports under paragraph 
(1) shall be provided 6 months and 3 months before the date of a Presidential election.’’. 
(b) O
THER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 3 of the 
Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and during the term of a 
President’’ after ‘‘during the transition’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘after inauguration’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
Executive agencies (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code)’’ before the pe-riod; and 
(B) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘includ-
ing, to the greatest extent practicable, human resource management system soft-ware compatible with the software used by the incumbent President and likely to be used by the President-elect and Vice Presi-dent-elect’’ before the period; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘30 
days’’ and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; 
(3) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘except 
for activities under subsection (a)(8)(A),’’ be-fore ‘‘there shall be no’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h)(2), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(D) An eligible candidate shall have a 
right to the services and facilities described in this paragraph until the date on which the Administrator is able to determine the ap-parent successful candidates for the office of President and Vice President.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 3 of the Pre-Election Presi-
dential Transition Act of 2010 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is repealed. 
(2) The Presidential Transition Act of 1963 
(3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended— 
(A) in section 3— (i) in subsection (a)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 6’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7’’; 
(ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 3 of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and 
(iii) in subsection (h)(3)(B)(iii), by striking 
‘‘section 5’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 6’’; 
(B) in section 6, as redesignated by sub-
section (a) of this section, by striking ‘‘sec-tion 6(a)(1)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 7(a)(1)’’; and 
(C) in section (7)(a)(2), as redesignated by 
subsection (a) of this section, by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
(3) Section 8331(1)(K) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. (4) Section 8701(a)(10) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
(5) Section 8901(1)(I) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL ARCHIVES PRESIDENTIAL 
TRANSITION. 
Section 2203(g) of title 44, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) When the President considers it prac-
ticable and in the public interest, the Presi-dent shall include in the President’s budget transmitted to Congress, for each fiscal year in which the term of office of the President will expire, such funds as may be necessary for carrying out the authorities of this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTS ON POLITICAL APPOINTEES AP-
POINTED TO NONPOLITICAL PERMA-NENT POSITIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given 
the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ in section 105 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered civil service position’’ 
means a position in the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code) that is not— 
(A) a temporary position; or (B) a political position; (3) the term ‘‘former political appointee’’ 
means an individual who— 
(A) is not serving in an appointment to a po-
litical position; and 
(B) served as a political appointee during the 
5-year period ending on the date of the request for an appointment to a covered civil service po-sition in any agency; 
(4) the term ‘‘political appointee’’ means an 
individual serving in an appointment to a polit-ical position; and 
(5) the term ‘‘political position’’ means— (A) a position described under sections 5312 
through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (re-lating to the Executive Schedule); 
(B) a noncareer appointment in the Senior Ex-
ecutive Service, as defined under paragraph (7) of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or 
(C) a position in the executive branch of the 
Government of a confidential or policy-deter-mining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(b) R
EPORTING ON CURRENT OR RECENT POLIT-
ICAL APPOINTEES APPOINTED TO COVERED CIVIL 
SERVICE POSITIONS .—The Director of the Office 
of Personnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a quarterly report re-garding requests by agencies to appoint political appointees or former political appointees to cov-ered civil service positions, which shall— 
(1) for each request by an agency that a polit-
ical appointee be appointed to a covered civil service position during the period covered by the quarterly report, provide— 
(A) the date on which the request was re-
ceived by the Office of Personnel Management; 
(B) subject to subsection (c), the name of the 
individual and the political position held by the individual, including title, office, and agency; 
(C) the date on which the individual was first 
appointed to a political position in the agency in which the individual is serving as a political appointee; 
(D) the grade and rate of basic pay for the in-
dividual as a political appointee; 
(E) the proposed covered civil service position, 
including title, office, and agency, and the pro-posed grade and rate of basic pay for the indi-vidual; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.038 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6207 July 30, 2015 
(F) whether the Office of Personnel Manage-
ment approved or denied the request; and 
(G) the date on which the individual was ap-
pointed to a covered civil service position, if ap-plicable; and 
(2) for each request by an agency that a 
former political appointee be appointed to a cov-ered civil service position during the period cov-ered by the quarterly report, provide— 
(A) the date on which the request was re-
ceived by the Office of Personnel Management; 
(B) subject to subsection (c), the name of the 
individual and the political position held by the individual, including title, office, and agency; 
(C) the date on which the individual was first 
appointed to any political position; 
(D) the grade and rate of basic pay for the in-
dividual as a political appointee; 
(E) the date on which the individual ceased to 
serve in a political position; 
(F) the proposed covered civil service position, 
including title, office, and agency, and the pro-posed grade and rate of basic pay for the indi-vidual; 
(G) whether the Office of Personnel Manage-
ment approved or denied the request; and 
(H) the date on which the individual was first 
appointed to a covered civil service position, if applicable. 
(c) N
AMES AND TITLES OF CERTAIN AP-
POINTEES .—If determined appropriate by the Di-
rector of the Office of Personnel Management, a report submitted under subsection (b) may ex-clude the name or title of a political appointee or former political appointee— 
(1) who— (A) was requested to be appointed to a covered 
civil service position; and 
(B) was not appointed to a covered civil serv-
ice position; or 
(2) relating to whom a request to be appointed 
to a covered civil service position is pending at the end of the period covered by that report. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON REGULATIONS PROMUL-
GATED NEAR THE END OF PRESI-DENTIAL TERMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered presidential transition 
period’’ means— 
(A) the 120-day period ending on January 20, 
1993. 
(B) the 120-day period ending on January 20, 
2001; 
(C) the 120-day period ending on January 20, 
2009; and 
(D) the 120-day period ending on January 20, 
2017; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered regulation’’ means a 
final regulation promulgated by an Executive department; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Executive department’’ has the 
meaning given that term under section 101 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report regarding covered regu-lations promulgated during the covered presi-dential transition periods described in subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1). 
(2) N
EXT PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION .—The 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives a report re-garding covered regulations promulgated during the covered presidential transition period de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(D). 
(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—The reports re-
quired under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, for each covered presidential transition period cov-ered by the report— 
(A) compare the number, scope, and cost (if 
possible) of, and type of rulemaking procedure used for, covered regulations promulgated dur-
ing the covered presidential transition period to the number, scope, and cost of, and type of rule-making procedure used for, covered regulations promulgated during the 120-day periods ending on January 20 of each year after 1988, other than 1993, 2001, and 2009; 
(B) determine the statistical significance of 
any differences identified under subparagraph (A) and whether and to what extent such dif-ferences indicate any patterns; 
(C) evaluate the size, scope, and effect of the 
covered regulations promulgated during the cov-ered presidential transition period; and 
(D) assess the extent to which the regularly 
required processes for the promulgation of cov-ered regulations were followed during the cov-ered presidential transition period, including compliance with the requirements under— 
(i) chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Congressional Review Act’’); 
(ii) the Small Business Regulatory Enforce-
ment Fairness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note); 
(iii) chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexi-bility Act’’); and 
(iv) chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’). 
SEC. 6. ANALYSIS OF THREATS AND 
VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 15, 
2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report analyzing the threats and vulnerabilities facing the United States during a presidential transition, which— 
(1) shall identify and discuss vulnerabilities 
related to border security and threats related to terrorism, including from weapons of mass de-struction; 
(2) shall identify steps being taken to address 
the threats and vulnerabilities during a presi-dential transition; and 
(3) may include recommendations for actions 
by components and agencies within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-
section (a) shall be prepared in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to; the Carper amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendments 
were agreed to. 
The amendment (No. 2543) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
On page 7, strike lines 11 through 16 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(A) the Federal Transition Coordinator 
and the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget, who shall serve as Co-Chairpersons of the agency transition directors council; 
‘‘(B) other senior employees serving in the 
Executive Office of the President, as deter-mined by the President; 
On page 8, lines 2 and 3, strike ‘‘Federal 
Transition Coordinator’’ and insert ‘‘Co- Chairpersons’’. 
The bill (S. 1172), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 1172 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Edward 
‘Ted’ Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presi-dential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION IMPROVE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Presidential Transi-
tion Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating sections 4, 5, and 6 as 
sections 5, 6, and 7, respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after section 3 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 4. TRANSITION SERVICES AND ACTIVITIES 
BEFORE ELECTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘Administrator’ means the 
Administrator of General Services; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency’ means an Executive 
agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘eligible candidate’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 3(h)(4); and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Presidential election’ means 
a general election held to determine the electors of President and Vice President under section 1 or 2 of title 3, United States Code. 
‘‘(b) G
ENERAL DUTIES .—The President shall 
take such actions as the President deter-mines necessary and appropriate to plan and coordinate activities by the Executive branch of the Federal Government to facili-tate an efficient transfer of power to a suc-cessor President, including by— 
‘‘(1) establishing and operating a White 
House transition coordinating council in ac-cordance with subsection (d); and 
‘‘(2) establishing and operating an agency 
transition directors council in accordance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(c) F
EDERAL TRANSITION COORDINATOR .— 
The Administrator shall designate an em-ployee of the General Services Administra-tion who is a senior career appointee to— 
‘‘(1) carry out the duties and authorities of 
the General Services Administration relat-ing to Presidential transitions under this Act or any other provision of law; 
‘‘(2) serve as the Federal Transition Coor-
dinator with responsibility for coordinating transition planning across agencies, includ-ing through the agency transition directors council established under subsection (e); 
‘‘(3) ensure agencies comply with all statu-
tory requirements relating to transition planning and reporting; and 
‘‘(4) act as a liaison to eligible candidates. 
‘‘(d) W
HITE HOUSE TRANSITION COORDI -
NATING COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 
months before the date of a Presidential election, the President shall establish a White House transition coordinating council for purposes of facilitating the Presidential transition. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The White House transition 
coordinating council shall— 
‘‘(A) provide guidance to agencies and the 
Federal Transition Coordinator regarding preparations for the Presidential transition, including succession planning and prepara-tion of briefing materials; 
‘‘(B) facilitate communication and infor-
mation sharing between the transition rep-resentatives of eligible candidates and senior employees in agencies and the Executive Of-fice of the President; and 
‘‘(C) prepare and host interagency emer-
gency preparedness and response exercises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.038 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6208 July 30, 2015 
‘‘(3) M EMBERSHIP .—The members of the 
White House transition coordinating council shall include— 
‘‘(A) senior employees of the Executive 
branch selected by the President, which may include the Chief of Staff to the President, any Cabinet officer, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, the Admin-istrator, the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, the Director of the Of-fice of Government Ethics, and the Archivist of the United States; 
‘‘(B) the Federal Transition Coordinator; ‘‘(C) the transition representative for each 
eligible candidate, who shall serve in an ad-visory capacity; and 
‘‘(D) any other individual the President de-
termines appropriate. 
‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the 
White House transition coordinating council shall be a senior employee in the Executive Office of the President, designated by the President. 
‘‘(e) A
GENCY TRANSITION DIRECTORS COUN-
CIL.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish and operate an agency transition di-rectors council, which shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
an integrated strategy for addressing inter-agency challenges and responsibilities around Presidential transitions and turnover of noncareer appointees; 
‘‘(B) coordinate transition activities be-
tween the Executive Office of the President, agencies, and the transition team of eligible candidates and the President-elect and Vice- President-elect; and 
‘‘(C) draw on guidance provided by the 
White House transition coordinating council and lessons learned from previous Presi-dential transitions in carrying out its duties. 
‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—As part of carrying out the 
responsibilities under paragraph (1), the agency transition directors council shall— 
‘‘(A) assist the Federal Transition Coordi-
nator in identifying and carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the Federal Transition Coor-dinator relating to a Presidential transition; 
‘‘(B) provide guidance to agencies in gath-
ering briefing materials and information re-lating to the Presidential transition that may be requested by eligible candidates; 
‘‘(C) ensure materials and information de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) are prepared not later than November 1 of a year during which a Presidential election is held; 
‘‘(D) ensure agencies adequately prepare 
career employees who are designated to fill non-career positions under subsection (f) during a Presidential transition; and 
‘‘(E) consult with the President’s Manage-
ment Council, or any successor thereto, in carrying out the duties of the agency transi-tion directors council. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the 
agency transition directors council shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) the Federal Transition Coordinator 
and the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget, who shall serve as Co-Chairpersons of the agency transition directors council; 
‘‘(B) other senior employees serving in the 
Executive Office of the President, as deter-mined by the President; 
‘‘(C) a senior representative from each 
agency described in section 901(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, the Office of Per-sonnel Management, the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, and the National Archives and Records Administration whose responsibil-ities include leading Presidential transition efforts within the agency; 
‘‘(D) a senior representative from any 
other agency determined by the Co-Chair-persons to be an agency that has significant responsibilities relating to the Presidential 
transition process; and 
‘‘(E) during a year during which a Presi-
dential election will be held, a transition representative for each eligible candidate, who shall serve in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The agency transition di-
rectors council shall meet— 
‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), not less 
than once per year; and 
‘‘(B) during the period beginning on the 
date that is 6 months before a Presidential election and ending on the date on which the President-elect is inaugurated, on a regular basis as necessary to carry out the duties and authorities of the agency transition di-rectors council. 
‘‘(f) I
NTERIM AGENCY LEADERSHIP FOR  
TRANSITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) O VERSIGHT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  
TRANSITION .—Not later than 6 months before 
the date of a Presidential election, the head of each agency shall designate a senior ca-reer employee of the agency and a senior ca-reer employee of each major component and subcomponent of the agency to oversee and implement the activities of the agency, com-ponent, or subcomponent relating to the Presidential transition. 
‘‘(2) A
CTING OFFICERS .—Not later than Sep-
tember 15 of a year during which a Presi-dential election occurs, and in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, for each noncareer posi-tion in an agency that the head of the agen-cy determines is critical, the head of the agency shall designate a qualified career em-ployee to serve in the position in an acting capacity if the position becomes vacant. 
‘‘(g) M
EMORANDUMS OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than November 
1 of a year during which a Presidential elec-tion occurs, the President (acting through the Federal Transition Coordinator) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, negotiate a memorandum of understanding with the transition representative of each eligible candidate, which shall include, at a min-imum, the conditions of access to employees, facilities, and documents of agencies by transition staff. 
‘‘(2) E
XISTING RESOURCES .—To the max-
imum extent practicable, the memorandums of understanding negotiated under paragraph (1) shall be based on memorandums of under-standing from previous Presidential transi-tions. 
‘‘(h) E
QUITY IN ASSISTANCE .—Any informa-
tion or other assistance provided to eligible candidates under this section shall be offered on an equal basis and without regard to po-litical affiliation. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President, acting 
through the Federal Transition Coordinator, shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate reports describing the activities undertaken by the President and agencies to prepare for the transfer of power to a new President. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The reports under paragraph 
(1) shall be provided 6 months and 3 months before the date of a Presidential election.’’. 
(b) O
THER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 3 of the 
Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and during the term of a 
President’’ after ‘‘during the transition’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘after inauguration’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
Executive agencies (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code)’’ before the pe-
riod; and 
(B) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘includ-
ing, to the greatest extent practicable, human resource management system soft-ware compatible with the software used by the incumbent President and likely to be used by the President-elect and Vice Presi-dent-elect’’ before the period; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘30 
days’’ and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; 
(3) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘except 
for activities under subsection (a)(8)(A),’’ be-fore ‘‘there shall be no’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h)(2), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(D) An eligible candidate shall have a 
right to the services and facilities described in this paragraph until the date on which the Administrator is able to determine the ap-parent successful candidates for the office of President and Vice President.’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 3 of the Pre-Election Presi-
dential Transition Act of 2010 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is repealed. 
(2) The Presidential Transition Act of 1963 
(3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended— 
(A) in section 3— (i) in subsection (a)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 6’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7’’; 
(ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 3 of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and 
(iii) in subsection (h)(3)(B)(iii), by striking 
‘‘section 5’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 6’’; 
(B) in section 6, as redesignated by sub-
section (a) of this section, by striking ‘‘sec-tion 6(a)(1)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 7(a)(1)’’; and 
(C) in section (7)(a)(2), as redesignated by 
subsection (a) of this section, by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
(3) Section 8331(1)(K) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
(4) Section 8701(a)(10) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
(5) Section 8901(1)(I) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL ARCHIVES PRESIDENTIAL 
TRANSITION. 
Section 2203(g) of title 44, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) When the President considers it prac-
ticable and in the public interest, the Presi-dent shall include in the President’s budget transmitted to Congress, for each fiscal year in which the term of office of the President will expire, such funds as may be necessary for carrying out the authorities of this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTS ON POLITICAL APPOINTEES AP-
POINTED TO NONPOLITICAL PERMA-NENT POSITIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ in sec-tion 105 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered civil service posi-
tion’’ means a position in the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code) that is not— 
(A) a temporary position; or (B) a political position; (3) the term ‘‘former political appointee’’ 
means an individual who— 
(A) is not serving in an appointment to a 
political position; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.039 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6209 July 30, 2015 
(B) served as a political appointee during 
the 5-year period ending on the date of the request for an appointment to a covered civil service position in any agency; 
(4) the term ‘‘political appointee’’ means 
an individual serving in an appointment to a political position; and 
(5) the term ‘‘political position’’ means— (A) a position described under sections 5312 
through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); 
(B) a noncareer appointment in the Senior 
Executive Service, as defined under para-graph (7) of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or 
(C) a position in the executive branch of 
the Government of a confidential or policy- determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations. 
(b) R
EPORTING ON CURRENT OR RECENT PO-
LITICAL APPOINTEES APPOINTED TO COVERED  
CIVIL SERVICE POSITIONS .—The Director of 
the Office of Personnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a quarterly report regarding requests by agencies to appoint political appointees or former political appointees to covered civil service positions, which shall— 
(1) for each request by an agency that a po-
litical appointee be appointed to a covered civil service position during the period cov-ered by the quarterly report, provide— 
(A) the date on which the request was re-
ceived by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment; 
(B) subject to subsection (c), the name of 
the individual and the political position held by the individual, including title, office, and agency; 
(C) the date on which the individual was 
first appointed to a political position in the agency in which the individual is serving as a political appointee; 
(D) the grade and rate of basic pay for the 
individual as a political appointee; 
(E) the proposed covered civil service posi-
tion, including title, office, and agency, and the proposed grade and rate of basic pay for the individual; 
(F) whether the Office of Personnel Man-
agement approved or denied the request; and 
(G) the date on which the individual was 
appointed to a covered civil service position, if applicable; and 
(2) for each request by an agency that a 
former political appointee be appointed to a covered civil service position during the pe-riod covered by the quarterly report, pro-vide— 
(A) the date on which the request was re-
ceived by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment; 
(B) subject to subsection (c), the name of 
the individual and the political position held by the individual, including title, office, and agency; 
(C) the date on which the individual was 
first appointed to any political position; 
(D) the grade and rate of basic pay for the 
individual as a political appointee; 
(E) the date on which the individual ceased 
to serve in a political position; 
(F) the proposed covered civil service posi-
tion, including title, office, and agency, and the proposed grade and rate of basic pay for the individual; 
(G) whether the Office of Personnel Man-
agement approved or denied the request; and 
(H) the date on which the individual was 
first appointed to a covered civil service po-sition, if applicable. 
(c) N
AMES AND TITLES OF CERTAIN AP-
POINTEES .—If determined appropriate by the 
Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, a report submitted under subsection 
(b) may exclude the name or title of a polit-ical appointee or former political ap-pointee— 
(1) who— (A) was requested to be appointed to a cov-
ered civil service position; and 
(B) was not appointed to a covered civil 
service position; or 
(2) relating to whom a request to be ap-
pointed to a covered civil service position is pending at the end of the period covered by that report. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON REGULATIONS PROMUL-
GATED NEAR THE END OF PRESI-DENTIAL TERMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered presidential transi-
tion period’’ means— 
(A) the 120-day period ending on January 
20, 1993. 
(B) the 120-day period ending on January 
20, 2001; 
(C) the 120-day period ending on January 
20, 2009; and 
(D) the 120-day period ending on January 
20, 2017; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered regulation’’ means a 
final regulation promulgated by an Execu-tive department; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Executive department’’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 101 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port regarding covered regulations promul-gated during the covered presidential transi-tion periods described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1). 
(2) N
EXT PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION .—The 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report regarding covered regu-lations promulgated during the covered pres-idential transition period described in sub-section (a)(1)(D). 
(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—The reports re-
quired under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, for each covered presidential transition period covered by the report— 
(A) compare the number, scope, and cost (if 
possible) of, and type of rulemaking proce-dure used for, covered regulations promul-gated during the covered presidential transi-tion period to the number, scope, and cost of, and type of rulemaking procedure used for, covered regulations promulgated during the 120-day periods ending on January 20 of each year after 1988, other than 1993, 2001, and 2009; 
(B) determine the statistical significance 
of any differences identified under subpara-graph (A) and whether and to what extent such differences indicate any patterns; 
(C) evaluate the size, scope, and effect of 
the covered regulations promulgated during the covered presidential transition period; and 
(D) assess the extent to which the regu-
larly required processes for the promulgation of covered regulations were followed during the covered presidential transition period, including compliance with the requirements under— 
(i) chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Congressional Re-view Act’’); 
(ii) the Small Business Regulatory En-
forcement Fairness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note); (iii) chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexi-bility Act’’); and 
(iv) chapter 35 of title 44, United States 
Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’). 
SEC. 6. ANALYSIS OF THREATS AND 
VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 
15, 2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report analyzing the threats and vulnerabilities facing the United States during a presidential transi-tion, which— 
(1) shall identify and discuss 
vulnerabilities related to border security and threats related to terrorism, including from weapons of mass destruction; 
(2) shall identify steps being taken to ad-
dress the threats and vulnerabilities during a presidential transition; and 
(3) may include recommendations for ac-
tions by components and agencies within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall be prepared in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 31, 
2015, AND MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Friday, July 31, for a pro forma session only with no business being conducted; further, that following the pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until 2 p.m., Monday, August 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to S. 1881; finally, notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the motion to proceed to S. 1881 occur at 5:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:51 p.m., adjourned until Friday, July 31, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
FOUNDATION  
ERIC DRAKE EBERHARD, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2018, VICE BRADLEY UDALL, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
MICHAEL F. SUAREZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.039 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6210 July 30, 2015 
TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE DAWN HO 
DELBANCO, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ELISSA SLOTKIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE DEREK H. CHOLLET, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOHN E. SPARKS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS TO EXPIRE ON THE DATE PRESCRIBED BY LAW, VICE JAMES EDGAR BAKER, TERM EXPIRING. 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
DEREK TAI–CHING KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DI-
RECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE NANCY A. NAPLES, TERM EX-PIRED. 
NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
BEVERLY ANGELA SCOTT, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2019, VICE MARK R. ROSEKIND, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOHN D. FEELEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF PAN-AMA. 
ROBERT PORTER JACKSON, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA. 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
VICTORIA A. LIPNIC, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
MICHAEL HERMAN MICHAUD, OF MAINE, TO BE ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF LABOR FOR VETERANS’ EMPLOY-MENT AND TRAINING, VICE KEITH KELLY. 
THE JUDICIARY  
SUSAN PARADISE BAXTER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE SEAN J. MCLAUGHLIN, RESIGNED. 
INGA S. BERNSTEIN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS, VICE DOUGLAS P. WOODLOCK, RE-TIRED. 
GARY RICHARD BROWN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE SANDRA J. FEUERSTEIN, RETIRED. 
ROBERT JOHN COLVILLE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE GARY L. LANCASTER, DECEASED. 
ELIZABETH J. DRAKE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A JUDGE 
OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE, VICE RICHARD K. EATON, RETIRED. 
JENNIFER CHOE GROVES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE 
OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE, VICE GREGORY WRIGHT CARMAN, RETIRED. 
MARILYN JEAN HORAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE TERRENCE F. 
MCVERRY, RETIRED. 
GARY STEPHEN KATZMANN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO 
BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTER-NATIONAL TRADE, VICE JANE A. RESTANI, RETIRED. 
DAX ERIC LOPEZ, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA, VICE JULIE E. CARNES, ELEVATED. 
JOHN MILTON YOUNGE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE MARY A. MCLAUGHLIN, RETIRED. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
DARRYL L. DEPRIEST, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE CHIEF COUN-
SEL FOR ADVOCACY, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION, VICE WINSLOW LORENZO SARGEANT, RESIGNED. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on July 30, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tions: 
EARL L. GAY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE 
DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT, VICE CHRISTINE M. GRIFFIN, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2015. 
DEREK TAI–CHING KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DI-
RECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE JEFFREY R. MORELAND, TERM EXPIRED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JULY 13, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.004 S30JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D913 Thursday, July 30, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 22, Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for 
the Economy Act, as amended. 
Senate passed H.R. 3236, Surface Transportation and Veterans Health 
Care Choice Improvement Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6147–S6210. 
Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and five resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1899–1914, S.J. Res. 21, and S. Res. 236–239.
                   Pages S6186–87 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1910, making appropriations for financial serv-
ices and general government for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–97) 
S. 313, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to add physical therapists to the list of pro-viders allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–98) 
S. 349, to amend title XIX of the Social Security 
Act to empower individuals with disabilities to es-tablish their own supplemental needs trusts. (S. Rept. No. 114–99) 
S. 466, to amend title XI of the Social Security 
Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and 
CHIP programs by developing maternity care qual-ity measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–100) 
S. 599, to extend and expand the Medicaid emer-
gency psychiatric demonstration project, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–101) 
S. 607, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–102) 
S. 704, to establish a Community-Based Institu-
tional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and community-based care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, with an amendment in the 
nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–103) 
S. 861, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–104) 
S. 1253, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–105) 
S. 1347, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act with respect to the treatment of patient en-counters in ambulatory surgical centers in deter-mining meaningful EHR use, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–106) 
S. 1349, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to require hospitals to provide certain noti-fications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as in-patients of such hospitals. (S. Rept. No. 114–107) 
S. 1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security 
Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs), with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–108) 
S. 1461, to provide for the extension of the en-
forcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–109) 
S. 1875, to support enhanced accountability for 
United States assistance to Afghanistan, with an amendment.
                                                                  Page S6186 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D914 July 30, 2015 
Measures Passed: 
National Whistleblower Appreciation Day: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 236, designating July 30, 2015, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’.
                                                                                Page S6147 
Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for 
the Economy Act: By 65 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. 
260), Senate passed H.R. 22, to authorize funds for Federal-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and after taking action on the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                Pages S6149–6161 
Adopted: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2542, to amend the 
title.                                                                                   Page S6205 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health 
Care Choice Improvement Act: By 91 yeas to 4 nays 
(Vote No. 261), Senate passed H.R. 3236, to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, by the order of the Senate of Wednesday, July 29, 2015, 60 Senators having voted in the affirmative.
                 Pages S6165–66 
Presidential Transitions Improvements Act of 
2015: Senate passed S. 1172, to improve the process 
of presidential transition, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendments, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S6205–09 
McConnell (for Carper/Johnson) Amendment No. 
2543, relative to presidential transitions. 
                                                                                    Pages S6207–09 
Measures Considered: 
Prohibit Federal Funding of Planned Parent-
hood—Cloture : Senate began consideration of the 
motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1881, to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America.
                        Pages S6161–64, S6166–80 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, July 30, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, August 3, 2015.
                              Page S6209 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 2 p.m., on Monday, August 3, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S6209 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn until 10:00 a.m., on Friday, July 31, 2015, for a pro forma session only, with no business 
conducted; and that following the pro forma session, Senate adjourn until 2 p.m., on Monday, August 3, 2015.
                                                                                Page S6209 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Eric Drake Eberhard, of Washington, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expiring October 6, 2018. 
Michael F. Suarez, of Virginia, to be a Member of 
the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. 
Elissa Slotkin, of the District of Columbia, to be 
an Assistant Secretary of Defense. 
John E. Sparks, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fifteen years to expire on the date prescribed by law. 
Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Di-
rector of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. 
Beverly Angela Scott, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring December 31, 2019. 
John D. Feeley, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Panama. 
Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Ghana. 
Victoria A. Lipnic, of Virginia, to be a Member 
of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2020. 
Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assist-
ant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. 
Susan Paradise Baxter, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. 
Inga S. Bernstein, of Massachusetts, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Massachu-setts. 
Gary Richard Brown, of New York, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
Robert John Colville, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. 
Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, to be a Judge of 
the United States Court of International Trade. 
Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, to be a Judge 
of the United States Court of International Trade. 
Marilyn Jean Horan, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D915 July 30, 2015 
Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, to be 
a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. 
Dax Eric Lopez, of Georgia, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. 
John Milton Younge, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. 
Darryl L. DePriest, of Illinois, to be Chief Counsel 
for Advocacy, Small Business Administration. 
                                                                                    Pages S6209–10 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: 
Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Di-
rector of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, which was sent to the Senate on July 13, 2015. 
Earl L. Gay, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Deputy Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2015.
                                                                                  Page 6210 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6185–86 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6186 
Executive Communications:                             Page S6186 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6187–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6189–94 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6184–85 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6194 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                        Page S6194 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6194 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6195 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—261)                                      Pages S6160–61, S6165–66 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:51 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6209.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
WHISTLEBLOWER CLAIMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine whistle-blower claims at the Department of Veterans Affairs, after receiving testimony from Linda A. Halliday, Deputy Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, and Katherine L. Mitchell, Veterans Inte-
grated Service Network 18, Veterans Healthcare Ad-ministration, both of the Department of Veterans Affairs; Carolyn Lerner, Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel; and Danielle Brian, Project on Gov-ernment Oversight, and Lisa M. Nee, both of Wash-ington, D.C. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, to be Chief of Naval Oper-ations, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
An original bill to provide for the modernization 
of the energy policy of the United States; 
An original bill to provide for reforms of the ad-
ministration of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States; 
S. 720, to promote energy savings in residential 
buildings and industry, with an amendment; 
S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in 
central Idaho and to authorize various land convey-ances involving National Forest System land and Bu-reau of Land Management land in central Idaho; 
S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio 
San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, with an amendment; 
S. 145, to require the Director of the National 
Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shutdown; 
S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North 
Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Min-nesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to con-nect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, with an amendment; 
S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior 
to conduct a special resource study of President Sta-tion in Baltimore, Maryland, with an amendment; 
S. 593, to require the Secretary of the Interior to 
submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure as-sets, with an amendment; 
S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior 
to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes; 
S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the 
Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D916 July 30, 2015 
S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; 
S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commence-
ment of construction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam; 
S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage 
Project Act to authorize the use of the active capac-ity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, with an amendment; and 
S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, with an amend-ment. 
SANCTIONS AND THE JCPOA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine sanctions and the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, after receiving testimony from Juan C. Zarate, Foundation for Defense of De-mocracies Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, Washington, D.C.; and Richard Nephew, Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy, New York, New York. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Benin, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Central African Re-public, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Togolese Republic, Daniel H. Rubin-stein, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, and Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testi-
fied and answered questions in their own behalf. 
U.S. TAX CODE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations 
concluded a hearing to examine the impact of the United States tax code on the market for corporate control and jobs, after receiving testimony from Jim Koch, Boston Beer Company, Boston, Massachusetts; David E.I. Pyott, Allergan, Washington, D.C.; Wal-ter J. Galvin, Emerson, St. Louis, Missouri; Howard B. Schiller, Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., Bridgewater, New Jersey; and Joshua Kobza, Restaurant Brands International, Miami, Florida. 
CAMPUS SEXUAL ASSAULT 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
On July 29, 2015, Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on combating campus sexual assault, in-cluding S. 590, to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965, after receiving testimony from Senators McCaskill, Heller, Gillibrand, and Ayotte; Janet Napolitano, University of California, Oakland; Dana Bolger, Know Your IX, and Mollie Benz Flounlacker, Association of American Universities, both of Washington, D.C.; and Dolores A. Stafford, D. Stafford and Associates, Rehoboth Beach, Dela-ware, on behalf of the National Association of Clery Compliance Officers and Professionals. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 1 p.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINATION OF FEDERAL AND STATE 
RESPONSE TO AVIAN INFLUENZA 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amination of Federal and State Response to Avian Influenza’’. Testimony was heard from David 
Swayne, Laboratory Director, Southeast Poultry Re-search Laboratory, Department of Agriculture Agri-cultural Research Services; John Clifford, Deputy Administrator, Veterinary Services, Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; R. Douglas Meckes, State Veterinarian, North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Con-sumer Services; and Bill Hartmann, Executive Direc-tor, Minnesota Board of Animal Health. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D917 July 30, 2015 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JULY 31, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD918 July 30, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Friday, July 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
1 p.m., Friday, July 31 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House is scheduled to meet in 
a Pro Forma session at 1 p.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jul 31, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30JY5.REC D30JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST