Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2037 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 2015 No. 51 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend James Stoeger, S.J., Presi-
dent, Jesuit Secondary Education As-sociation, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: 
God of love, bless the Members of 
this House. Please help those who labor here recognize how You are present in their service and leadership. Guide them as they seek to be effective for the good of all Your people. 
Loving God, may our leaders be alert 
to the cares, hurts, and challenges of our citizens and our communities. Help those leaders choose well directions and actions that benefit those likely to be left out and all who express and strengthen our Nation’s values, which are our greatest assets. 
May we hear and pursue Your sacred 
message, merciful God, that we be women and men with the capacity of peacemakers, realistic and also deeply thoughtful and wise. 
Finally, gentle God, bring to those 
who serve here a participation in Your own gifts, such as rich insight and also joy, in their care for the well-being of our country and the world. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I object 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Texas (S AMJOHNSON ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, by all accounts, President Obama seems hell-bent on striking a nuclear deal with Iran, a deal that would hurt our national security inter-ests and sell out our proven ally and friend, Israel. 
Let’s be clear: Iran is a foe, not a 
friend. Just consider: last week, Iran’s supreme leader said ‘‘death to Amer-ica’’; the regime has blood of American soldiers on its hands; and Iran is work-ing overtime to expand influence in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, Iran is determined to be 
a nuclear power, period. Unfortunately, the President seems intent to ignore 
the majority of American people who believe this deal would not prevent Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon. 
Mr. Speaker, the President is going 
rogue. That is wrong. He needs to stop. Nothing less than our national security is at stake. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF MIAMI 
BEACH 
(Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to recognize the 100th anni-versary of the city of Miami Beach in Florida’s 23rd Congressional District. 
Incorporated on March 26, 1915, 
Miami Beach took its place on the map with only a handful of residents. Now home to nearly 100,000 people, the city of Miami Beach has not only grown in population, but in reputation. This va-cation paradise is an internationally recognized tourist destination visited by millions each year, a hub for busi-ness, and a trendsetter in the areas of arts, culture, fine dining, and enter-tainment. 
This week, Miami Beach celebrated 
its centennial with 100 hours of show-casing its history and all that the city has to offer, culminating in an ocean-front concert by Miami Beach residents and cultural icons Gloria Estefan, Barry Gibb, and Andrea Bocelli. 
It is a great honor for me to rep-
resent the city of Miami Beach in our Nation’s Capitol. I thank Mayor Philip Levine, the members of the city com-mission, and the city’s staff for their many accomplishments that have made the city of Miami Beach a wonderful place to work, live, visit, and raise a family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.000 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2038 March 26, 2015 
CONGRATULATING THE WICHITA 
STATE SHOCKERS 
(Ms. JENKINS of Kansas asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate the Wichita State Shockers on their vic-tory against the Kansas Jayhawks this past weekend. Despite a valiant effort by the Jayhawks, the Shockers and Coach Gregg Marshall prevailed, just as my friend Congressman P
OMPEO pre-
dicted. 
In Kansas, we are proud of our 
State’s rich basketball tradition, from James Naismith to Dean Smith, to Ad-olph Rupp, to Gene Smithson, to Jack Gardner, to Wilt Chamberlain, to Xa-vier McDaniel, to Mitch Richmond. I could go on and on and on. 
However, as two proud Kansas 
schools, the real victor here is the State of Kansas. We love the competi-tion, but after the game is over, we are all one big family. My daughter cur-rently attends Wichita State, I at-tended K-State, and I represent KU, so I know full well the pride we have in all our teams. 
So as the Shockers move on to the 
Sweet 16 for the second time in 3 years, I wish them the best of luck tonight and beyond. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS KILLING 
HUMANITY 
(Mr. TED LIEU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise because the majority is making worse the one issue that can kill humanity as a species—climate change. The majority’s budget exacer-bates America’s overdependence on for-eign oil and reliance on the dirty and unsafe fuels of the 19th century. 
But there is a better way. We need to 
produce more energy-saving appliances and machines that are designed, manu-factured, and installed by American workers. It is time to invest in new and renewable energies that never go away, such as wind, solar, and biofuels. It is time to do what is best for America, not what is best for coal companies. 
Mr. Speaker, let me end by saying: 
Go, UCLA. 
f 
WISHING SCOTT KELLY THE BEST 
AS HE EMBARKS ON AMERICA’S YEARLONG SPACE ADVENTURE 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to draw the American people’s atten-tion to NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly as he prepares to make history tomorrow when he embarks on a yearlong mis-sion to the International Space Sta-tion. 
As the proud representative of the 
Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, I have had the pleasure of meet-
ing Mr. Kelly several times to discuss his historic mission. This will mark the first time that an American has spent an entire year continuously in space. 
On the eve of this important mo-
ment, I would like to thank Mr. Kelly for his heroic commitment, leadership, and dedication to advancing America’s human spaceflight program. 
Mr. Speaker, his mission to the 
International Space Station provides a tremendous boost to our human spaceflight program, while furthering our understanding of the effects that longer term exposure to weightlessness has on the body. This understanding will pave the way for crewed missions to Mars. 
On behalf of a proud American pub-
lic, Scott, we wish you all the best, and thank you. 
f 
CALIFORNIA AEROSPACE WEEK 
(Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, this is 
California Aerospace Week. 
California is rich in our history of 
flight. In my district alone, we have seen the sound barrier broken for the first time and the ultimate airspeed record set, and many other flights from the F–80 through our beloved F–22. We have also seen my district build all of the space shuttles, all of the B–1s, all of the B–2s, and most of the fighters that fly over our friendly skies. 
Our State has had an over 100-year 
history in flight, and Aerospace Week culminates that production and that test. Our State and my district have continued to put America in the lead over the skies, and we will continue to do so in the future. 
f 
KEEPING OUR COMMITMENTS TO 
OUR RURAL COUNTIES 
(Mr. WALDEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, we have 
a great opportunity before us today to not only provide certainty for healthcare providers and seniors by re-pealing the flawed SGR for Medicare, but also to fund rural schools and rural forested counties. So I commend my colleagues for their work on this with me. 
Included in this legislation is 2 years’ 
worth of funding for the Secure Rural Schools program. Now, this is like one of those cans of Fix-A-Flat, if you will. It is an emergency repair on the side of the road to solve a short-term problem, when what we really need is a perma-nent fix for our forested counties. But this is an emergency, and what we are doing here today is providing that life-line to our schoolchildren in the class-rooms in our rural counties that are forested under Federal land and mak-ing sure that our local law enforcement 
folks have the resources they need and, in my own State of Oregon, protecting some counties from actually going bankrupt because of lack of manage-ment and lack of activity on our Fed-eral lands. 
So I remain fully committed to work-
ing on forestry legislation that puts people back to work in the woods, re-duces the threat of wildfire, and pro-duces the revenue to allow for self-sus-taining counties and the people in them. I just hope this time with a new Senate we will be able to move for-ward. 
f 
A BUDGET IS A VALUES 
STATEMENT 
(Mr. CARTWRIGHT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to comment on the budget that was passed yesterday out of this House by the Republicans. 
I come from Scranton, Pennsylvania, 
the birthplace of our Vice President. Our Vice President is often heard to say that people talk about family val-ues all the time, family values this, family values that. He says: Look, don’t talk to me about your values. Show me your budget, and I will tell 
you what your values are. 
This Republican budget was some-
thing that I could not support because it will have the effect of cutting over 1 million jobs over the next year. Even worse than that, it will turn Medicare into, effectively, a voucher program. If you are on Medicare and you need treatment and they give you a voucher, you had better hope that that voucher covers the services you need; other-wise, you are out of luck. 
So if your values include increasing 
jobs and employment in this country and taking care of our seniors, that Re-publican budget was not the one to vote for. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2, MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 27, 2015, THROUGH APRIL 10, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 173 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 173 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other im-provements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. The amend-ment printed in the report of the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.002 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2039 March 26, 2015 
on Rules accompanying this resolution shall 
be considered as adopted. The bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the 
period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-
dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). 
S
EC. 5. The Committee on Financial Serv-
ices and the Committee on Ways and Means each may, at any time before 5 p.m. on April 6, 2015, file reports to accompany measures. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
b0915 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 173 provides for consider-ation of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, under a closed rule, reflecting the care-ful, intricate, bipartisan negotiations which brought this legislation to the floor. 
The rule provides for 1 hour of de-
bate, equally divided among the chairs and ranking members of the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
As is customary, the rule allows the 
minority to offer a motion to recom-mit on the bill. 
Finally, the rule provides for the cus-
tomary district work period authority. 
This bill, H.R. 2, resolves an issue 
that many of us have worked on for our entire congressional careers. This bill reflects years of bipartisan 
work, work across committees, and even work across the Capitol with the other body. We brought together Mem-bers of all ideological groups, as well as diverse outside groups. We coalesced around a policy that will help patients, help doctors, help providers to get out from under the constant threat of pay-ment cuts under the Medicare sustain-able growth rate formula. 
Everyone agrees that Medicare’s sus-
tainable growth formula has got to go. Today, we are considering a bill to re-alistically accomplish that goal. 
The SGR formula was enacted as part 
of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 in an attempt to restrain Federal spend-ing in Medicare part B. We now know that that is not working. 
The SGR consists of expenditure tar-
gets which apply a growth rate de-signed to bring spending in line. 
Since 2002, the SGR formula has re-
sulted in a reduction in physician reim-bursement rates. However, even though Congress has consistently passed legis-lation to override the formula, these patches have resulted in hundreds of billions of spent funds that could have gone to improving the Medicare sys-tem. 
If Congress were to let the formula 
continue, physicians would face a 21 percent reduction in reimbursement rates on April 1. The sustainable growth rate’s unrealistic assumptions of spending inefficiency have plagued the healthcare profession and our Medicare beneficiaries for over 13 years. 
The bill before us repeals the sustain-
able growth rate formula, avoiding po-tentially devastating across-the-board cuts slated to go into effect next week. We do so at a cost lower than what Congress has already spent or is likely to spend over the next 10 years. The Congressional Budget Office has found that enacting H.R. 2 will cost less than if we patched this formula over the next 10 years. 
The bill before us today provides 5 
years of payment transition. It allows improved beneficiary access and allows medicine to concentrate on moving to broad adoption of quality reporting and, most importantly, allows Con-gress to move past the distraction of the SGR formula and to begin identi-fying Medicare reforms that can fur-ther benefit our citizens. This will also allow providers the time to develop and test quality measures and clinical practice improvement activities, which will be used for performance assess-ment during phase II. 
During the stability period, physi-
cians will receive annual increases of one half of 1 percent. It seems small, but it is above what has been provided over the past several years. 
The quality measures are imple-
mented in what is called the Merit- Based Incentive Payment System. That will be evidence-based and devel-oped through a transparent process that values input from provider groups. Quality reporting will measure pro-
viders against their peers rather than a one-size-fits-all generic standard. Pro-viders will also self-determine their measures. 
The bill consolidates three reporting 
programs into this incentive payment system, easing administrative burdens and furthering the congressionally es-tablished goals of quality, resource use, and meaningful use. 
This new reimbursement structure 
ensures continued access to high-qual-ity care while providing physicians with certainty and security in their re-imbursements. They will be aware of the benchmark they are competing against and, unlike current law, all penalties assessed on those not meet-ing the benchmark will go to those who do, keeping the dollars in the Medicare system. 
Provider standards will be developed 
by professional organizations in con-junction with existing programs and will incorporate ongoing feedback to physicians, further ensuring that opti-mal care is provided to the patient. 
Realtime feedback will be gained 
through registries and performance data. Physicians will be encouraged to participate in the process through data reporting. For eligible professionals who choose to opt out of the fee-for- service program, alternative payment models will be available. 
These alternative payment models 
may include a patient-centered med-ical home, whether they are in primary or specialty care, bundled care, or epi-sodes of care. Qualifying practices that move a significant amount of their pa-tients into these alternative payment models could see a 5 percent quality bonus. By encouraging alternative pay-ment models and care coordination, this legislation will foster and facili-tate innovation. 
It is important to note that while 
taking these important steps toward ensuring quality care, the bill specifi-cally states that these quality meas-ures are not creating a Federal right of action or a legal standard of care. 
Mr. Speaker, from beginning to end, 
this bill is about access: access for our seniors, access for those who utilize the Nation’s 9,000 community health cen-ters, and, very importantly, the over 8 million children who receive their care at some point during the year through the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. 
The bill also addresses health pro-
grams that have become known as ‘‘ex-tenders.’’ Most are extended for 2 years under the bill. By resolving the SGR, Congress will have the ability to com-mit itself to working through these policies in the future. 
The bill also puts into place impor-
tant structural reforms to Medicare that are the first steps toward starting the Medicare program on a really long- term trajectory towards fiscal sta-bility. 
The bill is consistent in its themes 
throughout: payment stability; reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.005 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2040 March 26, 2015 
and streamline the administrative bur-
den; increase predictability and pro-vider’s interactions with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; build transparency into systems; en-courage innovation of delivery of serv-ices; and keep providers in the driver’s seat. 
Most importantly, we provide access 
to care for our Nation’s patients. 
America’s providers agree: ‘‘The American Osteopathic Associa-
tion views this bipartisan legislation as a clear and definitive approach toward comprehensive reforms in our health care system for children, seniors, and our Nation’s physicians.’’ 
Here is one from the American Acad-
emy of Family Physicians: 
‘‘This legislation is the result of bi-
partisan negotiations that have pro-duced legislative responses to some of our Nation’s most pressing health care issues.’’ 
America’s Essential Hospitals praised 
this bill, stating: 
‘‘This legislation represents the first 
truly bipartisan major health care leg-islation in years. Please do not let this opportunity pass you by—approve H.R. 2 as swiftly as possible.’’ 
This is just a small sampling of the 
close to 800 organizations spanning the political spectrum who have come to-gether to endorse this bill. From pri-mary care, to specialists, to surgeons, to organized nursing, our Nation’s hos-pitals, and everyone in between, they have supported this policy. 
For that reason, I encourage my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for the customary 30 
minutes. I also want to thank him for his work on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Con-
gress has shirked its responsibility when it came to permanently fixing the sustainable growth rate formula. Since its inception, our Nation’s doc-tors and hospitals were held hostage to a misguided funding formula that was included as part of the Balanced Budg-et Act of 1997. 
I voted against the Balanced Budget 
Act back then when I was a new Mem-ber of Congress. It was plain to me that the Medicare cuts and proposed financ-ing included in that bill were simply impossible to sustain. I am glad that 18 years later Congress is finally doing the right thing and repealing the sus-tainable growth rate formula and re-placing it with a payment system based on value. 
It is past time that we repeal this 
misguided formula that has wreaked havoc throughout our healthcare sys-tem. Year after year after year, Con-gress, whether controlled by Demo-crats or Republicans, was forced to 
temporarily patch this formula. And year after year after year, Congress did the bare minimum, providing a tem-porary fix without actually addressing the real problem and permanently re-pealing the formula. 
Today, Congress is finally doing the 
right thing. That alone is worth sup-porting. But this bill does more than just repeal the sustainable growth rate formula. Instead, it provides a clearly defined schedule of payment adjust-ments that will give physicians and healthcare providers the stability they need while ensuring quality and value in the services patients require. 
In addition, H.R. 2 also provides crit-
ical funding through September 2017 for our Nation’s community health centers, funding that was initially pro-vided under the Affordable Care Act, and it also provides support for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. 
I have already started to hear from 
hospitals in my district about why this bill is good for them and good for their patients. UMass Memorial Medical Center, in my hometown of Worcester, is one of the Nation’s most distin-guished academic healthcare systems and is the safety net hospital for all of central Massachusetts. The folks there are pleased to see the delay in addi-tional cuts to safety net hospitals and the delay in the implementation of the two-midnight rule. 
Now, this bill is not perfect—nothing 
around here is ever perfect—but this is the result of long and careful bipar-tisan negotiation. Even though there are many very positive aspects of this bill, there are some provisions that are more problematic, and I would be re-miss if I didn’t at least mention some of them. 
Most troubling is the inclusion of the 
Hyde amendment and its application to the funding for the community health centers. It is important to clarify that this language is not a permanent ex-tension or codification of the Hyde amendment. It only applies to the funding for community health centers and expires when that funding expires. It does not affect non-Federal funds. In fact, it is the same language that has been included in annual appropriations bills for nearly three decades. 
Let me be clear: I do not support the 
Hyde amendment. However, the lan-guage in this bill mirrors both Presi-dent Obama’s executive order and the language included in the annual appro-priations bills. 
And I wish the CHIP extension was 
for 4 years rather than 2. But in this environment, I think that having a 2- year extension is a good thing, is an ac-complishment, is a step in the right di-rection. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important ac-
complishment, and I want to thank both Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader 
PELOSI for their work in reaching this 
compromise, a deal that will finally en-able this House to move away from an-nual doc-fix patches and toward pro-
viding stability and certainty for Medi-care physicians and patients. 
I am encouraged by the process taken 
to reach this agreement. For a Con-gress that I might say accurately has been called ‘‘broken,’’ ‘‘hopeless,’’ ‘‘helpless’’—a Congress plagued by gridlock and extreme partisanship— this bill represents what I hope will be a renewed commitment by my friends in the majority to work across the aisle with Democrats to address some of our country’s most pressing issues. It is, and has always been, the way Congress passes important, sub-stantive, and even historic legislation. 
This place can work when we work 
together. Just look at what this House has done over the past few weeks. We responsibly kept the Department of Homeland Security open, and now we are on the verge of passing an incred-ibly vital bipartisan bill to repeal the sustainable growth rate, fund commu-nity health centers, and reauthorize CHIP. 
I hope this bipartisan approach is 
contagious. I hope this is not the ex-ception but becomes the rule. Every Member represents the same number of constituents, and every voice in this House needs and deserves to be heard. 
Today—thanks to the leadership of 
Leader P
ELOSI and Speaker B OEHNER  
and so many others—we are doing something that we can feel good about, something more than a campaign slo-gan, something that is more than red meat for the political base. 
b0930 
This is something that will help sen-
iors, kids, and low-income families. It deserves our support. 
Before I reserve my time, Mr. Speak-
er, I include for the R
ECORD the State-
ment of Administration Policy, which begins with the following: 
‘‘The Administration supports House 
passage of H.R. 2 because it would re-form the flawed Medicare physician payment system to incentivize quality and value’’ and ‘‘would make reforms that could help slow health care cost growth, and would extend other impor-tant programs such as health care cov-erage for children.’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2—MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP  
REAUTHORIZATION ACT  
(Rep. Burgess, R-Texas, and 10 cosponsors) 
The Administration supports House pas-
sage of H.R. 2 because it would reform the flawed Medicare physician payment system to incentivize quality and value (a proposal called for in the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget), would make reforms that could help slow health care cost growth, and would ex-tend other important programs such as health care coverage for children. 
Medicare payments to physicians are de-
termined under a formula, commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘sustainable growth rate’’ (SGR). This formula has called for reduc-tions in physician payment rates since 2002, which the Congress has overridden 17 times. Under the SGR, physician payment rates would be reduced by about 21 percent on April 1, 2015. A cut of this magnitude could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.005 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2041 March 26, 2015 
reduce access to physicians for Medicare 
beneficiaries throughout the country. H.R. 2 would replace this system with one that of-fers predictability and accelerates participa-tion in alternative payment models that en-courage quality and efficiency. The proposal would advance the Administration’s goal of moving the Nation’s health care delivery system toward one that achieves better care, smarter spending, and healthier people through the expansion of new health care payment models, which could contribute to slowing long-term health care cost growth. 
The Administration also supports the leg-
islation’s inclusion of a continuation of poli-cies and funding for the Children’s Health In-surance Program (CHIP). The President’s Budget includes a four-year extension of this program, which has provided meaningful health coverage to over eight million chil-dren; extending CHIP would ensure contin-ued, comprehensive, affordable coverage for these children. H.R. 2 also includes other im-portant proposals in the President’s Budget, such as an extension of the Home Visiting Program and additional funding for the Com-munity Health Center (CHC) Fund, although the legislation includes restrictions on the use of the CHC Fund which would be unnec-essary given Executive Order 13535. The Ad-ministration supports the legislation’s provi-sion to make permanent the Qualifying Indi-vidual program, which pays the Medicare Part B premiums for certain low-income Medicare beneficiaries. 
The legislation would pay for costs above 
what is needed to hold Medicare payments to physicians fixed at their current level. The savings would come from sensible reforms, which are expected to cover a larger share of the bill’s costs over the long run. These in-clude cost-saving changes to Medicare pro-vider payments as well as increases in the in-come-related premium for certain high-in-come Medicare beneficiaries, who represent about five percent of those covered by Medi-care. A similar proposal was included in the President’s Budget to help improve the fi-nancial stability of the Medicare program by 
reducing the Federal subsidy of Medicare costs for those who need the subsidy the least. The bill also would, starting in 2020, prohibit Medicare Supplemental Insurance (Medigap) policies from covering the Part B deductible (currently $147) for new bene-ficiaries. This would encourage more effi-cient health care choices, lowering Medicare costs and Medigap premiums. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). 
Mr. FLEMING. I would like to thank 
my good friend, Dr. B URGESS . 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2. As a family physician who has been in private practice since 1982, I have seen a lot of things happen with Medi-care, and this idea of sustainable growth rate, SGR, which came up in 1997—a Republican idea—is not only flawed, it is idiotic. 
It requires physicians to control 
throughout the country the entire vol-ume of services provided, something that is absolutely impossible to do. It actually has had the opposite effect that was desired, and it has actually increased the amount of activity be-cause of the loss of the valuable eco-nomic foundations that are necessary to make this system work. 
What this repeal of SGR will do is, 
number one, actually show what the cost of this is. We have been hiding it, 
like a shell game, for years with tem-porary patches that last, oh, maybe a year and sometimes less. 
Not only will this pay for itself in the 
second decade, but it actually begins to lower that cost even in the first dec-ade, and it does so by using several mechanisms but with two important reforms that my colleagues need to know about. 
One, it reforms Medigap policies, 
which gives patients skin in the game. It makes patients, once again, a part of the decision team so that they, by hav-ing some element of price sensitivity, can work with the doctors to decide what is necessary and what is not, what is affordable and what is not; also, it asks higher-income seniors to do their share. 
Remember that the current Medicare 
system is a highly subsidized system for everybody, including for Warren Buffett, a $40 billion billionaire who gets his health care subsidized. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. 
This will increase patient care. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ERA). 
Mr. BERA. I want to thank my col-
league from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a doctor who has 
cared for hundreds of seniors on Medi-care, this is an important step forward because, for over a decade, we have had this flawed formula that has put the security of seniors’ health care access at risk. 
I want to applaud Dr. B
URGESS , and I 
want to applaud the bipartisan Doctors 
Caucus. You will hear from a lot of doctors here in Congress that this is a step forward because, when we took our oath to practice medicine, we took an oath to put our patients first. 
This is a good bill that puts our pa-
tients first: our seniors, folks who have worked their whole lives and who now, in retirement, need that security of being able to see their doctors. This bill repeals a flawed formula that has been patched 17 times over the years, and it replaces it with a better for-mula, a formula that moves us away from this fee-for-service model and that moves us toward practicing higher quality care and putting our patients first. 
It is not a perfect bill. Like many, I 
am disappointed to see the Hyde amendment included in this bill. I have always stood against the Hyde amend-ment and against other attempts to re-strict a woman’s right to make her own reproductive health decisions. 
The Hyde amendment is a temporary 
rider that expires every year; and we, along with many women across this country, look forward to the day when it will end. I came to Congress to put people first. I came to Congress to work across the aisle in a bipartisan way and to put our country first, and this is a great attempt. 
Again, I applaud the doctors in Con-
gress. I applaud the members of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, the 
members of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, the Speaker, and the leader of the Democratic Party here in the House for working together to put peo-ple first. 
This is a good bill as 7.4 million pa-
tients will still have access to care at community health centers, 8 million low-income children and pregnant women will still have access to care through the CHIP program, 49 million patients are enrolled in Medicare, and another 10,000 baby boomers enroll every day. This is a good thing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, we have got 
to honor the promises that we have made to our constituents and to the people of America. We have got to honor the promises that we have made to our patients and doctors. This is a good bill. 
I look forward to voting for and pass-
ing this bill today and to continuing to move America forward. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
Mr. BENISHEK. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. Thank you for all of your good work on this piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
rule for H.R. 2. 
Since the current flawed Medicare 
payment rate was enacted in 1997, Con-gress has kicked the can down the road and has passed 17 different patches to avoid devastating cuts to Medicare. These patches have cost the taxpayers almost $170 billion, more money than it will cost to permanently fix this prob-lem right now. 
Today, we have the opportunity to 
actually fix a major problem and pass meaningful legislation that will help keep Medicare solvent and ensure that seniors are able to get the medical care they deserve. 
As a doctor who has taken care of pa-
tients in northern Michigan for over 30 years, I know how terrible it would be if we failed to act today and how sen-iors would bear the brunt of that fail-ure. Today’s legislation may not be perfect; it is a bipartisan compromise that will ensure that Medicare con-tinues to provide necessary health care for my constituents in northern Michi-gan. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this commonsense and long overdue fix. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ). 
Mr. AGUILAR. I want to thank the 
gentleman from Massachusetts. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan com-
promise that we will address this after-noon over SGR will strengthen Medi-care by lowering costs and by ensuring that seniors have the doctors of their choice. While this agreement has im-portant provisions, including critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.001 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2042 March 26, 2015 
programs to help low-income seniors, 
families, and children, it does fall short in a few ways. 
As a member of the Pro-Choice Cau-
cus, I am disappointed that this deal both ignores the need for women to have access to their healthcare pro-viders and that it includes an antichoice provision. Today’s bill falls short of measures to increase women’s access to necessary health measures, such as annual exams or prescription medications. 
The other troubling aspect of today’s 
bill is the inclusion of the Hyde amend-ment, as the gentleman from Massa-chusetts mentioned. This is clearly an-other attack to block access to repro-ductive care. The inclusion of this lan-guage is disappointing because it per-mits antichoice language in an other-wise pragmatic, bipartisan compromise in exchange for community health cen-ter funding. 
I plan to support this bipartisan com-
promise because it solves longstanding problems and is a step in the right di-rection. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to the time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 18
1⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts has 21 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, which is a bill to repeal and replace the sustainable growth rate. 
This bill presents an historic oppor-
tunity for Congress to end the doc fix and comprehensively reform the Medi-care physician payment system once and for all. SGR has been broken for over a decade, and Congress has passed a temporary patch for this law 17 times. The price of putting off a perma-nent fix has cost the taxpayers almost $170 billion and has masked the insol-vency of Medicare. 
According to the nonpartisan Con-
gressional Budget Office, Mr. B
URGESS ’ 
legislation to repeal SGR would save $900 million over the next decade, com-pared to freezing payment rates for physician services. 
After a decade of Congress patching 
the flawed SGR formula, it is finally time to permanently repeal and replace the system once and for all. I urge my colleagues in the House and in the Sen-ate to pass this bill and finally fix the doc fix. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude the following statements for the R
ECORD in support of H.R. 2: the state-
ment by the Massachusetts Hospital Association, a statement by the Massa-chusetts Medical Society, a list of a number of groups in support of H.R. 2, statements by the American Hospital Association, SEIU, and others. They are all in support of this bill. MASSACHUSETTS HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION  
(MHA) S TATEMENT ON H.R. 2 
March 25, 2015 
The Massachusetts Hospital Association 
gives its full support to H.R. 2, the U.S. House bipartisan package to permanently re-peal the Medicare physician Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
We are especially relieved because there 
have been 17 short-term SGR fixes over the past few years, nearly all of which included significant reimbursement cuts to hospitals and other providers for nothing more than a couple-month band aid. This bill draws these short term patches to an end. We are re-lieved that Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram (CHIP) funding, community health center funding, and a continued delay to en-forcement of the two-midnight rule are in-cluded. 
We support the bill not only for what it 
does, but also for what it does not do; it re-jects cuts to graduate medical education, Medicare bad debt, site neutral cuts to hos-pital outpatient departments and inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and it does not in-clude unsound and inequitable area wage index and rural floor policies. 
Obviously, we would prefer not to be part 
of the offsets to help pay for the package, but we are realistic and especially so because we realize that if this deal falls through and Congress must consider another one-year SGR delay, then these cuts to providers will still be in play to pay for a meaningless, ad-ditional one-year delay. We strongly prefer a permanent SGR fix and therefore give our full support to this bill. 
Most importantly, we thank our congres-
sional delegation for their efforts on behalf of hospitals. Given the political environment that has been a barrier to collaboration on major legislation, this bill represents an ex-ceptional accomplishment that benefits hos-pitals, physicians, other providers, and most notably, the long term health of the Medi-care program. 
MASSACHUSETTS MEDICAL SOCIETY , 
Waltham, MA, March 25, 2015. 
Hon. J AMES P. M CGOVERN , 
Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE MCGOVERN : I am 
writing you as President of the Massachu-setts Medical Society to urge you to vote in support of HR 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. Your support for this legislation will be critical to its success and our members’ ability to continue to treat Medicare and Tricare patients who need and deserve quality health care. More-over this bill will continue funding for the CHIP program at increased levels for two years and provide necessary funds for our Community Health Centers, a vital compo-nent of our health care system. 
We have been extremely grateful for your 
ongoing support for SGR reforms in the past. As you are well aware, Congress has passed 17 temporary measures which ultimately have cost the government more money than a permanent solution. We believe the time has finally come to pass permanent Medicare physician payment reform. 
The importance of the SGR reforms ex-
tends well beyond the 26,000 members of the Massachusetts Medical Society. It will im-pact the nearly 71,597 military families who receive their health insurance through Tricare, the 74,525 people employed by physi-cians and the over 1,104,483 Medicare bene-ficiaries who live in the Commonwealth. This bill will also impact every hospital in the state that employs physicians, every medical device manufacturer who sells prod-ucts to physicians’ offices and the myriad of organizations that rely on Medicare dollars. 
This bill is about ensuring seniors and mili-tary families’ access to care. It is about sus-taining physician practices. Of equal impor-tance, this legislation will significantly fos-ter and reward changes in the health care de-livery system that we all hope to achieve. 
We also strongly support provisions reau-
thorizing the CHIP program. The MMS has been a strong supporter of this program since its inception. This legislation provides an opportunity for Congress to address the health care needs of children and low-income Americans by extending funding for the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program and pro-viding critical support for Community Health Centers. We believe a straightforward 2 year reauthorization of the CHIP program at the 23% increased rates set by the ACA would be critically important to the patients served by this program. Should the program not be reauthorized at these levels it is esti-mated that Massachusetts could lose mil-lions of dollars—funds that this state des-perately needs. 
We knew that passage of final SGR repeal 
would never be easy. But we are truly at that point where we believe the leadership has de-veloped a SGR strategy that is achievable. 
As President of the Massachusetts Medical 
Society I want to thank you for your ongo-ing support for Medicare payment reform and urge you to continue your support by voting for HR 2 when it comes to the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
R
ICHARD S. P IETERS , M.D. 
SOME OF THE GROUPS SUPPORTING H.R. 2, 
MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP R EAUTHORIZA -
TION ACT OF 2015 
Center for American Progress, Families 
USA, Center on Budget and Policy Prior-ities, Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP), National Coalition on Health Care (coalition of over 80 groups), Healthcare Leadership Council, March of Dimes, JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes), Georgetown Center for Children and Families, National Association of Community Health Centers, Third Way, Bipartisan Policy Center, American Medical Association, American College of Physicians, American College of Surgeons, American College of Cardiology, American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Osteo-pathic Association, American Academy of Family Physicians. 
American College of Allergy, Asthma and 
Immunology, American Association of Med-ical Colleges, Digestive Health Physicians Association, American College of Radiology, Council of Academic Family Medicine, American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, American Hospital Association, Federation of American Hospitals, America’s Essential Hospitals, Children’s Hospital As-sociation, Catholic Health Association of the United States, American Health Care Asso-ciation, National Center for Assisted Living. 
American Nurses Association, American 
Association of Colleges of Nursing, American Association of Nurse Practitioners, Amer-ican Association of Nurse Anesthetists, American College of Nurse-Midwives, Geron-tological Advance Practice Nurses Associa-tion, National Association of Clinical Nurse Specialists, National Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health, Medical Group Management Association, Premier healthcare alliance, VHA Inc., LUGPA (Large Urology Group Practice Association), National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, National Retail Federation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.009 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2043 March 26, 2015 
AMERICAN HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, March 24, 2015. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of 
the nearly 5,000 members of the American Hospital Association, I am writing to express our support for H.R. 2, bipartisan legislation to repeal the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula for physician payments under the Medicare program. We believe Congress should move forward and address this issue on a permanent basis. 
While we are disappointed that hospitals 
would be looked to as an offset given that Medicare already pays less than the cost of delivering services to beneficiaries, the pack-age strikes a careful balance in the way it funds the SGR repeal and embraces a number of structural reforms to the Medicare pro-gram. Equally important, the legislation re-jects a number of flawed policy options, in-cluding reductions to outpatient hospital services (so-called ‘‘site-neutral’’ cuts), Medicare bad debt payments, graduate med-ical education, critical access hospitals and certain services provided in rehabilitative hospitals. Moreover, the bill rejects a further delay in the ICD–10 program, and prevents a potential 0.55 percent coding offset pre-viously proposed by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. The legislation also eliminates cuts to the Medicaid Dispropor-tionate Share Hospital program in fiscal year 2017. Finally, the bill includes a needed extension of a number of expiring provision (so-called extenders), including the Medicare Dependent Hospital program, the rural low- volume adjustment, the rural ambulance add-on, the partial enforcement delay on Medicare’s ‘‘two-midnight’’ policy, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
We commend the House Republican and 
Democratic leadership in their design of this package, and urge the House to pass it. 
Sincerely, 
R
ICHUMBDENSTOCK , 
President and CEO. 
SEIU, 
March 25, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , The Service Em-
ployees International Union (SEIU) ex-presses its support for H.R. 2, legislation that would permanently replace the Sustain-able Growth Rate (SGR) formula used to de-termine Medicare payments to doctors. We appreciate the bipartisan negotiations that led to this compromise, and, at this point in the process, urge House members to vote yes to move the process forward. 
Tens of millions of Americans, and ap-
proximately one million of SEIU members, have jobs that depend on a strong health care economy, and many work in environ-ments that face considerable strains as a re-sult of the uncertainty created by the SGR. For example, due to short-term SGR patch-es, hospitals face the threat of problematic payment changes every several months, cre-ating an unpredictable landscape that ad-versely affects the ability of hospitals to pro-vide care as well as their ability to support the health care workforce. Long-term, the pressure that the SGR creates will continue to grow because the cost of replacing the pol-icy, in both patches and in its entirety, only increases radically over time. H.R. 2 perma-nently replaces the SGR formula, offsetting $70 billion in costs, preventing significantly higher and potentially more harmful cuts to Medicare and other health care programs now and in the future. 
In addition to relieving the burden that 
the costs of SGR patches and replacement place on the health care system, this legisla-tion extends, and in some case makes perma-nent, programs that are essential to low- and moderate-income families. H.R. 2 extends 
full funding under current law for the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) for an additional two years. CHIP funding is set to expire in September 2015. Millions of fami-lies, including those of our members, depend on CHIP to provide health care coverage for their children. Though we support extending CHIP funding under current law for four years, extending CHIP funding under current law for two years does provide predictability that states need to appropriately administer the program and prevents problematic changes in eligibility and coverage that would limit access to care or increase costs for the CHIP population. In addition, this legislation provides an additional funding for Community Health Centers, a critically im-portant source of health care for millions of families. Finally, the legislation makes per-manent the Qualifying Individual (QI) pro-gram, which covers the cost of Medicare Part B premiums for low-income people with Medicare, and the Transitional Medicaid As-sistance (TMA) program, which supports families losing coverage. These important programs that protect low-income popu-lations are set to expire and, without pas-sage of this legislation, face an uncertain fu-ture, as historically they have been extended only on a temporary basis. 
Like any compromise, this package has se-
rious flaws. As previously stated, House Re-publican leaders should have agreed to fund CHIP under current law for an additional four years and should not have required changes to Medicare benefits in order to reach an agreement. While some of the changes to Medicare are mitigated because they only apply to consumers with truly higher incomes, we have concerns about the precedents set by these changes and changes to Medigap coverage policies. In addition, we continue to oppose any language that ex-pands policies that deny millions of women the right to access the full range of repro-ductive health care services. Lastly, in order to avoid policy changes that put additional financial burdens on beneficiaries and pro-viders—who have already faced significant SGR-related cuts—other stakeholders should have been required to contribute more in terms of offsets. However, despite these con-cerns, when considering the potential impact of this package versus the adverse con-sequences that non-resolution of both the SGR and CHIP funding may have on all health programs and the populations they serve, we believe that this is an acceptable solution that House members should sup-port. 
For these reasons, we urge you to vote yes 
on this compromise legislation. If you have any questions, please call Ilene Stein, SEIU Assistant Legislative Director. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARYKAYHENRY , 
International President. 
STATEMENT BY SENIOR FELLOW ALLYSON  
SCHWARTZ , SENIOR FELLOW DR. ZEKEEMAN-
UEL, ANDVICEPRESIDENT FOR HEALTH POL-
ICYTOPHER SPIRO 
The Center for American Progress supports 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act, or MACRA. This bipartisan legisla-tion represents a significant achievement be-cause it reforms Medicare’s payment system and maintains critical funding for health care for millions of low-income children, families, and seniors. While we urge Congress to offer amendments that would improve the bill, enactment of this legislation would be far better than resorting to another short- term fix that could put these programs in jeopardy. The addition of the Hyde language restricting abortions is unnecessary and frankly offensive, but we believe the deal is 
an important step forward. 
Unless Congress extends funding for these 
programs now, they will face tremendous un-certainty and risk and could be held hostage in partisan legislation later in the year. MACRA addresses this serious risk by in-cluding the following: 
The bill extends the Children’s Health In-
surance Program, or CHIP, for two years. Without this extension, about 2 million chil-dren would become uninsured, while millions more would lose their current coverage and face higher costs. Importantly, this is a ‘‘clean’’ extension that maintains policies and funding included in the Affordable Care Act—and that does not include detrimental policies or cuts proposed by the Republican leadership in Congress. This clean extension would be a significant feat given the polit-ical realities of this Congress and should not be discounted. Even so, we strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to extend CHIP for at least four years. 
The bill extends funding for community 
health centers included in the Affordable Care Act. Without this funding, 7.4 million low-income patients—including 4.3 million women—would lose access to health care. While not a change to current policy, the bill applies the Hyde Amendment, which re-stricts funding for abortions, to this funding. CAP opposes the Hyde Amendment, which harms low-income women, and ultimately wants this temporary restriction to expire for good. The application of the Hyde Amendment is, at best, unnecessary and, at worst, an indication that Republican leader-ship in Congress will attempt to use every bill to restrict access to abortion, which is unacceptable. In this case, the offensive lan-guage does not change policy and—similar to the Hyde Amendment that has always ap-plied to funding for community health cen-ters—is temporary and expires along with the funding to which it applies. Even so, we strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to remove this language. 
The bill extends the Maternal, Infant, and 
Early Childhood Home Visiting program for two years. This funding supports evidence- based programs that have been proven to re-duce health care costs, improve school readi-ness, and increase family self-sufficiency and economic security. We strongly urge Con-gress to amend MACRA to extend this pro-gram for at least four years. 
The bill extends the Qualifying Individual 
Program—which subsidizes Medicare pre-miums for low-income beneficiaries—perma-nently. 
By permanently correcting Medicare pay-
ments to physicians, MACRA at long last provides much-needed certainty and sta-bility to the Medicare program. Importantly, the bill provides financial incentives to rein-force the country’s path toward a health care system that rewards value and quality of care. 
We recognize that any bipartisan com-
promise that could be enacted by Congress would need to pay for at least a portion of the additional spending that would result— and that the pay-fors would need to include a roughly equal mixture of cuts to providers and cuts to beneficiaries. We also recognize that the alternative—a never-ending series of short-term patches that are fully paid for—would likely result in deeper and more painful cuts to the Medicare program over time. 
On the beneficiary side, MACRA increases 
Medicare premiums by $82.50 per month for couples with incomes from $267,000 to $428,000 and singles with incomes from $133,500 to $214,000. Because this premium increase is targeted to the top 2 percent of beneficiaries, it is the least objectionable beneficiary cut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.008 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2044 March 26, 2015 
that could have been included in such a 
package. The bill does not otherwise increase premiums across the board by $58 billion, as some have asserted, compared to premium levels under current policy. 
MACRA’s other beneficiary cut causes us 
more concern. Currently, about 12 percent of beneficiaries purchase Medigap supplemental policies to cover their out-of-pocket costs. The bill prohibits these policies from cov-
ering the deductible for physician services, which is $147 in 2015. The effect of this change is limited because it goes into effect in 2020 and applies only to new beneficiaries. In addition, because Medigap policies would no longer cover the deductible, premiums for these policies would go down. For most af-fected beneficiaries, the savings from lower Medigap premiums would actually exceed the costs from deductibles. However, it is possible that hundreds of thousands of bene-ficiaries with incomes below 300 percent of the federal poverty line would face net costs of less than $100 per year. We strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to protect low- income beneficiaries from this change—ei-ther by exempting primary care from their deductibles or by expanding cost-sharing subsidies for this targeted group. 
While we would like to see this legislation 
strengthened, as we have recommended above, this compromise legislation takes an important step in Medicare payment reform and ensures continued funding that improves the health and welfare of millions of chil-dren, families, and seniors. We urge Congress to enact it. 
BPC U RGES CONGRESS TO PASSLEGISLATION  
TOREFORM MEDICARE AND EXTEND CHIL-
DREN ’SHEALTH INSURANCE  
[Press Release, March 25, 2015] 
WASHINGTON , DC.—The Bipartisan Policy 
Center (BPC) issued the following statement by BPC President Jason Grumet; Senior Vice President Bill Hoagland; and Health Policy Director Katherine Hayes regarding the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015: 
‘‘We urge Congress to act swiftly to pass 
H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reau-thorization Act introduced this week by chairmen and ranking members of the House Energy & Commerce and Ways & Means Committees. This bill would permanently re-place Medicare’s sustainable growth rate (SGR) physician payment system, extend funding for the State Children’s Health In-surance Program (CHIP), and implement structural reforms in Medicare to improve care delivery and slow rising costs. 
‘‘Like any good bipartisan compromise, 
this legislation strikes a careful balance that will draw both praise and criticism. By reconciling these competing views, the pro-posed legislation offers a set of politically viable solutions that deserve broad bipar-tisan support. 
‘‘A permanent SGR repeal—coupled with 
new incentives to improve quality and value in Medicare—would end the senseless peren-nial series of temporary patches to prevent payment cuts to physicians; it would also en-able Congress to move forward on a broader set of reforms. 
‘‘A two-year extension of full CHIP funding 
with no programmatic changes, would pro-vide near-term certainty to states and low- income families who rely upon this essential program. 
‘‘A balanced package of policy ‘offsets’—in-
cluding cuts from providers and 2% of high- income seniors—would pay for a significant portion of the legislation. Additional savings from improved Medicare payment incentives may accrue over the long term. 
‘‘A provision to make permanent the Medi-
care Qualifying Individual program would provide extra help to lower income seniors in 
paying their Medicare Part B premiums. 
‘‘We urge U.S. Senators and House mem-
bers to act now to extend and improve these critical programs for our nation’s seniors, children, and health care providers.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I 
said, it is not a perfect bill, but it rep-resents, I think, a major accomplish-ment. 
If I could inquire of the gentleman as 
to how many additional speakers he has. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, we have 
no additional speakers at this time. I am prepared to close after the gen-tleman closes. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield myself the 
balance of my time, and I will take this opportunity to close my side of the de-bate, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thank-
ing all of those who have been involved in this compromise, especially Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader P ELOSI . I want to 
thank Mr. B URGESS . I want to thank all 
of the members of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. I am grateful to the staffs of all of the relevant committees for all of the work that they have put into this. 
I especially want to acknowledge the 
incredible work of the staff who works in the Office of Legislative Counsel. They don’t always get thanked, but they do so much of the work around here, not only on important and com-plicated legislation like what we are debating here today, but on all legisla-tion, so we are grateful to them. 
I don’t really know what else to say 
here except that I am happy we are doing something, and I am happy that we are actually putting forward a bill, a bipartisan bill, that will help a lot of the people who most need help. 
As Mr. B
URGESS said, in reality, this 
bill is about access, making sure our senior citizens have the access to the doctors and to the health care that they want. We are making that pos-sible through this bill, as well as help-ing countless children and low-income families and supporting our commu-nity health centers. 
This has been kind of an incredible 
week. It is hard to believe. First, we read that T
EDCRUZ signs up for 
ObamaCare, and now, we have this bi-partisan compromise on the doc fix, and it reauthorizes CHIP and provides money to our community health cen-ters. 
Who knows. I mean, if this is con-
tagious, maybe next week, we will deal with climate change, so I am feeling good as we close this week. Again, I hope this is a coming attraction of what we can see in the future: more bi-partisan cooperation, more give and take. 
If we follow what we did here, we ac-
tually can accomplish a lot more for the American people, and I think that would be a good thing. 
Let’s get this done. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. Today’s rule provides for the consid-
eration of legislation addressing the pernicious sustainable growth rate for-mula, the most threatening issue in Medicare, risking patient access to care for our seniors. 
As I close, I would like to note that 
each committee’s work is represented in H.R. 2. The base policy of H.R. 2 has the backing of the House and Senate negotiators and of all three commit-tees of jurisdiction. 
I certainly want to thank the Speak-
er and the minority leader and their staffs for building off of the policy work accomplished by the committees to present a political pathway forward for this bipartisan bill. 
I thank the chairmen and ranking 
members of the House Committees on 
Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means, as well as of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, for coming together for our Nation’s doctors and seniors. 
I must note Chairman U
PTON , Chair-
man P ITTS, Chairman R YAN, Chairman 
BRADY , and former Chairman Camp, as 
well as Ranking Members P ALLONE , 
GENE GREEN , S ANDER LEVIN, J IM 
MCDERMOTT , and former Ranking 
Member Henry Waxman. 
I would also like to thank all of the 
staffs who have worked on this issue— who have labored on this issue—for years. I know I will miss some people, but I do want to mention a few at the committee level who have dedicated themselves to getting us here today. 
b0945 
Some have left or switched their 
roles, but their work from the begin-ning deserves recognition. Certainly I want to thank Clay Alspach, Robert Horne, Ryan Long, Dr. John O’Shea, Dr. Steve Ferrara, Amy Hall, Eddie Garcia, Tiffany Guarascio, Arielle Woronoff, Brett Baker, Brian Sutter, Matt Hoffmann, Erin Richardson, and J. P. Paluskiewicz on my staff. 
I also want to thank the unsung he-
roes at the House Legislative Counsel, namely, Jessica Shapiro, Ed Grossman, and Jesse Cross. 
Every success we have had at each 
point in this process was further than we had ever come before, and that in-volved a lot of work, a lot of negotia-tion, and a lot of overwhelming desire to see the process through to the end. 
Ultimately, if this is a package that 
can go to the White House, all of this will be worth it. I certainly do look for-ward to passage and hope that, given the positive signs evidenced over the past several days, the other Chamber will quickly embrace this package and ultimately get this badly needed policy into law. 
I certainly want my colleagues to 
support both the rule and the under-lying bill. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This bill funds Community Health Centers for two years at $7.2 billion dollars. These community health centers serve many of the newly insured peo-ple in my district. Thanks to the Affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:51 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H26MR5.REC H26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2045 March 26, 2015 
Care Act, they have health insurance, but 
thanks to community health centers, they have health care. 
H.R. 2 also extends the CHIP program and 
keeps over 8 million low-income children and pregnant women in families from losing their health insurance. 
Lastly, H.R. 2 finally fixes the SGR, the 
Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate. The SGR was an ill-conceived plan to control the growth in health care costs by slashing doctor pay. We were in danger of doctors dropping Medi-care patients, putting seniors’ access to critical medical care at risk. The yearly short-term fixes have cost us more over the years than it would have to get rid of it, so I am pleased we are finally doing the right thing today in a way that moves us toward quality health care for Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, I’d like to take this opportunity 
to clarify a provision in H.R. 2 and how it dif-fers from S. 178—the Senate Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (JVTA). 
As you know, the Senate is having a debate 
about a provision to make the Hyde Amend-ment part of permanent law and to apply it to non-taxpayer funds. As co-chair of the Pro Choice Caucus, I want to make this clear: the Senate bill creates a new Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund that would be funded—not by taxpayer dollars—but through fines imposed on defendants convicted of human trafficking, sexual exploitation and human smuggling crimes. The Hyde Amendment only applies to taxpayer dollars. Hyde Amendment restrictions have never been applied on a federal fund containing zero taxpayer dollars. This new fund is not federal dollars and therefore not el-igible for Hyde. The pro-choice senators who are fighting against this expansion have my full support. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 12, answered ‘‘present’’ 5, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 143] 
YEAS—402 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield 
Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—12 
Amash 
Brooks (AL) Cicilline Cooper Gallego 
Graham Huelskamp Jones Massie 
Rangel Tonko Tsongas 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—5 
Gosar Griffith Labrador 
Mulvaney Stutzman 
NOT VOTING—13 
Conyers 
Franks (AZ) Hinojosa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Langevin 
Meeks Palazzo Payne Ruiz Schweikert 
Smith (WA) Young (AK) 
b1011 
Mr. AMASH changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay. 
Messrs. BISHOP of Georgia, WALZ, 
LOEBSACK, M CNERNEY, CAPUANO, 
O’ROURKE, HANNA, and SEAN PAT-RICK MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present for rollcall vote No. 143. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
vote No. 143, I voted ‘‘no’’ and I intended to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
House Resolution 173, I call up the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to repeal the Medi-care sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improv-ing physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 173, the amendment printed in House Report 114–50 is considered adopted. The bill, as amended, is con-sidered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 2 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.002 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2046 March 26, 2015 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—SGR REPEAL AND MEDICARE 
PROVIDER PAYMENT MODERNIZATION 
Sec. 101. Repealing the sustainable growth 
rate (SGR) and improving Medi-care payment for physicians’ services. 
Sec. 102. Priorities and funding for measure 
development. 
Sec. 103. Encouraging care management for 
individuals with chronic care needs. 
Sec. 104. Empowering beneficiary choices 
through continued access to in-formation on physicians’ serv-ices. 
Sec. 105. Expanding availability of Medicare 
data. 
Sec. 106. Reducing administrative burden 
and other provisions. 
TITLE II—MEDICARE AND OTHER 
HEALTH EXTENDERS 
Subtitle A—Medicare Extenders 
Sec. 201. Extension of work GPCI floor. 
Sec. 202. Extension of therapy cap excep-
tions process. 
Sec. 203. Extension of ambulance add-ons. Sec. 204. Extension of increased inpatient 
hospital payment adjustment for certain low-volume hos-pitals. 
Sec. 205. Extension of the Medicare-depend-
ent hospital (MDH) program. 
Sec. 206. Extension for specialized Medicare 
Advantage plans for special needs individuals. 
Sec. 207. Extension of funding for quality 
measure endorsement, input, and selection. 
Sec. 208. Extension of funding outreach and 
assistance for low-income pro-grams. 
Sec. 209. Extension and transition of reason-
able cost reimbursement con-tracts. 
Sec. 210. Extension of home health rural 
add-on. 
Subtitle B—Other Health Extenders 
Sec. 211. Permanent extension of the quali-
fying individual (QI) program. 
Sec. 212. Permanent extension of transi-
tional medical assistance (TMA). 
Sec. 213. Extension of special diabetes pro-
gram for type I diabetes and for Indians. 
Sec. 214. Extension of abstinence education. Sec. 215. Extension of personal responsi-
bility education program (PREP). 
Sec. 216. Extension of funding for family-to- 
family health information cen-ters. 
Sec. 217. Extension of health workforce dem-
onstration project for low-in-come individuals. 
Sec. 218. Extension of maternal, infant, and 
early childhood home visiting programs. 
Sec. 219. Tennessee DSH allotment for fiscal 
years 2015 through 2025. 
Sec. 220. Delay in effective date for Medicaid 
amendments relating to bene-ficiary liability settlements. 
Sec. 221. Extension of funding for commu-
nity health centers, the Na-tional Health Service Corps, and teaching health centers. 
TITLE III—CHIP 
Sec. 301. 2-year extension of the Children’s 
Health Insurance Program. 
Sec. 302. Extension of express lane eligi-
bility. Sec. 303. Extension of outreach and enroll-
ment program. 
Sec. 304. Extension of certain programs and 
demonstration projects. 
Sec. 305. Report of Inspector General of HHS 
on use of express lane option under Medicaid and CHIP. 
TITLE IV—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Medicare Beneficiary Reforms 
Sec. 401. Limitation on certain medigap 
policies for newly eligible Medi-care beneficiaries. 
Sec. 402. Income-related premium adjust-
ment for parts B and D. 
Subtitle B—Other Offsets 
Sec. 411. Medicare payment updates for 
post-acute providers. 
Sec. 412. Delay of reduction to Medicaid 
DSH allotments. 
Sec. 413. Levy on delinquent providers. Sec. 414. Adjustments to inpatient hospital 
payment rates. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Subtitle A—Protecting the Integrity of 
Medicare 
Sec. 501. Prohibition of inclusion of Social 
Security account numbers on Medicare cards. 
Sec. 502. Preventing wrongful Medicare pay-
ments for items and services furnished to incarcerated indi-viduals, individuals not law-fully present, and deceased in-dividuals. 
Sec. 503. Consideration of measures regard-
ing Medicare beneficiary smart cards. 
Sec. 504. Modifying Medicare durable med-
ical equipment face-to-face en-counter documentation require-ment. 
Sec. 505. Reducing improper Medicare pay-
ments. 
Sec. 506. Improving senior Medicare patrol 
and fraud reporting rewards. 
Sec. 507. Requiring valid prescriber National 
Provider Identifiers on phar-macy claims. 
Sec. 508. Option to receive Medicare Sum-
mary Notice electronically. 
Sec. 509. Renewal of MAC contracts. 
Sec. 510. Study on pathway for incentives to 
States for State participation in medicaid data match pro-gram. 
Sec. 511. Guidance on application of Com-
mon Rule to clinical data reg-istries. 
Sec. 512. Eliminating certain civil money 
penalties; gainsharing study and report. 
Sec. 513. Modification of Medicare home 
health surety bond condition of participation requirement. 
Sec. 514. Oversight of Medicare coverage of 
manual manipulation of the spine to correct subluxation. 
Sec. 515. National expansion of prior author-
ization model for repetitive scheduled non-emergent ambu-lance transport. 
Sec. 516. Repealing duplicative Medicare 
secondary payor provision. 
Sec. 517. Plan for expanding data in annual 
CERT report. 
Sec. 518. Removing funds for Medicare Im-
provement Fund added by IM-PACT Act of 2014. 
Sec. 519. Rule of construction. 
Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
Sec. 521. Extension of two-midnight PAMA 
rules on certain medical review activities. 
Sec. 522. Requiring bid surety bonds and 
State licensure for entities sub-mitting bids under the Medi-care DMEPOS competitive ac-quisition program. Sec. 523. Payment for global surgical pack-
ages. 
Sec. 524. Extension of Secure Rural Schools 
and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000. 
Sec. 525. Exclusion from PAYGO scorecards. 
TITLE I—SGR REPEAL AND MEDICARE 
PROVIDER PAYMENT MODERNIZATION 
SEC. 101. REPEALING THE SUSTAINABLE 
GROWTH RATE (SGR) AND IMPROV-ING MEDICARE PAYMENT FOR PHY-SICIANS’ SERVICES. 
(a) S TABILIZING FEEUPDATES .— 
(1) R EPEAL OF SGR PAYMENT METHOD -
OLOGY .—Section 1848 of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)(A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and ending with 2025’’ 
after ‘‘beginning with 2001’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘or a subsequent para-
graph’’ after ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND END -
ING WITH 2014 ’’ after ‘‘ YEARS BEGINNING WITH  
2001’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
ending with 2014’’ after ‘‘a year beginning with 2001’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting 
‘‘through 2014’’ after ‘‘of each succeeding year’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and ending with 2014’’ after ‘‘beginning with 2000’’. 
(2) U
PDATE OF RATES FOR 2015 AND SUBSE -
QUENT YEARS .—Subsection (d) of section 1848 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(A), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘There shall be two sepa-rate conversion factors for each year begin-ning with 2026, one for items and services furnished by a qualifying APM participant (as defined in section 1833(z)(2)) (referred to in this subsection as the ‘qualifying APM conversion factor’) and the other for other items and services (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘nonqualifying APM conver-sion factor’), equal to the respective conver-sion factor for the previous year (or, in the case of 2026, equal to the single conversion factor for 2025) multiplied by the update es-tablished under paragraph (20) for such re-spective conversion factor for such year.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting ‘‘(or, 
beginning with 2026, applicable conversion factor)’’ after ‘‘single conversion factor’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (16) and inserting 
the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(16) U
PDATE FOR JANUARY THROUGH JUNE  
OF 2015 .—Subject to paragraphs (7)(B), (8)(B), 
(9)(B), (10)(B), (11)(B), (12)(B), (13)(B), (14)(B), and (15)(B), in lieu of the update to the single conversion factor established in paragraph (1)(C) that would otherwise apply for 2015 for the period beginning on January 1, 2015, and ending on June 30, 2015, the update to the single conversion factor shall be 0.0 percent. 
‘‘(17) U
PDATE FOR JULY THROUGH DECEMBER  
OF 2015 .—The update to the single conversion 
factor established in paragraph (1)(C) for the period beginning on July 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2015, shall be 0.5 percent. 
‘‘(18) U
PDATE FOR 2016 THROUGH 2019 .—The 
update to the single conversion factor estab-lished in paragraph (1)(C) for 2016 and each subsequent year through 2019 shall be 0.5 per-cent. 
‘‘(19) U
PDATE FOR 2020 THROUGH 2025 .—The 
update to the single conversion factor estab-lished in paragraph (1)(C) for 2020 and each subsequent year through 2025 shall be 0.0 per-cent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2047 March 26, 2015 
‘‘(20) U PDATE FOR 2026 AND SUBSEQUENT  
YEARS .—For 2026 and each subsequent year, 
the update to the qualifying APM conversion factor established under paragraph (1)(A) is 0.75 percent, and the update to the nonquali-fying APM conversion factor established under such paragraph is 0.25 percent.’’. 
(3) M
EDPAC REPORTS .— 
(A) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than July 1, 
2017, the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission shall submit to Congress a report on the relationship between— 
(i) physician and other health professional 
utilization and expenditures (and the rate of increase of such utilization and expendi-tures) of items and services for which pay-ment is made under section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4); and 
(ii) total utilization and expenditures (and 
the rate of increase of such utilization and expenditures) under parts A, B, and D of title XVIII of such Act. 
Such report shall include a methodology to 
describe such relationship and the impact of changes in such physician and other health professional practice and service ordering patterns on total utilization and expendi-tures under parts A, B, and D of such title. 
(B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than July 1, 
2021, the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission shall submit to Congress a report on the relationship described in subparagraph (A), including the results determined from applying the methodology included in the re-port submitted under such subparagraph. 
(C) R
EPORT ON UPDATE TO PHYSICIANS ’ SERV -
ICES UNDER MEDICARE .—Not later than July 1, 
2019, the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission shall submit to Congress a report on— 
(i) the payment update for professional 
services applied under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for the period of years 2015 through 2019; 
(ii) the effect of such update on the effi-
ciency, economy, and quality of care pro-vided under such program; 
(iii) the effect of such update on ensuring a 
sufficient number of providers to maintain access to care by Medicare beneficiaries; and 
(iv) recommendations for any future pay-
ment updates for professional services under such program to ensure adequate access to care is maintained for Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
(b) C
ONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN CURRENT  
LAWPERFORMANCE PROGRAMS WITH NEW 
MERIT-BASED INCENTIVE PAYMENT SYSTEM .— 
(1) EHR MEANINGFUL USE INCENTIVE PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) S UNSETTING SEPARATE MEANINGFUL USE  
PAYMENT ADJUSTMENTS .—Section 
1848(a)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)(7)(A)) is amended— 
(i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘2015 or any 
subsequent payment year’’ and inserting ‘‘each of 2015 through 2018’’; 
(ii) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘each 
subsequent year’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and 
(iii) in clause (iii)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND SUBSE -
QUENT YEARS ’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘and each subsequent 
year’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘, but in no case shall the 
applicable percent be less than 95 percent’’. 
(B) C ONTINUATION OF MEANINGFUL USE DE -
TERMINATIONS FOR MIPS .—Section 1848(o)(2) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(o)(2)) is amended— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘For purposes of paragraph 
(1), an’’ and inserting ‘‘An’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, or pursuant to subpara-
graph (D) for purposes of subsection (q), for a performance period under such subsection for a year’’ after ‘‘under such subsection for 
a year’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION FOR PURPOSES  
OF MIPS .—With respect to 2019 and each sub-
sequent payment year, the Secretary shall, for purposes of subsection (q) and in accord-ance with paragraph (1)(F) of such sub-section, determine whether an eligible pro-fessional who is a MIPS eligible professional (as defined in subsection (q)(1)(C)) for such year is a meaningful EHR user under this paragraph for the performance period under subsection (q) for such year.’’. 
(2) Q
UALITY REPORTING .— 
(A) S UNSETTING SEPARATE QUALITY REPORT -
ING INCENTIVES .—Section 1848(a)(8)(A) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(a)(8)(A)) is amended— 
(i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘2015 or any 
subsequent year’’ and inserting ‘‘each of 2015 through 2018’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘and each 
subsequent year’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2017, and 2018’’. 
(B) C
ONTINUATION OF QUALITY MEASURES  
AND PROCESSES FOR MIPS .—Section 1848 of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— 
(i) in subsection (k), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION FOR PURPOSES  
OF MIPS AND FOR CERTAIN PROFESSIONALS VOL -
UNTEERING TO REPORT .—The Secretary shall, 
in accordance with subsection (q)(1)(F), carry out the provisions of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) for purposes of subsection (q); and ‘‘(B) for eligible professionals who are not 
MIPS eligible professionals (as defined in subsection (q)(1)(C)) for the year involved.’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (m)— (I) by redesignating paragraph (7) added by 
section 10327(a) of Public Law 111–148 as paragraph (8); and 
(II) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(9) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION FOR PURPOSES  
OF MIPS AND FOR CERTAIN PROFESSIONALS VOL -
UNTEERING TO REPORT .—The Secretary shall, 
in accordance with subsection (q)(1)(F), carry out the processes under this sub-section— 
‘‘(A) for purposes of subsection (q); and ‘‘(B) for eligible professionals who are not 
MIPS eligible professionals (as defined in subsection (q)(1)(C)) for the year involved.’’. 
(3) V
ALUE -BASED PAYMENTS .— 
(A) S UNSETTING SEPARATE VALUE -BASED  
PAYMENTS .—Clause (iii) of section 
1848(p)(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(p)(4)(B)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
apply the payment modifier established under this subsection for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2015, with re-spect to specific physicians and groups of physicians the Secretary determines appro-priate, and for services furnished on or after January 1, 2017, with respect to all physi-cians and groups of physicians. Such pay-ment modifier shall not be applied for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019.’’. 
(B) C
ONTINUATION OF VALUE -BASED PAYMENT  
MODIFIER MEASURES FOR MIPS .—Section 
1848(p) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(p)) is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION FOR PURPOSES  
OF MIPS .—The Secretary shall, in accordance 
with subsection (q)(1)(F), carry out subpara-graph (B) for purposes of subsection (q).’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘With respect to 2019 and each subsequent year, the Secretary shall, in ac-cordance with subsection (q)(1)(F), carry out this paragraph for purposes of subsection (q).’’. 
(c) M
ERIT-BASED INCENTIVE PAYMENT SYS-
TEM.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1848 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(q) M
ERIT-BASED INCENTIVE PAYMENT SYS-
TEM.— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the suc-
ceeding provisions of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish an eligible profes-sional Merit-based Incentive Payment Sys-tem (in this subsection referred to as the ‘MIPS’) under which the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) develop a methodology for assessing 
the total performance of each MIPS eligible professional according to performance stand-ards under paragraph (3) for a performance period (as established under paragraph (4)) for a year; 
‘‘(ii) using such methodology, provide for a 
composite performance score in accordance with paragraph (5) for each such professional for each performance period; and 
‘‘(iii) use such composite performance 
score of the MIPS eligible professional for a performance period for a year to determine and apply a MIPS adjustment factor (and, as applicable, an additional MIPS adjustment factor) under paragraph (6) to the profes-sional for the year. 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (C)(ii), under 
the MIPS, the Secretary shall permit any el-igible professional (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(B)) to report on applicable measures and activities described in paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(B) P
ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—The 
MIPS shall apply to payments for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019. 
‘‘(C) MIPS 
ELIGIBLE PROFESSIONAL DE -
FINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-
section, subject to clauses (ii) and (iv), the term ‘MIPS eligible professional’ means— 
‘‘(I) for the first and second years for which 
the MIPS applies to payments (and for the performance period for such first and second year), a physician (as defined in section 1861(r)), a physician assistant, nurse practi-tioner, and clinical nurse specialist (as such terms are defined in section 1861(aa)(5)), a certified registered nurse anesthetist (as de-fined in section 1861(bb)(2)), and a group that includes such professionals; and 
‘‘(II) for the third year for which the MIPS 
applies to payments (and for the perform-ance period for such third year) and for each succeeding year (and for the performance pe-
riod for each such year), the professionals de-scribed in subclause (I), such other eligible professionals (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(B)) as specified by the Secretary, and a group that includes such professionals. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—For purposes of clause 
(i), the term ‘MIPS eligible professional’ does not include, with respect to a year, an eligible professional (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(B)) who— 
‘‘(I) is a qualifying APM participant (as de-
fined in section 1833(z)(2)); 
‘‘(II) subject to clause (vii), is a partial 
qualifying APM participant (as defined in clause (iii)) for the most recent period for which data are available and who, for the performance period with respect to such year, does not report on applicable measures and activities described in paragraph (2)(B) that are required to be reported by such a professional under the MIPS; or 
‘‘(III) for the performance period with re-
spect to such year, does not exceed the low- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2048 March 26, 2015 
volume threshold measurement selected 
under clause (iv). 
‘‘(iii) P ARTIAL QUALIFYING APM PARTICI -
PANT .—For purposes of this subparagraph, 
the term ‘partial qualifying APM partici-pant’ means, with respect to a year, an eligi-ble professional for whom the Secretary de-termines the minimum payment percentage (or percentages), as applicable, described in paragraph (2) of section 1833(z) for such year have not been satisfied, but who would be considered a qualifying APM participant (as defined in such paragraph) for such year if— 
‘‘(I) with respect to 2019 and 2020, the ref-
erence in subparagraph (A) of such paragraph to 25 percent was instead a reference to 20 percent; 
‘‘(II) with respect to 2021 and 2022— ‘‘(aa) the reference in subparagraph (B)(i) 
of such paragraph to 50 percent was instead a reference to 40 percent; and 
‘‘(bb) the references in subparagraph (B)(ii) 
of such paragraph to 50 percent and 25 per-cent of such paragraph were instead ref-erences to 40 percent and 20 percent, respec-tively; and 
‘‘(III) with respect to 2023 and subsequent 
years— 
‘‘(aa) the reference in subparagraph (C)(i) 
of such paragraph to 75 percent was instead a reference to 50 percent; and 
‘‘(bb) the references in subparagraph (C)(ii) 
of such paragraph to 75 percent and 25 per-cent of such paragraph were instead ref-erences to 50 percent and 20 percent, respec-tively. 
‘‘(iv) S
ELECTION OF LOW -VOLUME THRESHOLD  
MEASUREMENT .—The Secretary shall select a 
low-volume threshold to apply for purposes of clause (ii)(III), which may include one or more or a combination of the following: 
‘‘(I) The minimum number (as determined 
by the Secretary) of individuals enrolled under this part who are treated by the eligi-ble professional for the performance period involved. 
‘‘(II) The minimum number (as determined 
by the Secretary) of items and services fur-nished to individuals enrolled under this part by such professional for such performance period. 
‘‘(III) The minimum amount (as deter-
mined by the Secretary) of allowed charges billed by such professional under this part for such performance period. 
‘‘(v) T
REATMENT OF NEW MEDICARE EN -
ROLLED ELIGIBLE PROFESSIONALS .—In the case 
of a professional who first becomes a Medi-care enrolled eligible professional during the performance period for a year (and had not previously submitted claims under this title such as a person, an entity, or a part of a physician group or under a different billing number or tax identifier), such professional shall not be treated under this subsection as a MIPS eligible professional until the subse-quent year and performance period for such subsequent year. 
‘‘(vi) C
LARIFICATION .—In the case of items 
and services furnished during a year by an individual who is not a MIPS eligible profes-sional (including pursuant to clauses (ii) and (v)) with respect to a year, in no case shall a MIPS adjustment factor (or additional MIPS adjustment factor) under paragraph (6) apply to such individual for such year. 
‘‘(vii) P
ARTIAL QUALIFYING APM PARTICI -
PANT CLARIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(I) T REATMENT AS MIPS ELIGIBLE PROFES -
SIONAL .—In the case of an eligible profes-
sional who is a partial qualifying APM par-ticipant, with respect to a year, and who, for the performance period for such year, reports on applicable measures and activities de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) that are required to be reported by such a professional under the MIPS, such eligible professional is con-sidered to be a MIPS eligible professional 
with respect to such year. 
‘‘(II) N
OT ELIGIBLE FOR QUALIFYING APM  
PARTICIPANT PAYMENTS .—In no case shall an 
eligible professional who is a partial quali-fying APM participant, with respect to a year, be considered a qualifying APM partic-ipant (as defined in paragraph (2) of section 1833(z)) for such year or be eligible for the ad-ditional payment under paragraph (1) of such section for such year. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO GROUP PRACTICES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Under the MIPS: 
‘‘(I) Q UALITY PERFORMANCE CATEGORY .—The 
Secretary shall establish and apply a process that includes features of the provisions of subsection (m)(3)(C) for MIPS eligible profes-sionals in a group practice with respect to assessing performance of such group with re-spect to the performance category described in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(II) O
THER PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES .— 
The Secretary may establish and apply a process that includes features of the provi-sions of subsection (m)(3)(C) for MIPS eligi-ble professionals in a group practice with re-spect to assessing the performance of such group with respect to the performance cat-egories described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of such paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) E
NSURING COMPREHENSIVENESS OF  
GROUP PRACTICE ASSESSMENT .—The process 
established under clause (i) shall to the ex-tent practicable reflect the range of items and services furnished by the MIPS eligible professionals in the group practice involved. 
‘‘(E) U
SE OF REGISTRIES .—Under the MIPS, 
the Secretary shall encourage the use of qualified clinical data registries pursuant to subsection (m)(3)(E) in carrying out this sub-section. 
‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
In applying a provision of subsection (k), (m), (o), or (p) for purposes of this sub-section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) adjust the application of such provi-
sion to ensure the provision is consistent with the provisions of this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) not apply such provision to the extent 
that the provision is duplicative with a pro-vision of this subsection. 
‘‘(G) A
CCOUNTING FOR RISK FACTORS .— 
‘‘(i) R ISK FACTORS .—Taking into account 
the relevant studies conducted and rec-ommendations made in reports under section 2(d) of the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation Act of 2014, and, as ap-propriate, other information, including in-formation collected before completion of such studies and recommendations, the Sec-retary, on an ongoing basis, shall, as the Secretary determines appropriate and based on an individual’s health status and other risk factors— 
‘‘(I) assess appropriate adjustments to 
quality measures, resource use measures, and other measures used under the MIPS; and 
‘‘(II) assess and implement appropriate ad-
justments to payment adjustments, com-posite performance scores, scores for per-formance categories, or scores for measures or activities under the MIPS. 
‘‘(2) M
EASURES AND ACTIVITIES UNDER PER -
FORMANCE CATEGORIES .— 
‘‘(A) P ERFORMANCE CATEGORIES .—Under the 
MIPS, the Secretary shall use the following performance categories (each of which is re-ferred to in this subsection as a performance category) in determining the composite per-formance score under paragraph (5): 
‘‘(i) Quality. ‘‘(ii) Resource use. ‘‘(iii) Clinical practice improvement activi-
ties. 
‘‘(iv) Meaningful use of certified EHR tech-
nology. ‘‘(B) M
EASURES AND ACTIVITIES SPECIFIED  
FOR EACH CATEGORY .—For purposes of para-
graph (3)(A) and subject to subparagraph (C), measures and activities specified for a per-formance period (as established under para-graph (4)) for a year are as follows: 
‘‘(i) Q
UALITY .—For the performance cat-
egory described in subparagraph (A)(i), the quality measures included in the final meas-ures list published under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year and the list of quality meas-ures described in subparagraph (D)(vi) used by qualified clinical data registries under subsection (m)(3)(E). 
‘‘(ii) R
ESOURCE USE .—For the performance 
category described in subparagraph (A)(ii), the measurement of resource use for such pe-riod under subsection (p)(3), using the meth-odology under subsection (r) as appropriate, and, as feasible and applicable, accounting for the cost of drugs under part D. 
‘‘(iii) C
LINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC -
TIVITIES .—For the performance category de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii), clinical practice improvement activities (as defined in subparagraph (C)(v)(III)) under subcat-egories specified by the Secretary for such period, which shall include at least the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(I) The subcategory of expanded practice 
access, such as same day appointments for urgent needs and after hours access to clini-cian advice. 
‘‘(II) The subcategory of population man-
agement, such as monitoring health condi-tions of individuals to provide timely health care interventions or participation in a qualified clinical data registry. 
‘‘(III) The subcategory of care coordina-
tion, such as timely communication of test results, timely exchange of clinical informa-tion to patients and other providers, and use of remote monitoring or telehealth. 
‘‘(IV) The subcategory of beneficiary en-
gagement, such as the establishment of care plans for individuals with complex care needs, beneficiary self-management assess-ment and training, and using shared deci-sion-making mechanisms. 
‘‘(V) The subcategory of patient safety and 
practice assessment, such as through use of clinical or surgical checklists and practice assessments related to maintaining certifi-cation. 
‘‘(VI) The subcategory of participation in 
an alternative payment model (as defined in section 1833(z)(3)(C)). 
In establishing activities under this clause, 
the Secretary shall give consideration to the circumstances of small practices (consisting of 15 or fewer professionals) and practices lo-cated in rural areas and in health profes-sional shortage areas (as designated under section 332(a)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act). 
‘‘(iv) M
EANINGFUL EHR USE .—For the per-
formance category described in subpara-graph (A)(iv), the requirements established for such period under subsection (o)(2) for de-termining whether an eligible professional is a meaningful EHR user. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(i) E MPHASIZING OUTCOME MEASURES UNDER  
THE QUALITY PERFORMANCE CATEGORY .—In ap-
plying subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary shall, as feasible, emphasize the application of outcome measures. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION OF ADDITIONAL SYSTEM  
MEASURES .—The Secretary may use meas-
ures used for a payment system other than for physicians, such as measures for inpa-tient hospitals, for purposes of the perform-ance categories described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A). For purposes of the previous sentence, the Secretary may not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2049 March 26, 2015 
use measures for hospital outpatient depart-
ments, except in the case of items and serv-ices furnished by emergency physicians, ra-diologists, and anesthesiologists. 
‘‘(iii) G
LOBAL AND POPULATION -BASED MEAS -
URES .—The Secretary may use global meas-
ures, such as global outcome measures, and population-based measures for purposes of the performance category described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). 
‘‘(iv) A
PPLICATION OF MEASURES AND ACTIVI -
TIES TO NON -PATIENT -FACING PROFES -
SIONALS .—In carrying out this paragraph, 
with respect to measures and activities spec-ified in subparagraph (B) for performance categories described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary— 
‘‘(I) shall give consideration to the cir-
cumstances of professional types (or subcat-egories of those types determined by prac-tice characteristics) who typically furnish services that do not involve face-to-face interaction with a patient; and 
‘‘(II) may, to the extent feasible and appro-
priate, take into account such circumstances and apply under this subsection with respect to MIPS eligible professionals of such profes-sional types or subcategories, alternative measures or activities that fulfill the goals of the applicable performance category. 
In carrying out the previous sentence, the 
Secretary shall consult with professionals of such professional types or subcategories. 
‘‘(v) C
LINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(I) R EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—In ini-
tially applying subparagraph (B)(iii), the Secretary shall use a request for information to solicit recommendations from stake-holders to identify activities described in such subparagraph and specifying criteria for such activities. 
‘‘(II) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR CLINICAL  
PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT ACTIVITIES PERFORM -
ANCE CATEGORY .—In applying subparagraph 
(B)(iii), the Secretary may contract with en-tities to assist the Secretary in— 
‘‘(aa) identifying activities described in 
subparagraph (B)(iii); 
‘‘(bb) specifying criteria for such activi-
ties; and 
‘‘(cc) determining whether a MIPS eligible 
professional meets such criteria. 
‘‘(III) C
LINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC -
TIVITIES DEFINED .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the term ‘clinical practice improve-ment activity’ means an activity that rel-evant eligible professional organizations and other relevant stakeholders identify as im-proving clinical practice or care delivery and that the Secretary determines, when effec-tively executed, is likely to result in im-proved outcomes. 
‘‘(D) A
NNUAL LIST OF QUALITY MEASURES  
AVAILABLE FOR MIPS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Under the MIPS, the Sec-
retary, through notice and comment rule-making and subject to the succeeding clauses of this subparagraph, shall, with re-spect to the performance period for a year, establish an annual final list of quality measures from which MIPS eligible profes-sionals may choose for purposes of assess-ment under this subsection for such perform-ance period. Pursuant to the previous sen-tence, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than November 1 of the year 
prior to the first day of the first performance period under the MIPS, establish and publish in the Federal Register a final list of quality measures; and 
‘‘(II) not later than November 1 of the year 
prior to the first day of each subsequent per-formance period, update the final list of quality measures from the previous year (and publish such updated final list in the Federal Register), by— ‘‘(aa) removing from such list, as appro-
priate, quality measures, which may include the removal of measures that are no longer meaningful (such as measures that are topped out); 
‘‘(bb) adding to such list, as appropriate, 
new quality measures; and 
‘‘(cc) determining whether or not quality 
measures on such list that have undergone substantive changes should be included in the updated list. 
‘‘(ii) C
ALL FOR QUALITY MEASURES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Eligible professional or-
ganizations and other relevant stakeholders shall be requested to identify and submit quality measures to be considered for selec-tion under this subparagraph in the annual list of quality measures published under clause (i) and to identify and submit updates to the measures on such list. For purposes of the previous sentence, measures may be sub-mitted regardless of whether such measures were previously published in a proposed rule or endorsed by an entity with a contract under section 1890(a). 
‘‘(II) E
LIGIBLE PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATION  
DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘el-
igible professional organization’ means a professional organization as defined by na-tionally recognized specialty boards of cer-tification or equivalent certification boards. 
‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In selecting quality 
measures for inclusion in the annual final list under clause (i), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) provide that, to the extent practicable, 
all quality domains (as defined in subsection (s)(1)(B)) are addressed by such measures; and 
‘‘(II) ensure that such selection is con-
sistent with the process for selection of measures under subsections (k), (m), and (p)(2). 
‘‘(iv) P
EER REVIEW .—Before including a new 
measure in the final list of measures pub-lished under clause (i) for a year, the Sec-retary shall submit for publication in appli-cable specialty-appropriate, peer-reviewed journals such measure and the method for developing and selecting such measure, in-cluding clinical and other data supporting such measure. 
‘‘(v) M
EASURES FOR INCLUSION .—The final 
list of quality measures published under clause (i) shall include, as applicable, meas-ures under subsections (k), (m), and (p)(2), in-cluding quality measures from among— 
‘‘(I) measures endorsed by a consensus- 
based entity; 
‘‘(II) measures developed under subsection 
(s); and 
‘‘(III) measures submitted under clause 
(ii)(I). 
Any measure selected for inclusion in such 
list that is not endorsed by a consensus- based entity shall have a focus that is evi-dence-based. 
‘‘(vi) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED CLINICAL  
DATA REGISTRY MEASURES .—Measures used by 
a qualified clinical data registry under sub-section (m)(3)(E) shall not be subject to the requirements under clauses (i), (iv), and (v). The Secretary shall publish the list of meas-ures used by such qualified clinical data reg-istries on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. 
‘‘(vii) E
XCEPTION FOR EXISTING QUALITY  
MEASURES .—Any quality measure specified 
by the Secretary under subsection (k) or (m), including under subsection (m)(3)(E), and any measure of quality of care established under subsection (p)(2) for the reporting pe-
riod or performance period under the respec-tive subsection beginning before the first performance period under the MIPS— 
‘‘(I) shall not be subject to the require-
ments under clause (i) (except under items (aa) and (cc) of subclause (II) of such clause) or to the requirement under clause (iv); and ‘‘(II) shall be included in the final list of 
quality measures published under clause (i) unless removed under clause (i)(II)(aa). 
‘‘(viii) C
ONSULTATION WITH RELEVANT ELIGI -
BLE PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND OTHER  
RELEVANT STAKEHOLDERS .—Relevant eligible 
professional organizations and other rel-evant stakeholders, including State and na-tional medical societies, shall be consulted in carrying out this subparagraph. 
‘‘(ix) O
PTIONAL APPLICATION .—The process 
under section 1890A is not required to apply to the selection of measures under this sub-paragraph. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—Under the MIPS, 
the Secretary shall establish performance standards with respect to measures and ac-tivities specified under paragraph (2)(B) for a performance period (as established under paragraph (4)) for a year. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN ESTABLISHING  
STANDARDS .—In establishing such perform-
ance standards with respect to measures and activities specified under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary shall consider the following: 
‘‘(i) Historical performance standards. ‘‘(ii) Improvement. ‘‘(iii) The opportunity for continued im-
provement. 
‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—The Secretary 
shall establish a performance period (or peri-ods) for a year (beginning with 2019). Such performance period (or periods) shall begin and end prior to the beginning of such year and be as close as possible to such year. In this subsection, such performance period (or periods) for a year shall be referred to as the performance period for the year. 
‘‘(5) C
OMPOSITE PERFORMANCE SCORE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the suc-
ceeding provisions of this paragraph and tak-ing into account, as available and applicable, paragraph (1)(G), the Secretary shall develop a methodology for assessing the total per-formance of each MIPS eligible professional according to performance standards under paragraph (3) with respect to applicable measures and activities specified in para-graph (2)(B) with respect to each perform-ance category applicable to such professional for a performance period (as established under paragraph (4)) for a year. Using such methodology, the Secretary shall provide for a composite assessment (using a scoring scale of 0 to 100) for each such professional for the performance period for such year. In this subsection such a composite assessment for such a professional with respect to a per-formance period shall be referred to as the ‘composite performance score’ for such pro-fessional for such performance period. 
‘‘(B) I
NCENTIVE TO REPORT ; ENCOURAGING  
USE OF CERTIFIED EHR TECHNOLOGY FOR RE -
PORTING QUALITY MEASURES .— 
‘‘(i) I NCENTIVE TO REPORT .—Under the 
methodology established under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide that in the case of a MIPS eligible professional who fails to report on an applicable measure or activ-ity that is required to be reported by the professional, the professional shall be treat-ed as achieving the lowest potential score applicable to such measure or activity. 
‘‘(ii) E
NCOURAGING USE OF CERTIFIED EHR  
TECHNOLOGY AND QUALIFIED CLINICAL DATA  
REGISTRIES FOR REPORTING QUALITY MEAS -
URES .—Under the methodology established 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) encourage MIPS eligible professionals 
to report on applicable measures with re-spect to the performance category described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) through the use of cer-tified EHR technology and qualified clinical data registries; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2050 March 26, 2015 
‘‘(II) with respect to a performance period, 
with respect to a year, for which a MIPS eli-gible professional reports such measures through the use of such EHR technology, treat such professional as satisfying the clin-ical quality measures reporting requirement described in subsection (o)(2)(A)(iii) for such year. 
‘‘(C) C
LINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC -
TIVITIES PERFORMANCE SCORE .— 
‘‘(i) R ULE FOR CERTIFICATION .—A MIPS eli-
gible professional who is in a practice that is certified as a patient-centered medical home or comparable specialty practice, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a performance period shall be given the high-est potential score for the performance cat-egory described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) for such period. 
‘‘(ii) APM 
PARTICIPATION .—Participation 
by a MIPS eligible professional in an alter-
native payment model (as defined in section 1833(z)(3)(C)) with respect to a performance period shall earn such eligible professional a minimum score of one-half of the highest po-tential score for the performance category described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) for such performance period. 
‘‘(iii) S
UBCATEGORIES .—A MIPS eligible 
professional shall not be required to perform activities in each subcategory under para-graph (2)(B)(iii) or participate in an alter-native payment model in order to achieve the highest potential score for the perform-ance category described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(D) A
CHIEVEMENT AND IMPROVEMENT .— 
‘‘(i) T AKING INTO ACCOUNT IMPROVEMENT .— 
Beginning with the second year to which the MIPS applies, in addition to the achieve-ment of a MIPS eligible professional, if data sufficient to measure improvement is avail-able, the methodology developed under sub-paragraph (A)— 
‘‘(I) in the case of the performance score 
for the performance category described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), shall take into account the improvement of the professional; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of performance scores for 
other performance categories, may take into account the improvement of the profes-sional. 
‘‘(ii) A
SSIGNING HIGHER WEIGHT FOR  
ACHIEVEMENT .—Subject to clause (i), under 
the methodology developed under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary may assign a higher scoring weight under subparagraph (F) with respect to the achievement of a MIPS eligi-ble professional than with respect to any im-provement of such professional applied under clause (i) with respect to a measure, activ-ity, or category described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) W
EIGHTS FOR THE PERFORMANCE CAT -
EGORIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Under the methodology 
developed under subparagraph (A), subject to subparagraph (F)(i) and clause (ii), the com-posite performance score shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(I) Q
UALITY .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), 
thirty percent of such score shall be based on performance with respect to the category de-scribed in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(A). In applying the previous sentence, the Sec-retary shall, as feasible, encourage the appli-cation of outcome measures within such cat-egory. 
‘‘(bb) F
IRST 2 YEARS .—For the first and sec-
ond years for which the MIPS applies to pay-ments, the percentage applicable under item (aa) shall be increased in a manner such that the total percentage points of the increase under this item for the respective year equals the total number of percentage points by which the percentage applied under sub-clause (II)(bb) for the respective year is less 
than 30 percent. 
‘‘(II) R
ESOURCE USE .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), 
thirty percent of such score shall be based on performance with respect to the category de-scribed in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(bb) F
IRST 2 YEARS .—For the first year for 
which the MIPS applies to payments, not more than 10 percent of such score shall be based on performance with respect to the category described in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). For the second year for which the MIPS applies to payments, not more than 15 percent of such score shall be based on per-formance with respect to the category de-scribed in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(III) C
LINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC -
TIVITIES .—Fifteen percent of such score shall 
be based on performance with respect to the category described in clause (iii) of para-graph (2)(A). 
‘‘(IV) M
EANINGFUL USE OF CERTIFIED EHR  
TECHNOLOGY .—Twenty-five percent of such 
score shall be based on performance with re-spect to the category described in clause (iv) of paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(ii) A
UTHORITY TO ADJUST PERCENTAGES IN  
CASE OF HIGH EHR MEANINGFUL USE ADOP -
TION.—In any year in which the Secretary es-
timates that the proportion of eligible pro-fessionals (as defined in subsection (o)(5)) who are meaningful EHR users (as deter-mined under subsection (o)(2)) is 75 percent or greater, the Secretary may reduce the percent applicable under clause (i)(IV), but not below 15 percent. If the Secretary makes such reduction for a year, subject to sub-clauses (I)(bb) and (II)(bb) of clause (i), the percentages applicable under one or more of subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of clause (i) for such year shall be increased in a manner such that the total percentage points of the increase under this clause for such year equals the total number of percentage points reduced under the preceding sentence for such year. 
‘‘(F) C
ERTAIN FLEXIBILITY FOR WEIGHTING  
PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES , MEASURES , AND 
ACTIVITIES .—Under the methodology under 
subparagraph (A), if there are not sufficient measures and activities (described in para-graph (2)(B)) applicable and available to each type of eligible professional involved, the Secretary shall assign different scoring weights (including a weight of 0)— 
‘‘(i) which may vary from the scoring 
weights specified in subparagraph (E), for each performance category based on the ex-tent to which the category is applicable to the type of eligible professional involved; 
and 
‘‘(ii) for each measure and activity speci-
fied under paragraph (2)(B) with respect to each such category based on the extent to which the measure or activity is applicable and available to the type of eligible profes-sional involved. 
‘‘(G) R
ESOURCE USE .—Analysis of the per-
formance category described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall include results from the meth-odology described in subsection (r)(5), as ap-propriate. 
‘‘(H) I
NCLUSION OF QUALITY MEASURE DATA  
FROM OTHER PAYERS .—In applying sub-
sections (k), (m), and (p) with respect to measures described in paragraph (2)(B)(i), analysis of the performance category de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(i) may include data submitted by MIPS eligible profes-sionals with respect to items and services furnished to individuals who are not individ-uals entitled to benefits under part A or en-rolled under part B. 
‘‘(I) U
SE OF VOLUNTARY VIRTUAL GROUPS  
FOR CERTAIN ASSESSMENT PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of MIPS eligi-
ble professionals electing to be a virtual group under clause (ii) with respect to a per-
formance period for a year, for purposes of applying the methodology under subpara-graph (A) with respect to the performance categories described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A)— 
‘‘(I) the assessment of performance pro-
vided under such methodology with respect to such performance categories that is to be applied to each such professional in such group for such performance period shall be with respect to the combined performance of all such professionals in such group for such period; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the composite per-
formance score provided under this para-graph for such performance period for each such MIPS eligible professional in such vir-tual group, the components of the composite performance score that assess performance with respect to such performance categories shall be based on the assessment of the com-bined performance under subclause (I) for such performance categories and perform-ance period. 
‘‘(ii) E
LECTION OF PRACTICES TO BE A VIR -
TUAL GROUP .—The Secretary shall, in accord-
ance with the requirements under clause (iii), establish and have in place a process to allow an individual MIPS eligible profes-sional or a group practice consisting of not more than 10 MIPS eligible professionals to elect, with respect to a performance period for a year to be a virtual group under this subparagraph with at least one other such individual MIPS eligible professional or group practice. Such a virtual group may be based on appropriate classifications of pro-viders, such as by geographic areas or by provider specialties defined by nationally recognized specialty boards of certification or equivalent certification boards. 
‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The requirements 
for the process under clause (ii) shall— 
‘‘(I) provide that an election under such 
clause, with respect to a performance period, shall be made before the beginning of such performance period and may not be changed during such performance period; 
‘‘(II) provide that an individual MIPS eligi-
ble professional and a group practice de-scribed in clause (ii) may elect to be in no more than one virtual group for a perform-ance period and that, in the case of such a group practice that elects to be in such vir-tual group for such performance period, such election applies to all MIPS eligible profes-sionals in such group practice; 
‘‘(III) provide that a virtual group be a 
combination of tax identification numbers; 
‘‘(IV) provide for formal written agree-
ments among MIPS eligible professionals electing to be a virtual group under this sub-paragraph; and 
‘‘(V) include such other requirements as 
the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(6) MIPS 
PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) MIPS ADJUSTMENT FACTOR .—Taking 
into account paragraph (1)(G), the Secretary shall specify a MIPS adjustment factor for each MIPS eligible professional for a year. Such MIPS adjustment factor for a MIPS eli-gible professional for a year shall be in the form of a percent and shall be determined— 
‘‘(i) by comparing the composite perform-
ance score of the eligible professional for such year to the performance threshold es-tablished under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year; 
‘‘(ii) in a manner such that the adjustment 
factors specified under this subparagraph for a year result in differential payments under this paragraph reflecting that— 
‘‘(I) MIPS eligible professionals with com-
posite performance scores for such year at or above such performance threshold for such year receive zero or positive payment adjust-ment factors for such year in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2051 March 26, 2015 
with clause (iii), with such professionals hav-
ing higher composite performance scores re-ceiving higher adjustment factors; and 
‘‘(II) MIPS eligible professionals with com-
posite performance scores for such year below such performance threshold for such year receive negative payment adjustment factors for such year in accordance with clause (iv), with such professionals having lower composite performance scores receiv-ing lower adjustment factors; 
‘‘(iii) in a manner such that MIPS eligible 
professionals with composite scores de-scribed in clause (ii)(I) for such year, subject to clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (F), re-ceive a zero or positive adjustment factor on a linear sliding scale such that an adjust-ment factor of 0 percent is assigned for a score at the performance threshold and an adjustment factor of the applicable percent specified in subparagraph (B) is assigned for a score of 100; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner such that— ‘‘(I) subject to subclause (II), MIPS eligible 
professionals with composite performance scores described in clause (ii)(II) for such year receive a negative payment adjustment factor on a linear sliding scale such that an adjustment factor of 0 percent is assigned for a score at the performance threshold and an adjustment factor of the negative of the ap-plicable percent specified in subparagraph (B) is assigned for a score of 0; and 
‘‘(II) MIPS eligible professionals with com-
posite performance scores that are equal to or greater than 0, but not greater than 
1⁄4of 
the performance threshold specified under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year, receive a negative payment adjustment factor that is equal to the negative of the applicable per-cent specified in subparagraph (B) for such year. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENT DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘appli-cable percent’ means— 
‘‘(i) for 2019, 4 percent; ‘‘(ii) for 2020, 5 percent; ‘‘(iii) for 2021, 7 percent; and ‘‘(iv) for 2022 and subsequent years, 9 per-
cent. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL MIPS ADJUSTMENT FACTORS  
FOR EXCEPTIONAL PERFORMANCE .—For 2019 
and each subsequent year through 2024, in the case of a MIPS eligible professional with a composite performance score for a year at or above the additional performance thresh-old under subparagraph (D)(ii) for such year, in addition to the MIPS adjustment factor under subparagraph (A) for the eligible pro-fessional for such year, subject to subpara-graph (F)(iv), the Secretary shall specify an 
additional positive MIPS adjustment factor for such professional and year. Such addi-tional MIPS adjustment factors shall be in the form of a percent and determined by the Secretary in a manner such that profes-sionals having higher composite performance scores above the additional performance threshold receive higher additional MIPS ad-justment factors. 
‘‘(D) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
THRESHOLDS .— 
‘‘(i) P ERFORMANCE THRESHOLD .—For each 
year of the MIPS, the Secretary shall com-pute a performance threshold with respect to which the composite performance score of MIPS eligible professionals shall be com-pared for purposes of determining adjust-ment factors under subparagraph (A) that are positive, negative, and zero. Such per-formance threshold for a year shall be the mean or median (as selected by the Sec-retary) of the composite performance scores for all MIPS eligible professionals with re-spect to a prior period specified by the Sec-retary. The Secretary may reassess the se-lection of the mean or median under the pre-vious sentence every 3 years. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL PERFORMANCE THRESHOLD  
FOR EXCEPTIONAL PERFORMANCE .—In addition 
to the performance threshold under clause (i), for each year of the MIPS, the Secretary shall compute an additional performance threshold for purposes of determining the ad-ditional MIPS adjustment factors under sub-paragraph (C). For each such year, the Sec-retary shall apply either of the following methods for computing such additional per-formance threshold for such a year: 
‘‘(I) The threshold shall be the score that is 
equal to the 25th percentile of the range of possible composite performance scores above the performance threshold determined under clause (i). 
‘‘(II) The threshold shall be the score that 
is equal to the 25th percentile of the actual composite performance scores for MIPS eli-gible professionals with composite perform-ance scores at or above the performance threshold with respect to the prior period de-scribed in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INITIAL 2 YEARS .— 
With respect to each of the first two years to which the MIPS applies, the Secretary shall, prior to the performance period for such years, establish a performance threshold for purposes of determining MIPS adjustment factors under subparagraph (A) and a thresh-old for purposes of determining additional MIPS adjustment factors under subpara-graph (C). Each such performance threshold shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on a period prior to such per-
formance periods; and 
‘‘(II) take into account— ‘‘(aa) data available with respect to per-
formance on measures and activities that may be used under the performance cat-egories under subparagraph (2)(B); and 
‘‘(bb) other factors determined appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(E) A
PPLICATION OF MIPS ADJUSTMENT FAC -
TORS .—In the case of items and services fur-
nished by a MIPS eligible professional dur-ing a year (beginning with 2019), the amount otherwise paid under this part with respect to such items and services and MIPS eligible professional for such year, shall be multi-plied by— 
‘‘(i) 1, plus ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the MIPS adjustment factor deter-
mined under subparagraph (A) divided by 100, and 
‘‘(II) as applicable, the additional MIPS ad-
justment factor determined under subpara-graph (C) divided by 100. 
‘‘(F) A
GGREGATE APPLICATION OF MIPS AD -
JUSTMENT FACTORS .— 
‘‘(i) A PPLICATION OF SCALING FACTOR .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—With respect to positive 
MIPS adjustment factors under subpara-graph (A)(ii)(I) for eligible professionals whose composite performance score is above the performance threshold under subpara-graph (D)(i) for such year, subject to sub-clause (II), the Secretary shall increase or decrease such adjustment factors by a scal-ing factor in order to ensure that the budget neutrality requirement of clause (ii) is met. 
‘‘(II) S
CALING FACTOR LIMIT .—In no case 
may the scaling factor applied under this clause exceed 3.0. 
‘‘(ii) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iii), 
the Secretary shall ensure that the esti-mated amount described in subclause (II) for a year is equal to the estimated amount de-scribed in subclause (III) for such year. 
‘‘(II) A
GGREGATE INCREASES .—The amount 
described in this subclause is the estimated increase in the aggregate allowed charges re-sulting from the application of positive MIPS adjustment factors under subpara-graph (A) (after application of the scaling factor described in clause (i)) to MIPS eligi-ble professionals whose composite perform-
ance score for a year is above the perform-ance threshold under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year. 
‘‘(III) A
GGREGATE DECREASES .—The amount 
described in this subclause is the estimated decrease in the aggregate allowed charges re-sulting from the application of negative MIPS adjustment factors under subpara-graph (A) to MIPS eligible professionals whose composite performance score for a year is below the performance threshold under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year. 
‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(I) In the case that all MIPS eligible pro-
fessionals receive composite performance scores for a year that are below the perform-ance threshold under subparagraph (D)(i) for such year, the negative MIPS adjustment factors under subparagraph (A) shall apply with respect to such MIPS eligible profes-
sionals and the budget neutrality require-ment of clause (ii) and the additional adjust-ment factors under clause (iv) shall not apply for such year. 
‘‘(II) In the case that, with respect to a 
year, the application of clause (i) results in a scaling factor equal to the maximum scal-ing factor specified in clause (i)(II), such scaling factor shall apply and the budget neutrality requirement of clause (ii) shall not apply for such year. 
‘‘(iv) A
DDITIONAL INCENTIVE PAYMENT AD -
JUSTMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), 
in specifying the MIPS additional adjust-ment factors under subparagraph (C) for each applicable MIPS eligible professional for a year, the Secretary shall ensure that the es-timated aggregate increase in payments under this part resulting from the applica-tion of such additional adjustment factors for MIPS eligible professionals in a year shall be equal (as estimated by the Sec-retary) to $500,000,000 for each year beginning with 2019 and ending with 2024. 
‘‘(II) L
IMITATION ON ADDITIONAL INCENTIVE  
PAYMENT ADJUSTMENTS .—The MIPS addi-
tional adjustment factor under subparagraph (C) for a year for an applicable MIPS eligible professional whose composite performance score is above the additional performance threshold under subparagraph (D)(ii) for such year shall not exceed 10 percent. The applica-tion of the previous sentence may result in an aggregate amount of additional incentive payments that are less than the amount specified in subclause (I). 
‘‘(7) A
NNOUNCEMENT OF RESULT OF ADJUST -
MENTS .—Under the MIPS, the Secretary 
shall, not later than 30 days prior to January 1 of the year involved, make available to MIPS eligible professionals the MIPS adjust-ment factor (and, as applicable, the addi-tional MIPS adjustment factor) under para-graph (6) applicable to the eligible profes-sional for items and services furnished by the professional for such year. The Secretary may include such information in the con-fidential feedback under paragraph (12). 
‘‘(8) N
O EFFECT IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—The 
MIPS adjustment factors and additional MIPS adjustment factors under paragraph (6) shall apply only with respect to the year in-volved, and the Secretary shall not take into account such adjustment factors in making payments to a MIPS eligible professional under this part in a subsequent year. 
‘‘(9) P
UBLIC REPORTING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in 
an easily understandable format, make available on the Physician Compare Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services the following: 
‘‘(i) Information regarding the perform-
ance of MIPS eligible professionals under the MIPS, which— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2052 March 26, 2015 
‘‘(I) shall include the composite score for 
each such MIPS eligible professional and the performance of each such MIPS eligible pro-fessional with respect to each performance category; and 
‘‘(II) may include the performance of each 
such MIPS eligible professional with respect to each measure or activity specified in paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(ii) The names of eligible professionals in 
eligible alternative payment models (as de-fined in section 1833(z)(3)(D)) and, to the ex-tent feasible, the names of such eligible al-ternative payment models and performance of such models. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .—The information made 
available under this paragraph shall indi-cate, where appropriate, that publicized in-formation may not be representative of the eligible professional’s entire patient popu-lation, the variety of services furnished by the eligible professional, or the health condi-tions of individuals treated. 
‘‘(C) O
PPORTUNITY TO REVIEW AND SUBMIT  
CORRECTIONS .—The Secretary shall provide 
for an opportunity for a professional de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to review, and submit corrections for, the information to be made public with respect to the professional under such subparagraph prior to such infor-mation being made public. 
‘‘(D) A
GGREGATE INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary shall periodically post on the Physi-cian Compare Internet website aggregate in-formation on the MIPS, including the range of composite scores for all MIPS eligible pro-fessionals and the range of the performance of all MIPS eligible professionals with re-spect to each performance category. 
‘‘(10) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with stakeholders in carrying out the MIPS, including for the identification of measures and activities under paragraph (2)(B) and the methodologies developed under paragraphs (5)(A) and (6) and regarding the use of qualified clinical data registries. Such consultation shall include the use of a re-quest for information or other mechanisms determined appropriate. 
‘‘(11) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL  
PRACTICES AND PRACTICES IN HEALTH PROFES -
SIONAL SHORTAGE AREAS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
enter into contracts or agreements with ap-propriate entities (such as quality improve-ment organizations, regional extension cen-ters (as described in section 3012(c) of the Public Health Service Act), or regional health collaboratives) to offer guidance and assistance to MIPS eligible professionals in practices of 15 or fewer professionals (with 
priority given to such practices located in rural areas, health professional shortage areas (as designated under in section 332(a)(1)(A) of such Act), and medically un-derserved areas, and practices with low com-posite scores) with respect to— 
‘‘(i) the performance categories described 
in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph (2)(A); or 
‘‘(ii) how to transition to the implementa-
tion of and participation in an alternative payment model as described in section 1833(z)(3)(C). 
‘‘(B) F
UNDING FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— 
For purposes of implementing subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide for the transfer from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund established under section 1841 to the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services Program Manage-ment Account of $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. Amounts transferred under this subparagraph for a fiscal year shall be available until expended. 
‘‘(12) F
EEDBACK AND INFORMATION TO IM -
PROVE PERFORMANCE .— 
‘‘(A) P ERFORMANCE FEEDBACK .— ‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Beginning July 1, 2017, 
the Secretary— 
‘‘(I) shall make available timely (such as 
quarterly) confidential feedback to MIPS eli-gible professionals on the performance of such professionals with respect to the per-formance categories under clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A); and 
‘‘(II) may make available confidential feed-
back to such professionals on the perform-ance of such professionals with respect to the performance categories under clauses (iii) and (iv) of such paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) M
ECHANISMS .—The Secretary may use 
one or more mechanisms to make feedback available under clause (i), which may include use of a web-based portal or other mecha-nisms determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. With respect to the performance cat-egory described in paragraph (2)(A)(i), feed-back under this subparagraph shall, to the extent an eligible professional chooses to participate in a data registry for purposes of this subsection (including registries under subsections (k) and (m)), be provided based on performance on quality measures re-ported through the use of such registries. With respect to any other performance cat-egory described in paragraph (2)(A), the Sec-retary shall encourage provision of feedback through qualified clinical data registries as described in subsection (m)(3)(E)). 
‘‘(iii) U
SE OF DATA .—For purposes of clause 
(i), the Secretary may use data, with respect to a MIPS eligible professional, from periods prior to the current performance period and may use rolling periods in order to make il-lustrative calculations about the perform-ance of such professional. 
‘‘(iv) D
ISCLOSURE EXEMPTION .—Feedback 
made available under this subparagraph shall be exempt from disclosure under sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(v) R
ECEIPT OF INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary may use the mechanisms established under clause (ii) to receive information from professionals, such as information with re-spect to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Beginning July 1, 2018, 
the Secretary shall make available to MIPS eligible professionals information, with re-spect to individuals who are patients of such MIPS eligible professionals, about items and services for which payment is made under this title that are furnished to such individ-uals by other suppliers and providers of serv-ices, which may include information de-scribed in clause (ii). Such information may be made available under the previous sen-tence to such MIPS eligible professionals by 
mechanisms determined appropriate by the Secretary, which may include use of a web- based portal. Such information may be made available in accordance with the same or similar terms as data are made available to accountable care organizations participating in the shared savings program under section 1899. 
‘‘(ii) T
YPE OF INFORMATION .—For purposes 
of clause (i), the information described in this clause, is the following: 
‘‘(I) With respect to selected items and 
services (as determined appropriate by the Secretary) for which payment is made under this title and that are furnished to individ-uals, who are patients of a MIPS eligible pro-fessional, by another supplier or provider of services during the most recent period for which data are available (such as the most recent three-month period), such as the name of such providers furnishing such items and services to such patients during such pe-riod, the types of such items and services so furnished, and the dates such items and serv-ices were so furnished. 
‘‘(II) Historical data, such as averages and 
other measures of the distribution if appro-priate, of the total, and components of, al-
lowed charges (and other figures as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary). 
‘‘(13) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) T ARGETED REVIEW .—The Secretary 
shall establish a process under which a MIPS eligible professional may seek an informal review of the calculation of the MIPS adjust-ment factor (or factors) applicable to such eligible professional under this subsection for a year. The results of a review conducted pursuant to the previous sentence shall not be taken into account for purposes of para-graph (6) with respect to a year (other than with respect to the calculation of such eligi-ble professional’s MIPS adjustment factor for such year or additional MIPS adjustment factor for such year) after the factors deter-mined in subparagraph (A) and subparagraph (C) of such paragraph have been determined for such year. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided for in 
subparagraph (A), there shall be no adminis-trative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of the following: 
‘‘(i) The methodology used to determine 
the amount of the MIPS adjustment factor under paragraph (6)(A) and the amount of the additional MIPS adjustment factor under paragraph (6)(C) and the determination of such amounts. 
‘‘(ii) The establishment of the performance 
standards under paragraph (3) and the per-formance period under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(iii) The identification of measures and 
activities specified under paragraph (2)(B) and information made public or posted on the Physician Compare Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices under paragraph (9). 
‘‘(iv) The methodology developed under 
paragraph (5) that is used to calculate per-formance scores and the calculation of such scores, including the weighting of measures and activities under such methodology.’’. 
(2) GAO 
REPORTS .— 
(A) E VALUATION OF ELIGIBLE PROFESSIONAL  
MIPS.—Not later than October 1, 2021, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the eligible professional Merit-based Incen-tive Payment System under subsection (q) of section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4), as added by paragraph (1). Such report shall— 
(i) examine the distribution of the com-
posite performance scores and MIPS adjust-ment factors (and additional MIPS adjust-ment factors) for MIPS eligible professionals (as defined in subsection (q)(1)(c) of such sec-tion) under such program, and patterns re-
lating to such scores and adjustment factors, including based on type of provider, practice size, geographic location, and patient mix; 
(ii) provide recommendations for improv-
ing such program; 
(iii) evaluate the impact of technical as-
sistance funding under section 1848(q)(11) of the Social Security Act, as added by para-graph (1), on the ability of professionals to improve within such program or successfully transition to an alternative payment model (as defined in section 1833(z)(3) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (e)), with priority for such evaluation given to practices located in rural areas, health pro-fessional shortage areas (as designated in section 332(a)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act), and medically underserved areas; and 
(iv) provide recommendations for opti-
mizing the use of such technical assistance funds. 
(B) S
TUDY TO EXAMINE ALIGNMENT OF QUAL -
ITY MEASURES USED IN PUBLIC AND PRIVATE  
PROGRAMS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2053 March 26, 2015 
the Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(I) compares the similarities and dif-
ferences in the use of quality measures under the original Medicare fee-for-service pro-gram under parts A and B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act, the Medicare Ad-vantage program under part C of such title, selected State Medicaid programs under title XIX of such Act, and private payer arrange-ments; and 
(II) makes recommendations on how to re-
duce the administrative burden involved in applying such quality measures. 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report under 
clause (i) shall— 
(I) consider those measures applicable to 
individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, bene-fits under such part A, or enrolled under such part B and individuals under the age of 65; and 
(II) focus on those measures that comprise 
the most significant component of the qual-ity performance category of the eligible pro-fessional MIPS incentive program under sub-section (q) of section 1848 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4), as added by para-graph (1). 
(C) S
TUDY ON ROLE OF INDEPENDENT RISK  
MANAGERS .—Not later than January 1, 2017, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining whether entities that pool financial risk for physician practices, such as independent risk managers, can play a role in supporting phy-sician practices, particularly small physi-cian practices, in assuming financial risk for the treatment of patients. Such report shall examine barriers that small physician prac-tices currently face in assuming financial risk for treating patients, the types of risk management entities that could assist physi-cian practices in participating in two-sided risk payment models, and how such entities could assist with risk management and with quality improvement activities. Such report shall also include an analysis of any existing legal barriers to such arrangements. 
(D) S
TUDY TO EXAMINE RURAL AND HEALTH  
PROFESSIONAL SHORTAGE AREA ALTERNATIVE  
PAYMENT MODELS .—Not later than October 1, 
2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that examines the transition of professionals in rural areas, health professional shortage areas (as designated in section 332(a)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act), or medically underserved areas to an alternative payment model (as defined in section 1833(z)(3) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (e)). Such report shall make recommenda-tions for removing administrative barriers to practices, including small practices con-sisting of 15 or fewer professionals, in rural areas, health professional shortage areas, and medically underserved areas to partici-pation in such models. 
(3) F
UNDING FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—For 
purposes of implementing the provisions of and the amendments made by this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for the transfer of $80,000,000 from the Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund established under section 1841 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t) to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Pro-gram Management Account for each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2019. Amounts transferred under this paragraph shall be available until expended. 
(d) I
MPROVING QUALITY REPORTING FOR  
COMPOSITE SCORES .— 
(1) C HANGES FOR GROUP REPORTING OP -
TION.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1848(m)(3)(C)(ii) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(m)(3)(C)(ii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and, for 2016 and subsequent years, may provide’’ 
after ‘‘shall provide’’. 
(B) C
LARIFICATION OF QUALIFIED CLINICAL  
DATA REGISTRY REPORTING TO GROUP PRAC -
TICES .—Section 1848(m)(3)(D) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(m)(3)(D)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and, for 2016 and sub-sequent years, subparagraph (A) or (C)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. 
(2) C
HANGES FOR MULTIPLE REPORTING PERI -
ODS AND ALTERNATIVE CRITERIA FOR SATISFAC -
TORY REPORTING .—Section 1848(m)(5)(F) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(m)(5)(F)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and subsequent years’’ and 
inserting ‘‘through reporting periods occur-ring in 2015’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and, for reporting periods 
occurring in 2016 and subsequent years, the Secretary may establish’’ after ‘‘shall estab-lish’’. 
(3) P
HYSICIAN FEEDBACK PROGRAM REPORTS  
SUCCEEDED BY REPORTS UNDER MIPS .—Section 
1848(n) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(n)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) R
EPORTS ENDING WITH 2017 .—Reports 
under the Program shall not be provided after December 31, 2017. See subsection (q)(12) for reports under the eligible profes-sionals Merit-based Incentive Payment Sys-tem.’’. 
(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SATISFYING MEANING -
FUL EHR USE CLINICAL QUALITY MEASURE RE -
PORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 
1848(o)(2)(A)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)(A)(iii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and subsection (q)(5)(B)(ii)(II)’’ after ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (B)(ii)’’. 
(e) P
ROMOTING ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT MOD-
ELS.— 
(1) I NCREASING TRANSPARENCY OF PHYSI -
CIAN-FOCUSED PAYMENT MODELS .—Section 1868 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ee) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
HYSICIAN -FOCUSED PAYMENT MOD-
ELS.— 
‘‘(1) T ECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an ad hoc committee to be known as the ‘Physician-Focused Payment Model Tech-nical Advisory Committee’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’). 
‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(i) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Com-
mittee shall be composed of 11 members ap-pointed by the Comptroller General of the United States. 
‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The membership of 
the Committee shall include individuals with national recognition for their expertise in physician-focused payment models and re-lated delivery of care. No more than 5 mem-bers of the Committee shall be providers of services or suppliers, or representatives of providers of services or suppliers. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL EMPLOY -
MENT .—A member of the Committee shall 
not be an employee of the Federal Govern-ment. 
‘‘(iv) E
THICS DISCLOSURE .—The Comptroller 
General shall establish a system for public disclosure by members of the Committee of financial and other potential conflicts of in-terest relating to such members. Members of the Committee shall be treated as employees of Congress for purposes of applying title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–521). 
‘‘(v) D
ATE OF INITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The 
initial appointments of members of the Com-mittee shall be made by not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section. 
‘‘(C) T
ERM; VACANCIES .— 
‘‘(i) T ERM.—The terms of members of the 
Committee shall be for 3 years except that the Comptroller General shall designate 
staggered terms for the members first ap-pointed. 
‘‘(ii) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed 
to fill a vacancy occurring before the expira-tion of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A mem-ber may serve after the expiration of that member’s term until a successor has taken office. A vacancy in the Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original ap-pointment was made. 
‘‘(D) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall meet, 
as needed, to provide comments and rec-ommendations to the Secretary, as described 
in paragraph (2)(C), on physician-focused payment models. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a member of the Committee shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(ii) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the 
Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Committee. 
‘‘(F) O
PERATIONAL AND TECHNICAL SUP -
PORT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
for Planning and Evaluation shall provide technical and operational support for the Committee, which may be by use of a con-tractor. The Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services shall provide to the Committee actuarial as-sistance as needed. 
‘‘(ii) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide for the transfer, from the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, such amounts as are nec-essary to carry out this paragraph (not to ex-ceed $5,000,000) for fiscal year 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. Any amounts trans-ferred under the preceding sentence for a fis-cal year shall remain available until ex-pended. 
‘‘(G) A
PPLICATION .—Section 14 of the Fed-
eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Committee. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA AND PROCESS FOR SUBMISSION  
AND REVIEW OF PHYSICIAN -FOCUSED PAYMENT  
MODELS .— 
‘‘(A) C RITERIA FOR ASSESSING PHYSICIAN -FO-
CUSED PAYMENT MODELS .— 
‘‘(i) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than Novem-
ber 1, 2016, the Secretary shall, through no-tice and comment rulemaking, following a request for information, establish criteria for physician-focused payment models, in-cluding models for specialist physicians, that could be used by the Committee for making comments and recommendations pursuant to paragraph (1)(D). 
‘‘(ii) M
EDPAC SUBMISSION OF COMMENTS .— 
During the comment period for the proposed rule described in clause (i), the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission may submit comments to the Secretary on the proposed criteria under such clause. 
‘‘(iii) U
PDATING .—The Secretary may up-
date the criteria established under this sub-paragraph through rulemaking. 
‘‘(B) S
TAKEHOLDER SUBMISSION OF PHYSI -
CIAN-FOCUSED PAYMENT MODELS .—On an ongo-
ing basis, individuals and stakeholder enti-ties may submit to the Committee proposals for physician-focused payment models that such individuals and entities believe meet the criteria described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) C
OMMITTEE REVIEW OF MODELS SUB -
MITTED .—The Committee shall, on a periodic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2054 March 26, 2015 
basis, review models submitted under sub-
paragraph (B), prepare comments and rec-ommendations regarding whether such mod-els meet the criteria described in subpara-graph (A), and submit such comments and recommendations to the Secretary. 
‘‘(D) S
ECRETARY REVIEW AND RESPONSE .— 
The Secretary shall review the comments and recommendations submitted by the Committee under subparagraph (C) and post a detailed response to such comments and recommendations on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to impact the development or testing of models under this title or titles XI, XIX, or XXI.’’. 
(2) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR PARTICIPATION  
IN ELIGIBLE ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT MODELS .— 
Section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(z) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR PARTICIPA -
TION IN ELIGIBLE ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT  
MODELS .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT INCENTIVE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of covered 
professional services furnished by an eligible professional during a year that is in the pe-riod beginning with 2019 and ending with 2024 and for which the professional is a qualifying APM participant with respect to such year, in addition to the amount of payment that would otherwise be made for such covered professional services under this part for such year, there also shall be paid to such profes-sional an amount equal to 5 percent of the estimated aggregate payment amounts for such covered professional services under this part for the preceding year. For purposes of the previous sentence, the payment amount for the preceding year may be an estimation for the full preceding year based on a period of such preceding year that is less than the full year. The Secretary shall establish poli-cies to implement this subparagraph in cases in which payment for covered professional services furnished by a qualifying APM par-ticipant in an alternative payment model— 
‘‘(i) is made to an eligible alternative pay-
ment entity rather than directly to the 
qualifying APM participant; or 
‘‘(ii) is made on a basis other than a fee- 
for-service basis (such as payment on a capitated basis). 
‘‘(B) F
ORM OF PAYMENT .—Payments under 
this subsection shall be made in a lump sum, on an annual basis, as soon as practicable. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENT INCENTIVE .— 
Payments under this subsection shall not be taken into account for purposes of deter-mining actual expenditures under an alter-native payment model and for purposes of determining or rebasing any benchmarks used under the alternative payment model. 
‘‘(D) C
OORDINATION .—The amount of the ad-
ditional payment under this subsection or subsection (m) shall be determined without regard to any additional payment under sub-section (m) and this subsection, respectively. The amount of the additional payment under this subsection or subsection (x) shall be de-termined without regard to any additional payment under subsection (x) and this sub-section, respectively. The amount of the ad-ditional payment under this subsection or subsection (y) shall be determined without regard to any additional payment under sub-section (y) and this subsection, respectively. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING APM PARTICIPANT .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘quali-fying APM participant’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) 2019 
AND 2020 .—With respect to 2019 and 
2020, an eligible professional for whom the Secretary determines that at least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered pro-fessional services furnished by such profes-sional during the most recent period for 
which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such serv-ices furnished under this part through an eli-gible alternative payment entity. 
‘‘(B) 2021 
AND 2022 .—With respect to 2021 and 
2022, an eligible professional described in ei-ther of the following clauses: 
‘‘(i) M
EDICARE PAYMENT THRESHOLD OP -
TION.—An eligible professional for whom the 
Secretary determines that at least 50 percent of payments under this part for covered pro-fessional services furnished by such profes-sional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such serv-ices furnished under this part through an eli-gible alternative payment entity. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMBINATION ALL -PAYER AND MEDICARE  
PAYMENT THRESHOLD OPTION .—An eligible 
professional— 
‘‘(I) for whom the Secretary determines, 
with respect to items and services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year), that at least 50 per-cent of the sum of— 
‘‘(aa) payments described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) all other payments, regardless of 
payer (other than payments made by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and other than payments made under title XIX in a State in which no med-ical home or alternative payment model is available under the State program under that title), 
meet the requirement described in clause 
(iii)(I) with respect to payments described in item (aa) and meet the requirement de-scribed in clause (iii)(II) with respect to pay-ments described in item (bb); 
‘‘(II) for whom the Secretary determines at 
least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment en-tity; and 
‘‘(III) who provides to the Secretary such 
information as is necessary for the Secretary to make a determination under subclause (I), with respect to such professional. 
‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENT .—For purposes of 
clause (ii)(I)— 
‘‘(I) the requirement described in this sub-
clause, with respect to payments described in item (aa) of such clause, is that such pay-ments are made to an eligible alternative payment entity; and 
‘‘(II) the requirement described in this sub-
clause, with respect to payments described in item (bb) of such clause, is that such pay-ments are made under arrangements in which— 
‘‘(aa) quality measures comparable to 
measures under the performance category described in section 1848(q)(2)(B)(i) apply; 
‘‘(bb) certified EHR technology is used; and ‘‘(cc) the eligible professional participates 
in an entity that— 
‘‘(AA) bears more than nominal financial 
risk if actual aggregate expenditures exceeds expected aggregate expenditures; or 
‘‘(BB) with respect to beneficiaries under 
title XIX, is a medical home that meets cri-teria comparable to medical homes expanded under section 1115A(c). 
‘‘(C) B
EGINNING IN 2023 .—With respect to 
2023 and each subsequent year, an eligible professional described in either of the fol-lowing clauses: 
‘‘(i) M
EDICARE PAYMENT THRESHOLD OP -
TION.—An eligible professional for whom the 
Secretary determines that at least 75 percent of payments under this part for covered pro-fessional services furnished by such profes-
sional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such serv-ices furnished under this part through an eli-gible alternative payment entity. 
‘‘(ii) C
OMBINATION ALL -PAYER AND MEDICARE  
PAYMENT THRESHOLD OPTION .—An eligible 
professional— 
‘‘(I) for whom the Secretary determines, 
with respect to items and services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year), that at least 75 per-cent of the sum of— 
‘‘(aa) payments described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) all other payments, regardless of 
payer (other than payments made by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and other than payments made under title XIX in a State in which no med-
ical home or alternative payment model is available under the State program under that title), meet the requirement described in clause (iii)(I) with respect to payments described in item (aa) and meet the requirement de-scribed in clause (iii)(II) with respect to pay-ments described in item (bb); 
‘‘(II) for whom the Secretary determines at 
least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment en-tity; and 
‘‘(III) who provides to the Secretary such 
information as is necessary for the Secretary to make a determination under subclause (I), with respect to such professional. 
‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENT .—For purposes of 
clause (ii)(I)— 
‘‘(I) the requirement described in this sub-
clause, with respect to payments described in item (aa) of such clause, is that such pay-ments are made to an eligible alternative payment entity; and 
‘‘(II) the requirement described in this sub-
clause, with respect to payments described in item (bb) of such clause, is that such pay-ments are made under arrangements in which— 
‘‘(aa) quality measures comparable to 
measures under the performance category described in section 1848(q)(2)(B)(i) apply; 
‘‘(bb) certified EHR technology is used; and ‘‘(cc) the eligible professional participates 
in an entity that— 
‘‘(AA) bears more than nominal financial 
risk if actual aggregate expenditures exceeds expected aggregate expenditures; or 
‘‘(BB) with respect to beneficiaries under 
title XIX, is a medical home that meets cri-teria comparable to medical homes expanded under section 1115A(c). 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF PATIENT APPROACH .—The Sec-
retary may base the determination of wheth-er an eligible professional is a qualifying APM participant under this subsection and the determination of whether an eligible pro-fessional is a partial qualifying APM partici-pant under section 1848(q)(1)(C)(iii) by using counts of patients in lieu of using payments and using the same or similar percentage cri-teria (as specified in this subsection and such section, respectively), as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sub-
section: 
‘‘(A) C OVERED PROFESSIONAL SERVICES .— 
The term ‘covered professional services’ has the meaning given that term in section 1848(k)(3)(A). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROFESSIONAL .—The term 
‘eligible professional’ has the meaning given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2055 March 26, 2015 
that term in section 1848(k)(3)(B) and in-
cludes a group that includes such profes-sionals. 
‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVE PAYMENT MODEL (APM) .— 
The term ‘alternative payment model’ means, other than for purposes of subpara-graphs (B)(ii)(I)(bb) and (C)(ii)(I)(bb) of para-graph (2), any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A model under section 1115A (other 
than a health care innovation award). 
‘‘(ii) The shared savings program under 
section 1899. 
‘‘(iii) A demonstration under section 1866C. ‘‘(iv) A demonstration required by Federal 
law. 
‘‘(D) E
LIGIBLE ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT ENTI -
TY.—The term ‘eligible alternative payment 
entity’ means, with respect to a year, an en-tity that— 
‘‘(i) participates in an alternative payment 
model that— 
‘‘(I) requires participants in such model to 
use certified EHR technology (as defined in subsection (o)(4)); and 
‘‘(II) provides for payment for covered pro-
fessional services based on quality measures comparable to measures under the perform-ance category described in section 1848(q)(2)(B)(i); and 
‘‘(ii)(I) bears financial risk for monetary 
losses under such alternative payment model that are in excess of a nominal amount; or 
‘‘(II) is a medical home expanded under 
section 1115A(c). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—There shall be no admin-
istrative or judicial review under section 1869, 1878, or otherwise, of the following: 
‘‘(A) The determination that an eligible 
professional is a qualifying APM participant under paragraph (2) and the determination that an entity is an eligible alternative pay-ment entity under paragraph (3)(D). 
‘‘(B) The determination of the amount of 
the 5 percent payment incentive under para-graph (1)(A), including any estimation as part of such determination.’’. 
(3) C
OORDINATION CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 1833 of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (x)(3), by adding at the 
end the following new sentence: ‘‘The amount of the additional payment for a serv-ice under this subsection and subsection (z) shall be determined without regard to any additional payment for the service under subsection (z) and this subsection, respec-tively.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (y)(3), by adding at the 
end the following new sentence: ‘‘The amount of the additional payment for a serv-ice under this subsection and subsection (z) shall be determined without regard to any additional payment for the service under subsection (z) and this subsection, respec-tively.’’. 
(4) E
NCOURAGING DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING  
OF CERTAIN MODELS .—Section 1115A(b)(2) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by adding at the 
end the following new clauses: 
‘‘(xxi) Focusing primarily on physicians’ 
services (as defined in section 1848(j)(3)) fur-nished by physicians who are not primary care practitioners. 
‘‘(xxii) Focusing on practices of 15 or fewer 
professionals. 
‘‘(xxiii) Focusing on risk-based models for 
small physician practices which may involve two-sided risk and prospective patient as-signment, and which examine risk-adjusted decreases in mortality rates, hospital re-admissions rates, and other relevant and ap-propriate clinical measures. 
‘‘(xxiv) Focusing primarily on title XIX, 
working in conjunction with the Center for Medicaid and CHIP Services.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)(viii), by striking 
‘‘other public sector or private sector pay-ers’’ and inserting ‘‘other public sector pay-ers, private sector payers, or statewide pay-ment models’’. 
(5) C
ONSTRUCTION REGARDING TELEHEALTH  
SERVICES .—Nothing in the provisions of, or 
amendments made by, this title shall be con-strued as precluding an alternative payment model or a qualifying APM participant (as those terms are defined in section 1833(z) of the Social Security Act, as added by para-graph (1)) from furnishing a telehealth serv-ice for which payment is not made under sec-tion 1834(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)). 
(6) I
NTEGRATING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE AL -
TERNATIVE PAYMENT MODELS .—Not later than 
July 1, 2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a study that examines the feasibility of inte-grating alternative payment models in the Medicare Advantage payment system. The study shall include the feasibility of includ-ing a value-based modifier and whether such modifier should be budget neutral. 
(7) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON FRAUD RELATED  
TO ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT MODELS UNDER THE  
MEDICARE PROGRAM .— 
(A) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Health and 
Human Services, in consultation with the In-spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall conduct a study that— 
(i) examines the applicability of the Fed-
eral fraud prevention laws to items and serv-ices furnished under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for which payment is made under an alternative payment model (as de-fined in section 1833(z)(3)(C) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(z)(3)(C))); 
(ii) identifies aspects of such alternative 
payment models that are vulnerable to fraudulent activity; and 
(iii) examines the implications of waivers 
to such laws granted in support of such alter-native payment models, including under any potential expansion of such models. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study con-ducted under subparagraph (A). Such report shall include recommendations for actions to be taken to reduce the vulnerability of such alternative payment models to fraudulent activity. Such report also shall include, as appropriate, recommendations of the Inspec-tor General for changes in Federal fraud pre-vention laws to reduce such vulnerability. 
(f) C
OLLABORATING WITH THE PHYSICIAN , 
PRACTITIONER , ANDOTHER STAKEHOLDER COM-
MUNITIES TOIMPROVE RESOURCE USEMEAS-
UREMENT .—Section 1848 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) C
OLLABORATING WITH THE PHYSICIAN , 
PRACTITIONER , ANDOTHER STAKEHOLDER COM-
MUNITIES TOIMPROVE RESOURCE USEMEAS-
UREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to involve the 
physician, practitioner, and other stake-holder communities in enhancing the infra-structure for resource use measurement, in-cluding for purposes of the Merit-based In-centive Payment System under subsection (q) and alternative payment models under section 1833(z), the Secretary shall undertake the steps described in the succeeding provi-sions of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF CARE EPISODE AND PA -
TIENT CONDITION GROUPS AND CLASSIFICATION  
CODES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to classify simi-
lar patients into care episode groups and pa-tient condition groups, the Secretary shall undertake the steps described in the suc-
ceeding provisions of this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF EXISTING EF -
FORTS TO DESIGN AN EPISODE GROUPER .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this subsection, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services a list of the episode groups developed pursuant to subsection (n)(9)(A) and related descriptive information. 
‘‘(C) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Secretary 
shall accept, through the date that is 120 days after the day the Secretary posts the list pursuant to subparagraph (B), sugges-tions from physician specialty societies, ap-plicable practitioner organizations, and other stakeholders for episode groups in ad-dition to those posted pursuant to such sub-paragraph, and specific clinical criteria and patient characteristics to classify patients into— 
‘‘(i) care episode groups; and ‘‘(ii) patient condition groups. ‘‘(D) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROPOSED CLASSI -
FICATION CODES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Taking into account the 
information described in subparagraph (B) and the information received under subpara-graph (C), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) establish care episode groups and pa-
tient condition groups, which account for a target of an estimated 
1⁄2of expenditures 
under parts A and B (with such target in-creasing over time as appropriate); and 
‘‘(II) assign codes to such groups. ‘‘(ii) C
ARE EPISODE GROUPS .—In estab-
lishing the care episode groups under clause (i), the Secretary shall take into account— 
‘‘(I) the patient’s clinical problems at the 
time items and services are furnished during an episode of care, such as the clinical condi-tions or diagnoses, whether or not inpatient hospitalization occurs, and the principal pro-cedures or services furnished; and 
‘‘(II) other factors determined appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) P
ATIENT CONDITION GROUPS .—In estab-
lishing the patient condition groups under clause (i), the Secretary shall take into ac-count— 
‘‘(I) the patient’s clinical history at the 
time of a medical visit, such as the patient’s combination of chronic conditions, current health status, and recent significant history (such as hospitalization and major surgery during a previous period, such as 3 months); and 
‘‘(II) other factors determined appropriate 
by the Secretary, such as eligibility status under this title (including eligibility under 
section 226(a), 226(b), or 226A, and dual eligi-bility under this title and title XIX). 
‘‘(E) D
RAFT CARE EPISODE AND PATIENT CON -
DITION GROUPS AND CLASSIFICATION CODES .— 
Not later than 270 days after the end of the comment period described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services a draft list of the care episode and patient condition codes established under subparagraph (D) (and the criteria and characteristics assigned to such code). 
‘‘(F) S
OLICITATION OF INPUT .—The Sec-
retary shall seek, through the date that is 120 days after the Secretary posts the list pursuant to subparagraph (E), comments from physician specialty societies, applica-ble practitioner organizations, and other stakeholders, including representatives of individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under this part, regarding the care episode and patient condition groups (and codes) posted under subparagraph (E). In seeking such comments, the Secretary shall use one or more mechanisms (other than notice and comment rulemaking) that may include use of open door forums, town 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2056 March 26, 2015 
hall meetings, or other appropriate mecha-
nisms. 
‘‘(G) O PERATIONAL LIST OF CARE EPISODE  
AND PATIENT CONDITION GROUPS AND CODES .— 
Not later than 270 days after the end of the comment period described in subparagraph (F), taking into account the comments re-ceived under such subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices an operational list of care episode and patient condition codes (and the criteria and characteristics assigned to such code). 
‘‘(H) S
UBSEQUENT REVISIONS .—Not later 
than November 1 of each year (beginning with 2018), the Secretary shall, through rule-making, make revisions to the operational lists of care episode and patient condition codes as the Secretary determines may be appropriate. Such revisions may be based on experience, new information developed pur-suant to subsection (n)(9)(A), and input from the physician specialty societies, applicable practitioner organizations, and other stake-holders, including representatives of individ-uals entitled to benefits under part A or en-rolled under this part. 
‘‘(3) A
TTRIBUTION OF PATIENTS TO PHYSI -
CIANS OR PRACTITIONERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to facilitate the 
attribution of patients and episodes (in whole or in part) to one or more physicians or applicable practitioners furnishing items and services, the Secretary shall undertake the steps described in the succeeding provi-sions of this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) D
EVELOPMENT OF PATIENT RELATION -
SHIP CATEGORIES AND CODES .—The Secretary 
shall develop patient relationship categories and codes that define and distinguish the re-lationship and responsibility of a physician or applicable practitioner with a patient at the time of furnishing an item or service. Such patient relationship categories shall include different relationships of the physi-cian or applicable practitioner to the patient (and the codes may reflect combinations of such categories), such as a physician or ap-plicable practitioner who— 
‘‘(i) considers themself to have the primary 
responsibility for the general and ongoing care for the patient over extended periods of time; 
‘‘(ii) considers themself to be the lead phy-
sician or practitioner and who furnishes items and services and coordinates care fur-nished by other physicians or practitioners for the patient during an acute episode; 
‘‘(iii) furnishes items and services to the 
patient on a continuing basis during an acute episode of care, but in a supportive 
rather than a lead role; 
‘‘(iv) furnishes items and services to the 
patient on an occasional basis, usually at the request of another physician or practitioner; or 
‘‘(v) furnishes items and services only as 
ordered by another physician or practitioner. 
‘‘(C) D
RAFT LIST OF PATIENT RELATIONSHIP  
CATEGORIES AND CODES .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services a draft list of the pa-tient relationship categories and codes de-veloped under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Secretary 
shall seek, through the date that is 120 days after the Secretary posts the list pursuant to subparagraph (C), comments from physician specialty societies, applicable practitioner organizations, and other stakeholders, in-cluding representatives of individuals enti-tled to benefits under part A or enrolled under this part, regarding the patient rela-tionship categories and codes posted under subparagraph (C). In seeking such comments, the Secretary shall use one or more mecha-nisms (other than notice and comment rule-
making) that may include open door forums, town hall meetings, web-based forums, or other appropriate mechanisms. 
‘‘(E) O
PERATIONAL LIST OF PATIENT RELA -
TIONSHIP CATEGORIES AND CODES .—Not later 
than 240 days after the end of the comment period described in subparagraph (D), taking into account the comments received under such subparagraph, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services an operational list of patient relationship categories and codes. 
‘‘(F) S
UBSEQUENT REVISIONS .—Not later 
than November 1 of each year (beginning with 2018), the Secretary shall, through rule-making, make revisions to the operational list of patient relationship categories and codes as the Secretary determines appro-priate. Such revisions may be based on expe-rience, new information developed pursuant to subsection (n)(9)(A), and input from the physician specialty societies, applicable practitioner organizations, and other stake-holders, including representatives of individ-uals entitled to benefits under part A or en-rolled under this part. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTING OF INFORMATION FOR RE -
SOURCE USE MEASUREMENT .—Claims sub-
mitted for items and services furnished by a physician or applicable practitioner on or after January 1, 2018, shall, as determined appropriate by the Secretary, include— 
‘‘(A) applicable codes established under 
paragraphs (2) and (3); and 
‘‘(B) the national provider identifier of the 
ordering physician or applicable practitioner (if different from the billing physician or ap-plicable practitioner). 
‘‘(5) M
ETHODOLOGY FOR RESOURCE USE ANAL -
YSIS.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to evaluate the 
resources used to treat patients (with re-spect to care episode and patient condition groups), the Secretary shall, as the Sec-retary determines appropriate— 
‘‘(i) use the patient relationship codes re-
ported on claims pursuant to paragraph (4) to attribute patients (in whole or in part) to one or more physicians and applicable prac-titioners; 
‘‘(ii) use the care episode and patient con-
dition codes reported on claims pursuant to paragraph (4) as a basis to compare similar patients and care episodes and patient condi-tion groups; and 
‘‘(iii) conduct an analysis of resource use 
(with respect to care episodes and patient condition groups of such patients). 
‘‘(B) A
NALYSIS OF PATIENTS OF PHYSICIANS  
AND PRACTITIONERS .—In conducting the anal-
ysis described in subparagraph (A)(iii) with respect to patients attributed to physicians and applicable practitioners, the Secretary shall, as feasible— 
‘‘(i) use the claims data experience of such 
patients by patient condition codes during a common period, such as 12 months; and 
‘‘(ii) use the claims data experience of such 
patients by care episode codes— 
‘‘(I) in the case of episodes without a hos-
pitalization, during periods of time (such as the number of days) determined appropriate by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of episodes with a hos-
pitalization, during periods of time (such as the number of days) before, during, and after the hospitalization. 
‘‘(C) M
EASUREMENT OF RESOURCE USE .—In 
measuring such resource use, the Sec-retary— 
‘‘(i) shall use per patient total allowed 
charges for all services under part A and this part (and, if the Secretary determines appro-priate, part D) for the analysis of patient re-source use, by care episode codes and by pa-tient condition codes; and ‘‘(ii) may, as determined appropriate, use 
other measures of allowed charges (such as subtotals for categories of items and serv-ices) and measures of utilization of items and services (such as frequency of specific items and services and the ratio of specific items and services among attributed pa-tients or episodes). 
‘‘(D) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Secretary 
shall seek comments from the physician spe-cialty societies, applicable practitioner orga-nizations, and other stakeholders, including representatives of individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under this part, regarding the resource use method-ology established pursuant to this para-graph. In seeking comments the Secretary shall use one or more mechanisms (other than notice and comment rulemaking) that may include open door forums, town hall meetings, web-based forums, or other appro-priate mechanisms. 
‘‘(6) I
MPLEMENTATION .—To the extent that 
the Secretary contracts with an entity to carry out any part of the provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may not contract with an entity or an entity with a sub-contract if the entity or subcontracting enti-ty currently makes recommendations to the Secretary on relative values for services under the fee schedule for physicians’ serv-ices under this section. 
‘‘(7) L
IMITATION .—There shall be no admin-
istrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of— 
‘‘(A) care episode and patient condition 
groups and codes established under para-
graph (2); 
‘‘(B) patient relationship categories and 
codes established under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(C) measurement of, and analyses of re-
source use with respect to, care episode and patient condition codes and patient relation-ship codes pursuant to paragraph (5). 
‘‘(8) A
DMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 
44, United States Code, shall not apply to this section. 
‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) P HYSICIAN .—The term ‘physician’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 1861(r)(1). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PRACTITIONER .—The term 
‘applicable practitioner’ means— 
‘‘(i) a physician assistant, nurse practi-
tioner, and clinical nurse specialist (as such terms are defined in section 1861(aa)(5)), and a certified registered nurse anesthetist (as defined in section 1861(bb)(2)); and 
‘‘(ii) beginning January 1, 2019, such other 
eligible professionals (as defined in sub-section (k)(3)(B)) as specified by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(10) C
LARIFICATION .—The provisions of 
sections 1890(b)(7) and 1890A shall not apply to this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 102. PRIORITIES AND FUNDING FOR MEAS-
URE DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395w–4), as amended by subsections (c) and (f) of section 101, is further amended by inserting at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(s) P
RIORITIES AND FUNDING FOR MEASURE  
DEVELOPMENT .— 
‘‘(1) P LAN IDENTIFYING MEASURE DEVELOP -
MENT PRIORITIES AND TIMELINES .— 
‘‘(A) D RAFT MEASURE DEVELOPMENT PLAN .— 
Not later than January 1, 2016, the Secretary shall develop, and post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, a draft plan for the develop-ment of quality measures for application under the applicable provisions (as defined in paragraph (5)). Under such plan the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) address how measures used by private 
payers and integrated delivery systems could be incorporated under title XVIII; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2057 March 26, 2015 
‘‘(ii) describe how coordination, to the ex-
tent possible, will occur across organizations developing such measures; and 
‘‘(iii) take into account how clinical best 
practices and clinical practice guidelines should be used in the development of quality measures. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALITY DOMAINS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘quality domains’ means at least the following domains: 
‘‘(i) Clinical care. ‘‘(ii) Safety. ‘‘(iii) Care coordination. ‘‘(iv) Patient and caregiver experience. ‘‘(v) Population health and prevention. ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—In developing the 
draft plan under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall consider— 
‘‘(i) gap analyses conducted by the entity 
with a contract under section 1890(a) or other contractors or entities; 
‘‘(ii) whether measures are applicable 
across health care settings; 
‘‘(iii) clinical practice improvement activi-
ties submitted under subsection (q)(2)(C)(iv) for identifying possible areas for future measure development and identifying exist-ing gaps with respect to such measures; and 
‘‘(iv) the quality domains applied under 
this subsection. 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITIES .—In developing the draft 
plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to the following types of measures: 
‘‘(i) Outcome measures, including patient 
reported outcome and functional status measures. 
‘‘(ii) Patient experience measures. ‘‘(iii) Care coordination measures. ‘‘(iv) Measures of appropriate use of serv-
ices, including measures of over use. 
‘‘(E) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Secretary 
shall accept through March 1, 2016, com-ments on the draft plan posted under para-graph (1)(A) from the public, including health care providers, payers, consumers, and other stakeholders. 
‘‘(F) F
INAL MEASURE DEVELOPMENT PLAN .— 
Not later than May 1, 2016, taking into ac-count the comments received under this sub-paragraph, the Secretary shall finalize the plan and post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services an operational plan for the development of quality measures for use under the applica-ble provisions. Such plan shall be updated as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS  
FOR QUALITY MEASURE DEVELOPMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
enter into contracts or other arrangements with entities for the purpose of developing, improving, updating, or expanding in accord-ance with the plan under paragraph (1) qual-ity measures for application under the appli-cable provisions. Such entities shall include organizations with quality measure develop-ment expertise. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In entering into con-
tracts or other arrangements under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall give priority to the development of the types of measures described in paragraph (1)(D). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In selecting meas-
ures for development under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(I) whether such measures would be elec-
tronically specified; and 
‘‘(II) clinical practice guidelines to the ex-
tent that such guidelines exist. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT BY THE SECRETARY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 
2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services a re-port on the progress made in developing quality measures for application under the 
applicable provisions. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each report sub-
mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) A description of the Secretary’s efforts 
to implement this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to the measures devel-
oped during the previous year— 
‘‘(I) a description of the total number of 
quality measures developed and the types of such measures, such as an outcome or pa-tient experience measure; 
‘‘(II) the name of each measure developed; ‘‘(III) the name of the developer and stew-
ard of each measure; 
‘‘(IV) with respect to each type of measure, 
an estimate of the total amount expended under this title to develop all measures of such type; and 
‘‘(V) whether the measure would be elec-
tronically specified. 
‘‘(iii) With respect to measures in develop-
ment at the time of the report— 
‘‘(I) the information described in clause 
(ii), if available; and 
‘‘(II) a timeline for completion of the de-
velopment of such measures. 
‘‘(iv) A description of any updates to the 
plan under paragraph (1) (including newly identified gaps and the status of previously identified gaps) and the inventory of meas-ures applicable under the applicable provi-sions. 
‘‘(v) Other information the Secretary de-
termines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(4) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—With respect to 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall seek stakeholder input with respect to— 
‘‘(A) the identification of gaps where no 
quality measures exist, particularly with re-spect to the types of measures described in paragraph (1)(D); 
‘‘(B) prioritizing quality measure develop-
ment to address such gaps; and 
‘‘(C) other areas related to quality measure 
development determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE PROVI -
SIONS .—In this subsection, the term ‘applica-
ble provisions’ means the following provi-sions: 
‘‘(A) Subsection (q)(2)(B)(i). ‘‘(B) Section 1833(z)(2)(C). ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .—For purposes of carrying 
out this subsection, the Secretary shall pro-vide for the transfer, from the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $15,000,000 to the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services Pro-gram Management Account for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. Amounts transferred under this paragraph shall remain available through the end of fiscal year 2022. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 
44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information for the develop-ment of quality measures.’’. 
SEC. 103. ENCOURAGING CARE MANAGEMENT 
FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH CHRONIC CARE NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1848(b) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) E
NCOURAGING CARE MANAGEMENT FOR  
INDIVIDUALS WITH CHRONIC CARE NEEDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to encourage 
the management of care for individuals with chronic care needs the Secretary shall, sub-ject to subparagraph (B), make payment (as the Secretary determines to be appropriate) under this section for chronic care manage-ment services furnished on or after January 1, 2015, by a physician (as defined in section 1861(r)(1)), physician assistant or nurse prac-titioner (as defined in section 1861(aa)(5)(A)), clinical nurse specialist (as defined in sec-tion 1861(aa)(5)(B)), or certified nurse mid-
wife (as defined in section 1861(gg)(2)). 
‘‘(B) P
OLICIES RELATING TO PAYMENT .—In 
carrying out this paragraph, with respect to chronic care management services, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) make payment to only one applicable 
provider for such services furnished to an in-dividual during a period; 
‘‘(ii) not make payment under subpara-
graph (A) if such payment would be duplica-tive of payment that is otherwise made under this title for such services; and 
‘‘(iii) not require that an annual wellness 
visit (as defined in section 1861(hhh)) or an initial preventive physical examination (as defined in section 1861(ww)) be furnished as a condition of payment for such management services.’’. 
(b) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .— 
(1) C AMPAIGN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct an education and outreach campaign to in-form professionals who furnish items and services under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act and individuals enrolled under such part of the benefits of chronic care management services described in sec-tion 1848(b)(8) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a), and encourage such individuals with chronic care needs to re-ceive such services. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such campaign shall— 
(i) be directed by the Office of Rural Health 
Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Office of Minority Health of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services; and 
(ii) focus on encouraging participation by 
underserved rural populations and racial and ethnic minority populations. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the use of chronic care manage-ment services described in such section 1848(b)(8) by individuals living in rural areas and by racial and ethnic minority popu-lations. Such report shall— 
(A) identify barriers to receiving chronic 
care management services; and 
(B) make recommendations for increasing 
the appropriate use of chronic care manage-ment services. 
SEC. 104. EMPOWERING BENEFICIARY CHOICES 
THROUGH CONTINUED ACCESS TO INFORMATION ON PHYSICIANS’ SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On an annual basis (be-
ginning with 2015), the Secretary shall make publicly available, in an easily understand-able format, information with respect to physicians and, as appropriate, other eligible professionals on items and services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
(b) T
YPE AND MANNER OF INFORMATION .— 
The information made available under this section shall be similar to the type of infor-
mation in the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File released by the Sec-retary with respect to 2012 and shall be made available in a manner similar to the manner in which the information in such file is made available. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The information made 
available under this section shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) Information on the number of services 
furnished by the physician or other eligible professional under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), which may include information on the most frequent services furnished or groupings of services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2058 March 26, 2015 
(2) Information on submitted charges and 
payments for services under such part. 
(3) A unique identifier for the physician or 
other eligible professional that is available to the public, such as a national provider identifier. 
(d) S
EARCHABILITY .—The information made 
available under this section shall be search-able by at least the following: 
(1) The specialty or type of the physician 
or other eligible professional. 
(2) Characteristics of the services fur-
nished, such as volume or groupings of serv-ices. 
(3) The location of the physician or other 
eligible professional. 
(e) I
NTEGRATION ON PHYSICIAN COMPARE .— 
Beginning with 2016, the Secretary shall in-tegrate the information made available under this section on Physician Compare. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE PROFESSIONAL ; PHYSICIAN ; SEC-
RETARY .—The terms ‘‘eligible professional’’, 
‘‘physician’’, and ‘‘Secretary’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 10331(i) of Public Law 111–148. 
(2) P
HYSICIAN COMPARE .—The term ‘‘Physi-
cian Compare’’ means the Physician Com-pare Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (or a successor website). 
SEC. 105. EXPANDING AVAILABILITY OF MEDI-
CARE DATA. 
(a) E XPANDING USES OF MEDICARE DATA BY  
QUALIFIED ENTITIES .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL ANALYSES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), to the extent consistent with applicable information, privacy, security, and disclo-sure laws (including paragraph (3)), notwith-standing paragraph (4)(B) of section 1874(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)) and the second sentence of paragraph (4)(D) of such section, beginning July 1, 2016, a qualified entity may use the combined data described in paragraph (4)(B)(iii) of such sec-tion received by such entity under such sec-tion, and information derived from the eval-uation described in such paragraph (4)(D), to conduct additional non-public analyses (as determined appropriate by the Secretary) and provide or sell such analyses to author-ized users for non-public use (including for the purposes of assisting providers of serv-ices and suppliers to develop and participate in quality and patient care improvement ac-tivities, including developing new models of care). 
(B) L
IMITATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANAL -
YSES.— 
(i) E MPLOYERS .—Any analyses provided or 
sold under subparagraph (A) to an employer described in paragraph (9)(A)(iii) may only be used by such employer for purposes of pro-viding health insurance to employees and re-tirees of the employer. 
(ii) H
EALTH INSURANCE ISSUERS .—A quali-
fied entity may not provide or sell an anal-ysis to a health insurance issuer described in paragraph (9)(A)(iv) unless the issuer is pro-viding the qualified entity with data under section 1874(e)(4)(B)(iii) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)(4)(B)(iii)). 
(2) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN DATA .— 
(A) A CCESS .—To the extent consistent with 
applicable information, privacy, security, and disclosure laws (including paragraph (3)), notwithstanding paragraph (4)(B) of section 1874(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)) and the second sentence of para-graph (4)(D) of such section, beginning July 1, 2016, a qualified entity may— 
(i) provide or sell the combined data de-
scribed in paragraph (4)(B)(iii) of such sec-tion to authorized users described in clauses (i), (ii), and (v) of paragraph (9)(A) for non- public use, including for the purposes de-scribed in subparagraph (B); or (ii) subject to subparagraph (C), provide 
Medicare claims data to authorized users de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (v), of para-graph (9)(A) for non-public use, including for the purposes described in subparagraph (B). 
(B) P
URPOSES DESCRIBED .—The purposes de-
scribed in this subparagraph are assisting providers of services and suppliers in devel-oping and participating in quality and pa-tient care improvement activities, including developing new models of care. 
(C) M
EDICARE CLAIMS DATA MUST BE PRO -
VIDED AT NO COST .—A qualified entity may 
not charge a fee for providing the data under subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(3) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), an analysis or data that is provided or sold under paragraph (1) or (2) shall not contain information that individ-ually identifies a patient. 
(B) I
NFORMATION ON PATIENTS OF THE PRO -
VIDER OF SERVICES OR SUPPLIER .—To the ex-
tent consistent with applicable information, privacy, security, and disclosure laws, an analysis or data that is provided or sold to a provider of services or supplier under para-graph (1) or (2) may contain information that individually identifies a patient of such pro-vider or supplier, including with respect to items and services furnished to the patient by other providers of services or suppliers. 
(C) P
ROHIBITION ON USING ANALYSES OR  
DATA FOR MARKETING PURPOSES .—An author-
ized user shall not use an analysis or data provided or sold under paragraph (1) or (2) for marketing purposes. 
(4) D
ATA USE AGREEMENT .—A qualified enti-
ty and an authorized user described in clauses (i), (ii), and (v) of paragraph (9)(A) shall enter into an agreement regarding the use of any data that the qualified entity is providing or selling to the authorized user under paragraph (2). Such agreement shall describe the requirements for privacy and se-curity of the data and, as determined appro-priate by the Secretary, any prohibitions on using such data to link to other individually identifiable sources of information. If the au-thorized user is not a covered entity under the rules promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996, the agreement shall iden-tify the relevant regulations, as determined by the Secretary, that the user shall comply with as if it were acting in the capacity of such a covered entity. 
(5) N
O REDISCLOSURE OF ANALYSES OR  
DATA .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), an authorized user that is 
provided or sold an analysis or data under paragraph (1) or (2) shall not redisclose or make public such analysis or data or any analysis using such data. 
(B) P
ERMITTED REDISCLOSURE .—A provider 
of services or supplier that is provided or sold an analysis or data under paragraph (1) or (2) may, as determined by the Secretary, redisclose such analysis or data for the pur-poses of performance improvement and care coordination activities but shall not make public such analysis or data or any analysis using such data. 
(6) O
PPORTUNITY FOR PROVIDERS OF SERV -
ICES AND SUPPLIERS TO REVIEW .—Prior to a 
qualified entity providing or selling an anal-ysis to an authorized user under paragraph (1), to the extent that such analysis would individually identify a provider of services or supplier who is not being provided or sold such analysis, such qualified entity shall provide such provider or supplier with the opportunity to appeal and correct errors in the manner described in section 1874(e)(4)(C)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)(4)(C)(ii)). 
(7) A
SSESSMENT FOR A BREACH .— (A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a breach of 
a data use agreement under this section or section 1874(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)), the Secretary shall impose an assessment on the qualified entity both in the case of— 
(i) an agreement between the Secretary 
and a qualified entity; and 
(ii) an agreement between a qualified enti-
ty and an authorized user. 
(B) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessment under 
subparagraph (A) shall be an amount up to $100 for each individual entitled to, or en-rolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled for benefits under part B of such title— 
(i) in the case of an agreement described in 
subparagraph (A)(i), for whom the Secretary provided data on to the qualified entity under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) in the case of an agreement described 
in subparagraph (A)(ii), for whom the quali-fied entity provided data on to the author-ized user under paragraph (2). 
(C) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS COLLECTED .—Any 
amounts collected pursuant to this para-graph shall be deposited in Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t). 
(8) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Any qualified entity 
that provides or sells an analysis or data under paragraph (1) or (2) shall annually sub-mit to the Secretary a report that includes— 
(A) a summary of the analyses provided or 
sold, including the number of such analyses, the number of purchasers of such analyses, and the total amount of fees received for such analyses; 
(B) a description of the topics and purposes 
of such analyses; 
(C) information on the entities who re-
ceived the data under paragraph (2), the uses of the data, and the total amount of fees re-ceived for providing, selling, or sharing the data; and 
(D) other information determined appro-
priate by the Secretary. 
(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection and 
subsection (b): 
(A) A UTHORIZED USER .—The term ‘‘author-
ized user’’ means the following: 
(i) A provider of services. (ii) A supplier. (iii) An employer (as defined in section 3(5) 
of the Employee Retirement Insurance Secu-rity Act of 1974). 
(iv) A health insurance issuer (as defined in 
section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act). 
(v) A medical society or hospital associa-
tion. 
(vi) Any entity not described in clauses (i) 
through (v) that is approved by the Sec-retary (other than an employer or health in-surance issuer not described in clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively, as determined by the Secretary). 
(B) P
ROVIDER OF SERVICES .—The term ‘‘pro-
vider of services’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1861(u) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(u)). 
(C) Q
UALIFIED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘quali-
fied entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1874(e)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)). 
(D) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
(E) S
UPPLIER .—The term ‘‘supplier’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 1861(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(d)). 
(b) A
CCESS TO MEDICARE DATA BY QUALI-
FIED CLINICAL DATA REGISTRIES TOFACILI -
TATE QUALITY IMPROVEMENT .— 
(1) A CCESS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2059 March 26, 2015 
(A) I N GENERAL .—To the extent consistent 
with applicable information, privacy, secu-rity, and disclosure laws, beginning July 1, 2016, the Secretary shall, at the request of a qualified clinical data registry under section 1848(m)(3)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(m)(3)(E)), provide the data de-scribed in subparagraph (B) (in a form and manner determined to be appropriate) to such qualified clinical data registry for pur-poses of linking such data with clinical out-comes data and performing risk-adjusted, scientifically valid analyses and research to support quality improvement or patient safe-ty, provided that any public reporting of such analyses or research that identifies a provider of services or supplier shall only be conducted with the opportunity of such pro-vider or supplier to appeal and correct errors in the manner described in subsection (a)(6). 
(B) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—The data described 
in this subparagraph is— 
(i) claims data under the Medicare pro-
gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act; and 
(ii) if the Secretary determines appro-
priate, claims data under the Medicaid pro-gram under title XIX of such Act and the State Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of such Act. 
(2) F
EE.—Data described in paragraph 
(1)(B) shall be provided to a qualified clinical data registry under paragraph (1) at a fee equal to the cost of providing such data. Any fee collected pursuant to the preceding sen-tence shall be deposited in the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Man-agement Account. 
(c) E
XPANSION OF DATA AVAILABLE TO  
QUALIFIED ENTITIES .—Section 1874(e) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘M
EDICARE ’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following new sentence: ‘‘Beginning July 1, 2016, if the Secretary determines appro-priate, the data described in this paragraph may also include standardized extracts (as determined by the Secretary) of claims data under titles XIX and XXI for assistance pro-vided under such titles for one or more speci-fied geographic areas and time periods re-quested by a qualified entity.’’; and 
(B) in the last sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
under titles XIX or XXI’’ before the period at the end. 
(d) R
EVISION OF PLACEMENT OF FEES.—Sec-
tion 1874(e)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk(e)(4)(A)) is amended, in the second sentence— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘, for periods prior to July 
1, 2016,’’ after ‘‘deposited’’; and 
(2) by inserting the following before the pe-
riod at the end: ‘‘, and, beginning July 1, 2016, into the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services Program Management Ac-count’’. 
SEC. 106. REDUCING ADMINISTRATIVE BURDEN 
AND OTHER PROVISIONS. 
(a) M EDICARE PHYSICIAN AND PRACTITIONER  
OPT-OUT TO PRIVATE CONTRACT .— 
(1) I NDEFINITE , CONTINUING AUTOMATIC EX -
TENSION OF OPT OUT ELECTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1802(b)(3) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395a(b)(3)) is amended— 
(i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘during the 2-year period beginning on the date the affidavit is signed’’ and inserting ‘‘during the applicable 2-year period (as de-fined in subparagraph (D))’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘dur-
ing the 2-year period described in subpara-graph (B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘during the ap-plicable 2-year period’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICABLE 2 -YEAR PERIODS FOR EF -
FECTIVENESS OF AFFIDAVITS .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘applicable 2-year period’ means, with respect to an affidavit of a phy-sician or practitioner under subparagraph (B), the 2-year period beginning on the date the affidavit is signed and includes each sub-sequent 2-year period unless the physician or practitioner involved provides notice to the Secretary (in a form and manner specified by the Secretary), not later than 30 days before the end of the previous 2-year period, that the physician or practitioner does not want to extend the application of the affidavit for such subsequent 2-year period.’’. 
(B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by subparagraph (A) shall apply to affi-davits entered into on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON  
OPT-OUT PHYSICIANS AND PRACTITIONERS .— 
Section 1802(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395a(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (5), by adding at the end 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) O
PT-OUT PHYSICIAN OR PRACTITIONER .— 
The term ‘opt-out physician or practitioner’ means a physician or practitioner who has in effect an affidavit under paragraph (3)(B).’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) P
OSTING OF INFORMATION ON OPT -OUT 
PHYSICIANS AND PRACTITIONERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning not later 
than February 1, 2016, the Secretary shall make publicly available through an appro-priate publicly accessible website of the De-partment of Health and Human Services in-formation on the number and characteristics of opt-out physicians and practitioners and shall update such information on such website not less often than annually. 
‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED .—The in-
formation to be made available under sub-paragraph (A) shall include at least the fol-lowing with respect to opt-out physicians 
and practitioners: 
‘‘(i) Their number. ‘‘(ii) Their physician or professional spe-
cialty or other designation. 
‘‘(iii) Their geographic distribution. ‘‘(iv) The timing of their becoming opt-out 
physicians and practitioners, relative, to the extent feasible, to when they first enrolled in the program under this title and with re-spect to applicable 2-year periods. 
‘‘(v) The proportion of such physicians and 
practitioners who billed for emergency or ur-gent care services.’’. 
(b) P
ROMOTING INTEROPERABILITY OF ELEC-
TRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYSTEMS .— 
(1) R ECOMMENDATIONS FOR ACHIEVING WIDE -
SPREAD EHR INTEROPERABILITY .— 
(A) O BJECTIVE .—As a consequence of a sig-
nificant Federal investment in the imple-mentation of health information technology through the Medicare and Medicaid EHR in-centive programs, Congress declares it a na-tional objective to achieve widespread ex-change of health information through inter-operable certified EHR technology nation-wide by December 31, 2018. 
(B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
(i) W IDESPREAD INTEROPERABILITY .—The 
term ‘‘widespread interoperability’’ means interoperability between certified EHR tech-nology systems employed by meaningful EHR users under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incentive programs and other clinicians and health care providers on a nationwide basis. 
(ii) I
NTEROPERABILITY .—The term ‘‘inter-
operability’’ means the ability of two or more health information systems or compo-
nents to exchange clinical and other infor-mation and to use the information that has been exchanged using common standards as to provide access to longitudinal informa-tion for health care providers in order to fa-cilitate coordinated care and improved pa-tient outcomes. 
(C) E
STABLISHMENT OF METRICS .—Not later 
than July 1, 2016, and in consultation with stakeholders, the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to determine if and to the extent that the objective described in sub-paragraph (A) has been achieved. 
(D) R
ECOMMENDATIONS IF OBJECTIVE NOT  
ACHIEVED .—If the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services determines that the objec-tive described in subparagraph (A) has not been achieved by December 31, 2018, then the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report, by not later than December 31, 2019, that identifies barriers to such objective and rec-ommends actions that the Federal Govern-ment can take to achieve such objective. Such recommended actions may include rec-ommendations— 
(i) to adjust payments for not being mean-
ingful EHR users under the Medicare EHR incentive programs; and 
(ii) for criteria for decertifying certified 
EHR technology products. 
(2) P
REVENTING BLOCKING THE SHARING OF  
INFORMATION .— 
(A) F OR MEANINGFUL USE EHR PROFES -
SIONALS .—Section 1848(o)(2)(A)(ii) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(o)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and the professional demonstrates (through a process specified by the Secretary, such as the use of an attestation) that the profes-sional has not knowingly and willfully taken action (such as to disable functionality) to limit or restrict the compatibility or inter-operability of the certified EHR tech-nology’’. 
(B) F
OR MEANINGFUL USE EHR HOSPITALS .— 
Section 1886(n)(3)(A)(ii) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(n)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and the hospital demonstrates (through a process specified by the Secretary, such as the use of an attesta-tion) that the hospital has not knowingly and willfully taken action (such as to disable functionality) to limit or restrict the com-patibility or interoperability of the certified EHR technology’’. 
(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to mean-ingful EHR users as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON THE FEASIBILITY  
OF ESTABLISHING A MECHANISM TO COMPARE  
CERTIFIED EHR TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS .— 
(A) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
study to examine the feasibility of estab-lishing one or more mechanisms to assist providers in comparing and selecting cer-tified EHR technology products. Such mech-anisms may include— 
(i) a website with aggregated results of sur-
veys of meaningful EHR users on the functionality of certified EHR technology products to enable such users to directly compare the functionality and other features of such products; and 
(ii) information from vendors of certified 
products that is made publicly available in a standardized format. 
The aggregated results of the surveys de-
scribed in clause (i) may be made available through contracts with physicians, hos-pitals, or other organizations that maintain such comparative information described in such clause. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2060 March 26, 2015 
(B) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on mechanisms that would assist providers in comparing and selecting certified EHR technology products. The report shall in-clude information on the benefits of, and re-sources needed to develop and maintain, such mechanisms. 
(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) The term ‘‘certified EHR technology’’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 1848(o)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(4)). 
(B) The term ‘‘meaningful EHR user’’ has 
the meaning given such term under the Medicare EHR incentive programs. 
(C) The term ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid EHR 
incentive programs’’ means— 
(i) in the case of the Medicare program 
under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, the incentive programs under section 1814(l)(3), section 1848(o), subsections (l) and (m) of section 1853, and section 1886(n) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(l)(3), 1395w–4(o), 1395w–23, 1395ww(n)); and 
(ii) in the case of the Medicaid program 
under title XIX of such Act, the incentive program under subsections (a)(3)(F) and (t) of section 1903 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b). 
(D) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services. 
(c) GAO S
TUDIES AND REPORTS ON THE USE 
OFTELEHEALTH UNDER FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND ON REMOTE PATIENT MONITORING SERV-
ICES.— 
(1) S TUDY ON TELEHEALTH SERVICES .—The 
Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the following: 
(A) How the definition of telehealth across 
various Federal programs and Federal efforts can inform the use of telehealth in the Medi-care program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
(B) Issues that can facilitate or inhibit the 
use of telehealth under the Medicare pro-gram under such title, including oversight and professional licensure, changing tech-nology, privacy and security, infrastructure requirements, and varying needs across urban and rural areas. 
(C) Potential implications of greater use of 
telehealth with respect to payment and de-livery system transformations under the Medicare program under such title XVIII and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
(D) How the Centers for Medicare & Med-
icaid Services monitors payments made under the Medicare program under such title XVIII to providers for telehealth services. 
(2) S
TUDY ON REMOTE PATIENT MONITORING  
SERVICES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study— 
(i) of the dissemination of remote patient 
monitoring technology in the private health insurance market; 
(ii) of the financial incentives in the pri-
vate health insurance market relating to adoption of such technology; 
(iii) of the barriers to adoption of such 
services under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act; 
(iv) that evaluates the patients, condi-
tions, and clinical circumstances that could most benefit from remote patient moni-toring services; and 
(v) that evaluates the challenges related to 
establishing appropriate valuation for re-mote patient monitoring services under the Medicare physician fee schedule under sec-tion 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) in order to accurately reflect the resources involved in furnishing such services. 
(B) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph: (i) R EMOTE PATIENT MONITORING SERVICES .— 
The term ‘‘remote patient monitoring serv-ices’’ means services furnished through re-mote patient monitoring technology. 
(ii) R
EMOTE PATIENT MONITORING TECH -
NOLOGY .—The term ‘‘remote patient moni-
toring technology’’ means a coordinated sys-tem that uses one or more home-based or mobile monitoring devices that automati-cally transmit vital sign data or information on activities of daily living and may include responses to assessment questions collected on the devices wirelessly or through a tele-communications connection to a server that complies with the Federal regulations (con-cerning the privacy of individually identifi-able health information) promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996, as part of an established plan of care for that patient that includes the review and inter-pretation of that data by a health care pro-fessional. 
(3) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 24 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress— 
(A) a report containing the results of the 
study conducted under paragraph (1); and 
(B) a report containing the results of the 
study conducted under paragraph (2). 
A report required under this paragraph shall 
be submitted together with recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General deter-mines appropriate. The Comptroller General may submit one report containing the re-sults described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) and the recommendations described in the previous sentence. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING  
HEALTH CAREPROVIDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
the development, recognition, or implemen-tation of any guideline or other standard under any Federal health care provision shall not be construed to establish the stand-ard of care or duty of care owed by a health care provider to a patient in any medical malpractice or medical product liability ac-tion or claim. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section: 
(A) F EDERAL HEALTH CARE PROVISION .—The 
term ‘‘Federal health care provision’’ means any provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), title I or subtitle B of title II of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), or title XVIII or XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq., 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
(B) H
EALTH CARE PROVIDER .—The term 
‘‘health care provider’’ means any indi-vidual, group practice, corporation of health care professionals, or hospital— 
(i) licensed, registered, or certified under 
Federal or State laws or regulations to pro-vide health care services; or 
(ii) required to be so licensed, registered, 
or certified but that is exempted by other statute or regulation. 
(C) M
EDICAL MALPRACTICE OR MEDICAL  
PRODUCT LIABILITY ACTION OR CLAIM .—The 
term ‘‘medical malpractice or medical prod-uct liability action or claim’’ means a med-ical malpractice action or claim (as defined in section 431(7) of the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11151(7))) and includes a liability action or claim relat-ing to a health care provider’s prescription or provision of a drug, device, or biological product (as such terms are defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262)). 
(D) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ includes the 
District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and any other commonwealth, possession, or terri-
tory of the United States. 
(3) N O PREEMPTION .—Nothing in paragraph 
(1) or any provision of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), title I or subtitle B of title II of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), or title XVIII or XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq., 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) shall be construed to preempt any State or com-mon law governing medical professional or medical product liability actions or claims. 
TITLE II—MEDICARE AND OTHER HEALTH 
EXTENDERS 
Subtitle A—Medicare Extenders 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF WORK GPCI FLOOR. 
Section 1848(e)(1)(E) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(e)(1)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF THERAPY CAP EXCEP-
TIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1833(g) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(g)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5)(A), in the first sen-
tence, by striking ‘‘March 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 2014, or the first 
three months of 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2012 through 2017’’. 
(b) T
ARGETED REVIEWS UNDER MANUAL  
MEDICAL REVIEW PROCESS FOR OUTPATIENT  
THERAPY SERVICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1833(g)(5) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(g)(5)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (C)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
subject to subparagraph (E),’’ after ‘‘manual medical review process that’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E)(i) In place of the manual medical re-
view process under subparagraph (C)(i), the Secretary shall implement a process for medical review under this subparagraph under which the Secretary shall identify and conduct medical review for services de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i) furnished by a provider of services or supplier (in this sub-paragraph referred to as a ‘therapy provider’) using such factors as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) Such factors may include the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(I) The therapy provider has had a high 
claims denial percentage for therapy services under this part or is less compliant with ap-plicable requirements under this title. 
‘‘(II) The therapy provider has a pattern of 
billing for therapy services under this part that is aberrant compared to peers or other-wise has questionable billing practices for such services, such as billing medically un-likely units of services in a day. 
‘‘(III) The therapy provider is newly en-
rolled under this title or has not previously furnished therapy services under this part. 
‘‘(IV) The services are furnished to treat a 
type of medical condition. 
‘‘(V) The therapy provider is part of group 
that includes another therapy provider iden-tified using the factors determined under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of carrying out this sub-
paragraph, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $5,000,000 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, to remain available until expended. Such funds may not be used by a contractor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2061 March 26, 2015 
under section 1893(h) for medical reviews 
under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iv) The targeted review process under 
this subparagraph shall not apply to services for which expenses are incurred beyond the period for which the exceptions process under subparagraph (A) is implemented.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to requests described in section 1833(g)(5)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(g)(5)(C)(i)) with respect to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has not conducted medical review under such section by a date (not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act) specified by the Secretary. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF AMBULANCE ADD-ONS. 
(a) G ROUND AMBULANCE .—Section 
1834(l)(13)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(13)(A)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ each place it appears. 
(b) S
UPER RURAL GROUND AMBULANCE .— 
Section 1834(l)(12)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(12)(A)) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 204. EXTENSION OF INCREASED INPATIENT 
HOSPITAL PAYMENT ADJUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN LOW-VOLUME HOS-PITALS. 
Section 1886(d)(12) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘in fiscal year 2015 (beginning on April 1, 2015), fiscal year 2016, and subsequent fiscal years’’ and insert-ing ‘‘in fiscal year 2018 and subsequent fiscal years’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘fis-
cal years 2011 through 2014 and fiscal year 2015 (before April 1, 2015),’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2011 through 2017,’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2011 through 2014 and fiscal year 2015 (before April 1, 2015),’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2011 through 2017,’’. 
SEC. 205. EXTENSION OF THE MEDICARE-DE-
PENDENT HOSPITAL (MDH) PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5)(G) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(G)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘April 1, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) E XTENSION OF TARGET AMOUNT .—Section 
1886(b)(3)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(D)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘through fis-
cal year 2014 and the portion of fiscal year 2015 before April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. 
(2) P
ERMITTING HOSPITALS TO DECLINE RE -
CLASSIFICATION .—Section 13501(e)(2) of the 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘through the first 2 quarters of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. 
SEC. 206. EXTENSION FOR SPECIALIZED MEDI-
CARE ADVANTAGE PLANS FOR SPE-CIAL NEEDS INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 1859(f)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 207. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR QUALITY 
MEASURE ENDORSEMENT, INPUT, AND SELECTION. 
Section 1890(d)(2) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘and $15,000,000 for the first 6 
months of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 208. EXTENSION OF FUNDING OUTREACH 
AND ASSISTANCE FOR LOW-INCOME PROGRAMS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR STATE HEALTH  
INSURANCE PROGRAMS .—Subsection (a)(1)(B) 
of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note), as amended by section 3306 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), section 610 of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240), section 1110 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67), and section 110 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93), is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by striking clause (v); and (3) by adding at the end the following new 
clauses: 
‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2015, of $7,500,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2016, of $13,000,000; and ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2017, of $13,000,000.’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AREA AGEN-
CIES ON AGING.—Subsection (b)(1)(B) of such 
section 119, as so amended, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by striking clause (v); and (3) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing new clauses: 
‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2015, of $7,500,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2016, of $7,500,000; and ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2017, of $7,500,000.’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AGING AND  
DISABILITY RESOURCE CENTERS .—Subsection 
(c)(1)(B) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by striking clause (v); and (3) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing new clauses: 
‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2015, of $5,000,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2016, of $5,000,000; and ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2017, of $5,000,000.’’. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CONTRACT  
WITH THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR BENEFITS  
AND OUTREACH ENROLLMENT .—Subsection 
(d)(2) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by striking clause (v); and (3) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing new clauses: 
‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2015, of $5,000,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2016, of $12,000,000; and ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2017, of $12,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 209. EXTENSION AND TRANSITION OF REA-
SONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS. 
(a) O NE-YEAR TRANSITION AND NOTICE RE-
GARDING TRANSITION .—Section 1876(h)(5)(C) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395mm(h)(5)(C)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding 
subclause (I), by striking ‘‘For any’’ and in-serting ‘‘Subject to clause (iv), for any’’; 
(2) in clause (iii)(I), by inserting ‘‘cost plan 
service’’ after ‘‘With respect to any portion of the’’; 
(3) in clause (iii)(II), by inserting ‘‘cost 
plan service’’ after ‘‘With respect to any other portion of such’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
clauses: 
‘‘(iv) In the case of an eligible organization 
that is offering a reasonable cost reimburse-ment contract that may no longer be ex-tended or renewed because of the application of clause (ii), or where such contract has been extended or renewed but the eligible or-ganization has informed the Secretary in 
writing not later than a date determined ap-propriate by the Secretary that such organi-zation voluntarily plans not to seek renewal of the reasonable cost reimbursement con-tract, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(I) Notwithstanding such clause, such 
contract may be extended or renewed for the two years subsequent to 2016. The final year in which such contract is extended or re-newed is referred to in this subsection as the ‘last reasonable cost reimbursement con-tract year for the contract’. 
‘‘(II) The organization may not enroll a 
new enrollee under such contract during the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract (but may continue to enroll new enrollees through the end of the year immediately preceding such year) un-less such enrollee is any of the following: 
‘‘(aa) An individual who chooses enroll-
ment in the reasonable cost contract during the annual election period with respect to such last year. 
‘‘(bb) An individual whose spouse, at the 
time of the individual’s enrollment is an en-rollee under the reasonable cost reimburse-ment contract. 
‘‘(cc) An individual who is covered under 
an employer group health plan that offers coverage through the reasonable cost reim-bursement contract. 
‘‘(dd) An individual who becomes entitled 
to benefits under part A, or enrolled under part B, and was enrolled in a plan offered by the eligible organization immediately prior 
to the individual’s enrollment under the rea-sonable cost reimbursement contract. 
‘‘(III) Not later than a date determined ap-
propriate by the Secretary prior to the be-ginning of the last reasonable cost reim-bursement contract year for the contract, the organization shall provide notice to the Secretary as to whether the organization will apply to have the contract converted over, in whole or in part, and offered as a Medicare Advantage plan under part C for the year following the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the con-tract. 
‘‘(IV) If the organization provides the no-
tice described in subclause (III) that the con-tract will be converted, in whole or in part, the organization shall, not later than a date determined appropriate by the Secretary, provide the Secretary with such information as the Secretary determines appropriate in order to carry out section 1851(c)(4) and to carry out section 1854(a)(5), including sub-paragraph (C)(ii) of such section. 
‘‘(V) In the case that the organization en-
rolls a new enrollee under such contract dur-ing the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract, the organiza-tion shall provide the individual with a noti-fication that such year is the last year for such contract. 
‘‘(v) If an eligible organization that is of-
fering a reasonable cost reimbursement con-tract that is extended or renewed pursuant to clause (iv) provides the notice described in clause (iv)(III) that the contract will be con-verted, in whole or in part, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(I) The deemed enrollment under section 
1851(c)(4). 
‘‘(II) The special rule for quality increase 
under section 1853(o)(4)(C). 
‘‘(III) During the last reasonable cost reim-
bursement contract year for the contract and the year immediately preceding such year, the eligible organization, or the cor-porate parent organization of the eligible or-ganization, shall be permitted to offer an MA plan in the area that such contract is being offered and enroll Medicare Advantage eligi-ble individuals in such MA plan and such cost plan.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2062 March 26, 2015 
(b) D EEMED ENROLLMENT FROM REASON -
ABLE COSTREIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS CON-
VERTED TO MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1851(c) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(c)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Such 
elections’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to para-graph (4), such elections’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EEMED ENROLLMENT RELATING TO CON -
VERTED REASONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT  
CONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—On the first day of the 
annual, coordinated election period under subsection (e)(3) for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2017, an MA eligible indi-vidual described in clause (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (B) is deemed, unless the indi-vidual elects otherwise, to have elected to receive benefits under this title through an applicable MA plan (and shall be enrolled in such plan) beginning with such plan year, if— 
‘‘(i) the individual is enrolled in a reason-
able cost reimbursement contract under sec-tion 1876(h) in the previous plan year; 
‘‘(ii) such reasonable cost reimbursement 
contract was extended or renewed for the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year of the contract (as described in sub-clause (I) of section 1876(h)(5)(C)(iv)) pursu-ant to such section; 
‘‘(iii) the eligible organization that is of-
fering such reasonable cost reimbursement contract provided the notice described in subclause (III) of such section that the con-tract was to be converted; 
‘‘(iv) the applicable MA plan— ‘‘(I) is the plan that was converted from 
the reasonable cost reimbursement contract described in clause (iii); 
‘‘(II) is offered by the same entity (or an 
organization affiliated with such entity that has a common ownership interest of control) that entered into such contract; and 
‘‘(III) is offered in the service area where 
the individual resides; 
‘‘(v) in the case of reasonable cost reim-
bursement contracts that provide coverage under parts A and B (and, to the extent the Secretary determines it to be feasible, con-tracts that provide only part B coverage), the difference between the estimated indi-vidual costs (as determined applicable by the Secretary) for the applicable MA plan and such costs for the predecessor cost plan does not exceed a threshold established by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(vi) the applicable MA plan— ‘‘(I) provides coverage for enrollees 
transitioning from the converted reasonable cost reimbursement contract to such plan to maintain current providers of services and suppliers and course of treatment at the time of enrollment for a period of at least 90 days after enrollment; and 
‘‘(II) during such period, pays such pro-
viders of services and suppliers for items and services furnished to the enrollee an amount that is not less than the amount of payment applicable for such items and services under the original Medicare fee-for-service pro-gram under parts A and B. 
‘‘(B) MA 
ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) W ITHOUT PRESCRIPTION DRUG COV -
ERAGE .—An MA eligible individual described 
in this clause, with respect to a plan year, is an MA eligible individual who is enrolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract under section 1876(h) in the previous plan year and who is not, for such previous plan year, enrolled in a prescription drug plan under part D, including coverage under sec-tion 1860D–22. 
‘‘(ii) W
ITH PRESCRIPTION DRUG COVERAGE .— 
An MA eligible individual described in this clause, with respect to a plan year, is an MA eligible individual who is enrolled in a rea-
sonable cost reimbursement contract under section 1876(h) in the previous plan year and who, for such previous plan year, is enrolled in a prescription drug plan under part D— 
‘‘(I) through such contract; or ‘‘(II) through a prescription drug plan, if 
the sponsor of such plan is the same entity (or an organization affiliated with such enti-ty) that entered into such contract. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE MA PLAN DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘applicable MA plan’ means, in the case of an individual described in— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (B)(i), an MA plan that is 
not an MA–PD plan; and 
‘‘(ii) subparagraph (B)(ii), an MA–PD plan. ‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION AND NOTIFICATION OF  
DEEMED INDIVIDUALS .—Not later than 45 days 
before the first day of the annual, coordi-nated election period under subsection (e)(3) for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2017, the Secretary shall identify and no-tify the individuals who will be subject to deemed elections under subparagraph (A) on the first day of such period.’’. 
(2) B
ENEFICIARY OPTION TO DISCONTINUE OR  
CHANGE MA PLAN OR MA –PD PLAN AFTER  
DEEMED ENROLLMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1851(e)(2) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(e)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(F) S
PECIAL PERIOD FOR CERTAIN DEEMED  
ELECTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—At any time during the 
period beginning after the last day of the an-nual, coordinated election period under para-graph (3) in which an individual is deemed to have elected to enroll in an MA plan or MA– PD plan under subsection (c)(4) and ending on the last day of February of the first plan year for which the individual is enrolled in such plan, such individual may change the election under subsection (a)(1) (including changing the MA plan or MA–PD plan in which the individual is enrolled). 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION OF ONE CHANGE .—An indi-
vidual may exercise the right under clause 
(i) only once during the applicable period de-scribed in such clause. The limitation under this clause shall not apply to changes in elections effected during an annual, coordi-nated election period under paragraph (3) or during a special enrollment period under paragraph (4).’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(i) P LAN REQUIREMENT FOR OPEN ENROLL -
MENT .—Section 1851(e)(6)(A) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(e)(6)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (1),’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (1), during the period de-scribed in paragraph (2)(F),’’. 
(ii) P
ART D .—Section 1860D–1(b)(1)(B) of 
such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(I) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and paragraph 
(4)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘and (E)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(E), and (F)’’. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF ESRD FOR DEEMED EN -
ROLLMENT .—Section 1851(a)(3)(B) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(a)(3)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘An individual who develops end-stage renal disease while en-rolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract under section 1876(h) shall be treat-ed as an MA eligible individual for purposes of applying the deemed enrollment under subsection (c)(4).’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
1851(d)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(d)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘N
OTIFICA -
TION TO NEWLY ELIGIBLE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE  
ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS ’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘N OTIFICATIONS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) N OTIFICATION TO NEWLY ELIGIBLE MEDI -
CARE ADVANTAGE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) N OTIFICATION RELATED TO CERTAIN  
DEEMED ELECTIONS .—The Secretary shall re-
quire a Medicare Advantage organization that is offering a Medicare Advantage plan that has been converted from a reasonable cost reimbursement contract pursuant to section 1876(h)(5)(C)(iv) to mail, not later than 30 days prior to the first day of the an-nual, coordinated election period under sub-section (e)(3) of a year, to any individual en-rolled under such contract and identified by the Secretary under subsection (c)(4)(D) for such year— 
‘‘(I) a notification that such individual 
will, on such day, be deemed to have made an election with respect to such plan to receive benefits under this title through an MA plan or MA–PD plan (and shall be enrolled in such plan) for the next plan year under subsection (c)(4)(A), but that the individual may make a different election during the annual, coordi-nated election period for such year; 
‘‘(II) the information described in subpara-
graph (A); 
‘‘(III) a description of the differences be-
tween such MA plan or MA–PD plan and the reasonable cost reimbursement contract in which the individual was most recently en-rolled with respect to benefits covered under such plans, including cost-sharing, pre-miums, drug coverage, and provider net-works; 
‘‘(IV) information about the special period 
for elections under subsection (e)(2)(F); and 
‘‘(V) other information the Secretary may 
specify.’’. 
(d) T
REATMENT OF TRANSITION PLAN FOR  
QUALITY RATING FOR PAYMENT PURPOSES .— 
Section 1853(o)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FIRST 3 PLAN YEARS  
FOR PLANS THAT WERE CONVERTED FROM A  
REASONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CON -
TRACT .—For purposes of applying paragraph 
(1) and section 1854(b)(1)(C) for the first 3 plan years under this part in the case of an MA plan to which deemed enrollment applies under section 1851(c)(4)— 
‘‘(i) such plan shall not be treated as a new 
MA plan (as defined in paragraph (3)(A)(iii)(II)); and 
‘‘(ii) in determining the star rating of the 
plan under subparagraph (A), to the extent that Medicare Advantage data for such plan is not available for a measure used to deter-mine such star rating, the Secretary shall use data from the period in which such plan was a reasonable cost reimbursement con-tract.’’. 
SEC. 210. EXTENSION OF HOME HEALTH RURAL 
ADD-ON. 
Section 421(a) of the Medicare Prescription 
Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–173; 117 Stat. 2283; 42 U.S.C. 1395fff note), as amended by section 5201(b) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 46) and by sec-tion 3131(c) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 428), is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ each place it appears. 
Subtitle B—Other Health Extenders 
SEC. 211. PERMANENT EXTENSION OF THE 
QUALIFYING INDIVIDUAL (QI) PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION .—Section 
1902(a)(10)(E)(iv) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(E)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘(but only for premiums payable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2063 March 26, 2015 
with respect to months during the period be-
ginning with January 1998, and ending with March 2015)’’. 
(b) A
LLOCATIONS .—Section 1933(g) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u–3(g)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(H); 
(B) in subparagraph (V), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (W), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting a semicolon; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraphs (I) 
through (W) as subparagraphs (A) through (O), respectively; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(P) for the period that begins on April 1, 
2015, and ends on December 31, 2015, the total allocation amount is $535,000,000; and 
‘‘(Q) for 2016 and, subject to paragraph (4), 
for each subsequent year, the total alloca-tion amount is $980,000,000.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(P), (R), 
(T), or (V)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (P)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENT TO ALLOCATIONS .—The 
Secretary may increase the allocation amount under paragraph (2)(Q) for a year (beginning with 2017) up to an amount that 
does not exceed the product of the following: 
‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM ALLOCATION AMOUNT FOR  
PREVIOUS YEAR .—In the case of 2017, the allo-
cation amount for 2016, or in the case of a subsequent year, the maximum allocation amount allowed under this paragraph for the previous year. 
‘‘(B) I
NCREASE IN PART B PREMIUM .—The 
monthly premium rate determined under section 1839 for the year divided by the monthly premium rate determined under such section for the previous year. 
‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN PART B ENROLLMENT .—The 
average number of individuals (as estimated by the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services in September of the previous year) to be enrolled under part B of title XVIII for months in the year di-vided by the average number of such individ-uals (as so estimated) under this subpara-graph with respect to enrollments in months in the previous year.’’. 
SEC. 212. PERMANENT EXTENSION OF TRANSI-
TIONAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE (TMA). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1925 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–6) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1902(e)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(1)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) Beginning April 1, 1990, for provisions 
relating to the extension of eligibility for medical assistance for certain families who have received aid pursuant to a State plan approved under part A of title IV and have earned income, see section 1925.’’. 
SEC. 213. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL DIABETES PRO-
GRAM FOR TYPE I DIABETES AND FOR INDIANS. 
(a) S PECIAL DIABETES PROGRAMS FOR TYPE 
I D IABETES .—Section 330B(b)(2)(C) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c– 2(b)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL DIABETES PROGRAMS FOR INDI-
ANS.—Section 330C(c)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–3(c)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 214. EXTENSION OF ABSTINENCE EDU-
CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 510 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), striking ‘‘2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘and an 
additional $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ after ‘‘2015’’. 
(b) B
UDGET SCORING .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the baseline shall be calculated assuming that no grant shall be made under section 510 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710) after fiscal year 2017. 
(c) R
EALLOCATION OF UNUSED FUNDING .— 
The remaining unobligated balances of the amount appropriated for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 by section 510(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710(d)) for which no applica-tion has been received by the Funding Oppor-tunity Announcement deadline, shall be made available to States that require the implementation of each element described in subparagraphs (A) through (H) of the defini-tion of abstinence education in section 510(b)(2). The remaining unobligated bal-ances shall be reallocated to such States that submit a valid application consistent with the original formula for this funding. 
SEC. 215. EXTENSION OF PERSONAL RESPONSI-
BILITY EDUCATION PROGRAM (PREP). 
Section 513 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 713) is amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1)(A) and (4)(A) of sub-
section (a), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subsection (a)(4)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘, 
2013, 2014, and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 216. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR FAMILY- 
TO-FAMILY HEALTH INFORMATION CENTERS. 
Section 501(c)(1)(A) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 701(c)(1)(A)) is amended— 
(1) by striking clause (vi); and (2) by adding after clause (v) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(vi) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 
through 2017.’’. 
SEC. 217. EXTENSION OF HEALTH WORKFORCE 
DEMONSTRATION PROJECT FOR LOW-INCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 2008(c)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1397g(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 218. EXTENSION OF MATERNAL, INFANT, 
AND EARLY CHILDHOOD HOME VIS-ITING PROGRAMS. 
Section 511(j)(1) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 711(j)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (E); 
(2) in subparagraph (F)— (A) by striking ‘‘for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on March 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘an amount equal to the 
amount provided in subparagraph (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘$400,000,000’’; and 
(C) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(G) for fiscal year 2016, $400,000,000; and ‘‘(H) for fiscal year 2017, $400,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 219. TENNESSEE DSH ALLOTMENT FOR FIS-
CAL YEARS 2015 THROUGH 2025. 
Section 1923(f)(6)(A) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)(6)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(vi) A
LLOTMENT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2015  
THROUGH 2025 .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this subsection, any other provi-sion of law, or the terms of the TennCare Demonstration Project in effect for the State, the DSH allotment for Tennessee for fiscal year 2015, and for each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2025, shall be 
$53,100,000 for each such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 220. DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE FOR MED-
ICAID AMENDMENTS RELATING TO BENEFICIARY LIABILITY SETTLE-MENTS. 
Section 202(c) of the Bipartisan Budget Act 
of 2013 (division A of Public Law 113–67; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note), as amended by section 211 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 128 Stat. 1047) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 221. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR COMMU-
NITY HEALTH CENTERS, THE NA-TIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS, AND TEACHING HEALTH CENTERS. 
(a) F UNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CEN-
TERS AND THE NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE  
CORPS .— 
(1) C OMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS .—Section 
10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS .—Sec-
tion 10503(b)(2)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b– 2(b)(2)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF TEACHING HEALTH CEN-
TERS PROGRAM .—Section 340H(g) of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h(g)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ before the period at the end. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—Amounts appropriated 
pursuant to this section for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 are subject to the re-quirements contained in Public Law 113–235 for funds for programs authorized under sec-tions 330 through 340 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–256). 
TITLE III—CHIP 
SEC. 301. 2-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE CHILDREN’S 
HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 2104(a) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (17), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (18)(B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(19) for fiscal year 2016, $19,300,000,000; and ‘‘(20) for fiscal year 2017, for purposes of 
making 2 semi-annual allotments— 
‘‘(A) $2,850,000,000 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2016, and ending on March 31, 2017; and 
‘‘(B) $2,850,000,000 for the period beginning 
on April 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2017.’’. 
(b) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2104(m) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(m)) is amended— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘T
HROUGH 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘ AND THERE -
AFTER ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
2014’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2016’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) F ISCAL YEAR 2013 AND EACH SUCCEEDING  
FISCAL YEAR .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and 
(7), from the amount made available under paragraphs (16) through (19) of subsection (a) for fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, respectively, the Secretary shall com-pute a State allotment for each State (in-cluding the District of Columbia and each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2064 March 26, 2015 
commonwealth and territory) for each such 
fiscal year as follows: 
‘‘(i) R EBASING IN FISCAL YEAR 2013 AND EACH  
SUCCEEDING ODD -NUMBERED FISCAL YEAR .—For 
fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding odd- numbered fiscal year (other than fiscal years 2015 and 2017), the allotment of the State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable to-ward) the total amount of allotments avail-able under this section to the State in the preceding fiscal year (including payments made to the State under subsection (n) for such preceding fiscal year as well as amounts redistributed to the State in such preceding fiscal year), multiplied by the allotment in-crease factor under paragraph (6) for such odd-numbered fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) G
ROWTH FACTOR UPDATE FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2014 AND EACH SUCCEEDING EVEN -NUM-
BERED FISCAL YEAR .—Except as provided in 
clauses (iii) and (iv), for fiscal year 2014 and each succeeding even-numbered fiscal year, the allotment of the State is equal to the sum of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of the State allotment 
under clause (i) for the preceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) the amount of any payments made to 
the State under subsection (n) for such pre-ceding fiscal year, 
multiplied by the allotment increase factor 
under paragraph (6) for such even-numbered fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2016 .—For fiscal 
year 2016, the allotment of the State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable toward) the total amount of allotments available under this section to the State in the pre-ceding fiscal year (including payments made to the State under subsection (n) for such preceding fiscal year as well as amounts re-distributed to the State in such preceding fiscal year), but determined as if the last two sentences of section 2105(b) were in effect in such preceding fiscal year and then multi-plying the result by the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6) for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(iv) R
EDUCTION IN 2018 .—For fiscal year 
2018, with respect to the allotment of the State for fiscal year 2017, any amounts of such allotment that remain available for ex-penditure by the State in fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced by one-third.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or 2017’’ 
after ‘‘2015’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘or 
fiscal year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2014, or fiscal year 2016’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
FISCAL YEAR 2015 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FISCAL  
YEARS 2015 AND 2017 ’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or fiscal year 2017’’ after 
‘‘2015’’; 
(F) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (8) as paragraphs (5) through (9), re-spectively; and 
(G) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) F
OR FISCAL YEAR 2017 .— 
‘‘(A) F IRST HALF .—Subject to paragraphs 
(5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (20) of subsection (a) for the semi-annual period de-scribed in such paragraph, increased by the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 301(b)(3) of the Medicare Ac-cess and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall compute a State allot-ment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semi-annual period in an 
amount equal to the first half ratio (de-scribed in subparagraph (D)) of the amount described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) S
ECOND HALF .—Subject to paragraphs 
(5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (20) of subsection (a) for the semi-annual period de-scribed in such paragraph, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semi-annual period in an amount equal to the amount made available under such subparagraph, multiplied by the ratio of— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the allotment to such 
State under subparagraph (A); to 
‘‘(ii) the total of the amount of all of the 
allotments made available under such sub-paragraph. 
‘‘(C) F
ULL YEAR AMOUNT BASED ON REBASED  
AMOUNT .—The amount described in this sub-
paragraph for a State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable towards) the total amount of allotments available under this section to the State in fiscal year 2016 (including pay-ments made to the State under subsection (n) for fiscal year 2016 as well as amounts re-distributed to the State in fiscal year 2016), multiplied by the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6) for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘(D) F
IRST HALF RATIO .—The first half 
ratio described in this subparagraph is the ratio of— 
‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount made available under sub-
section (a)(20)(A); and 
‘‘(II) the amount of the appropriation for 
such period under section 301(b)(3) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015; to 
‘‘(ii) the sum of the— ‘‘(I) amount described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) the amount made available under sub-
section (a)(20)(B).’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—— 
(A) Section 2104(c)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(m)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(m)(5)’’. 
(B) Section 2104(m) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
1397dd(m)), as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended— 
(ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ each place 
it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘the allotment increase 
factor determined under paragraph (5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the allotment increase factor determined under paragraph (6)’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
allotment increase factor under paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6)’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (6)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5) and (7)’’ each place it appears; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘the allotment increase 
factor under paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘the allotment increase factor under para-graph (6)’’; 
(v) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)(F)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (7) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)(F)), by striking ‘‘subject to paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (5)’’; and 
(vii) in paragraph (9), (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)(F)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3) or (4)’’. 
(C) Section 2104(n)(3)(B)(ii) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1397dd(n)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (m)(5)(B)’’ and inserting 
‘‘subsection (m)(6)(B)’’. 
(D) Section 2111(b)(2)(B)(i) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1397kk(b)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2104(m)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2104(m)(5)’’. 
(3) O
NE-TIME APPROPRIATION FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2017 .—There is appropriated to the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, $14,700,000,000 to accompany the allotment made for the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on March 31, 2017, under paragraph (20)(A) of section 2104(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)) (as added by subsection (a)(1)), to remain available until expended. Such amount shall be used to provide allotments to States under paragraph (4) of section 2104(m) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(m)) (as amended by paragraph (1)(G)) for the first 6 months of fis-cal year 2017 in the same manner as allot-ments are provided under subsection (a)(20)(A) of such section 2104 and subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the allotments provided from such sub-section (a)(20)(A). 
(c) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFYING STATES OP-
TION.—Section 2105(g)(4) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(g)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2017’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(d) E XTENSION OF THE CHILD ENROLLMENT  
CONTINGENCY FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2104(n) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(n)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘2010 through 2014’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2016’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and fiscal year 2017’’ 
after ‘‘2015’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘2010 through 2014’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2016’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and fiscal year 2017’’ 
after ‘‘2015’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2009, fiscal year 2010, fiscal year 2011, fiscal year 2012, fiscal year 2013, fiscal year 2014, or a semi-annual allotment period for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘any of fiscal years 2009 through 2014, fiscal year 2016, or a semi- annual allotment period for fiscal year 2015 or 2017’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF EXPRESS LANE ELIGI-
BILITY. 
Section 1902(e)(13)(I) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(13)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF OUTREACH AND EN-
ROLLMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 2113 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1397mm) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘and 
$40,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ after ‘‘2015’’. 
SEC. 304. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN PROGRAMS 
AND DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD OBESITY DEMONSTRATION  
PROJECT .—Section 1139A(e)(8) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(e)(8)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and $10,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ after ‘‘2014’’. 
(b) P
EDIATRIC QUALITY MEASURES PRO-
GRAM .—Section 1139A(i) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(i)) is amended in the first sentence by inserting before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘, and there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2065 March 26, 2015 
appropriated for the period of fiscal years 
2016 and 2017, $20,000,000 for the purpose of carrying out this section (other than sub-sections (e), (f), and (g))’’. 
SEC. 305. REPORT OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF 
HHS ON USE OF EXPRESS LANE OP-TION UNDER MEDICAID AND CHIP. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that— 
(1) provides data on the number of individ-
uals enrolled in the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (referred to in this section as ‘‘Medicaid’’) and the Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of such Act (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘CHIP’’) through the use of the Ex-press Lane option under section 1902(e)(13) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(13)); 
(2) assesses the extent to which individuals 
so enrolled meet the eligibility requirements under Medicaid or CHIP (as applicable); and 
(3) provides data on Federal and State ex-
penditures under Medicaid and CHIP for indi-viduals so enrolled and disaggregates such data between expenditures made for individ-uals who meet the eligibility requirements under Medicaid or CHIP (as applicable) and expenditures made for individuals who do not meet such requirements. TITLE IV—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Medicare Beneficiary Reforms 
SEC. 401. LIMITATION ON CERTAIN MEDIGAP 
POLICIES FOR NEWLY ELIGIBLE MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 1882 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395ss) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(z) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN MEDIGAP POLI-
CIES FOR NEWLY ELIGIBLE MEDICARE BENE-
FICIARIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, on or after January 1, 2020, a medicare supplemental policy that provides coverage of the part B deductible, including any such policy (or rider to such a policy) issued under a waiver granted under subsection (p)(6), may not be sold or issued to a newly eligible Medicare beneficiary. 
‘‘(2) N
EWLY ELIGIBLE MEDICARE BENEFICIARY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘newly eligible Medicare beneficiary’ means an individual who is neither of the following: 
‘‘(A) An individual who has attained age 65 
before January 1, 2020. 
‘‘(B) An individual who was entitled to 
benefits under part A pursuant to section 226(b) or 226A, or deemed to be eligible for benefits under section 226(a), before January 1, 2020. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF WAIVERED STATES .—In 
the case of a State described in subsection (p)(6), nothing in this section shall be con-strued as preventing the State from modi-fying its alternative simplification program 
under such subsection so as to eliminate the coverage of the part B deductible for any medical supplemental policy sold or issued under such program to a newly eligible Medi-care beneficiary on or after January 1, 2020. 
‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES TO CERTAIN  
POLICIES .—In the case of a newly eligible 
Medicare beneficiary, except as the Sec-retary may otherwise provide, any reference in this section to a medicare supplemental policy which has a benefit package classified as ‘C’ or ‘F’ shall be deemed, as of January 1, 2020, to be a reference to a medicare sup-plemental policy which has a benefit pack-age classified as ‘D’ or ‘G’, respectively. 
‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT .—The penalties de-
scribed in clause (ii) of subsection (d)(3)(A) shall apply with respect to a violation of paragraph (1) in the same manner as it ap-plies to a violation of clause (i) of such sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 402. INCOME-RELATED PREMIUM ADJUST-
MENT FOR PARTS B AND D. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1839(i)(3)(C)(i) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(3)(C)(i)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘I
N GENERAL .—’’ the 
following: 
‘‘(I) Subject to paragraphs (5) and (6), for 
years before 2018:’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) Subject to paragraph (5), for years be-
ginning with 2018: 
‘‘If the modified adjusted gross income is: The applicable 
percentage is:
More than $85,000 but not more than $107,000 ................................................................................... .................................... 35 percent
More than $107,000 but not more than $133,500 .................................................................................. ................................... 50 percent
More than $133,500 but not more than $160,000 .................................................................................. ................................... 65 percent
More than $160,000 ............................................................................................................. ................................................... 80 percent.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1839(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘(or, 
beginning with 2018, $85,000)’’ after ‘‘$80,000’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘ap-
plicable’’ before ‘‘table’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)(A)— (A) in the matter before clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘(other than 2018 and 2019)’’ after 
‘‘2007’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the 
case of a calendar year beginning with 2020, August 2018)’’ after ‘‘August 2006’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (6), in the matter before 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017’’. 
Subtitle B—Other Offsets 
SEC. 411. MEDICARE PAYMENT UPDATES FOR 
POST-ACUTE PROVIDERS. 
(a) SNF S.—Section 1888(e) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395yy(e))— 
(1) in paragraph (5)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘subject to 
clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘each subsequent fiscal year,’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 .— 
For fiscal year 2018 (or other similar annual period specified in clause (i)), the skilled nursing facility market basket percentage, after application of clause (ii), is equal to 1 percent.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (5)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (5)(B)’’ each place it appears. 
(b) IRF
S.—Section 1886(j) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(C)— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘After’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Subject to clause (iii), after’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) S PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 .— 
The increase factor to be applied under this subparagraph for fiscal year 2018, after the application of clause (ii), shall be 1 per-cent.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘paragraph (3)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graphs (C)(iii) and (D) of paragraph (3)’’. 
(c) HHA
S.—Section 1895(b)(3)(B) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the home health market basket percentage increase for 2018 shall be 1 per-cent.’’; and 
(2) in clause (vi)(I), by inserting ‘‘(except 
2018)’’ after ‘‘each subsequent year’’. 
(d) H
OSPICE .—Section 1814(i) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(i)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C)— (A) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking ‘‘clause 
(iv),,’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (iv) and (vi),’’; 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘clause (iv),’’ 
and inserting ‘‘clauses (iv) and (vi),’’; 
(C) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘After deter-
mining’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to clause (vi), after determining’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(vi) For fiscal year 2018, the market bas-
ket percentage increase under clause (ii)(VII) or (iii), as applicable, after application of clause (iv), shall be 1 percent.’’; and (2) in paragraph (5)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘paragraph (1)(C)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (iv) and (vi) of paragraph (1)(C)’’. 
(e) LTCH
S.—Section 1886(m)(3) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘In imple-menting’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subpara-graph (C), in implementing’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL SPECIAL RULE .—For fiscal 
year 2018, the annual update under subpara-graph (A) for the fiscal year, after applica-tion of clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), shall be 1 percent.’’. 
SEC. 412. DELAY OF REDUCTION TO MEDICAID 
DSH ALLOTMENTS. 
Section 1923(f) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017 through 
2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2025’’; 
(B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) A
GGREGATE REDUCTIONS .—The aggre-
gate reductions in DSH allotments for all States under clause (i)(I) shall be equal to— 
‘‘(I) $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(II) $3,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(III) $4,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(IV) $5,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(V) $6,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(VI) $7,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(VII) $8,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2024; and ‘‘(VIII) $8,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2025.’’; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2066 March 26, 2015 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(v) D ISTRIBUTION OF AGGREGATE REDUC -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall distribute the 
aggregate reductions under clause (ii) among States in accordance with subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘2024’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2025’’. 
SEC. 413. LEVY ON DELINQUENT PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 
6331(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘30 percent’’ and in-serting ‘‘100 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to payments made after 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 414. ADJUSTMENTS TO INPATIENT HOS-
PITAL PAYMENT RATES. 
Section 7(b) of the TMA, Abstinence Edu-
cation, and QI Programs Extension Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–90), as amended by sec-tion 631(b) of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240), is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘, 2009, or 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘or 2009’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) make an additional adjustment to 
the standardized amounts under such section 1886(d) of an increase of 0.5 percentage points for discharges occurring during each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023 and not make the ad-justment (estimated to be an increase of 3.2 percent) that would otherwise apply for dis-charges occurring during fiscal year 2018 by reason of the completion of the adjustments required under clause (ii).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall be construed’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘providing author-ity’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be construed as providing authority’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and each succeeding fis-
cal year through fiscal year 2023’’ after ‘‘2017’’; 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
make an additional prospective adjustment (estimated to be a decrease of 0.55 percent) to the standardized amounts under such section 1886(d) to offset the amount of the increase in aggregate payments related to docu-mentation and coding changes for discharges occurring during fiscal year 2010.’’. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Subtitle A—Protecting the Integrity of 
Medicare 
SEC. 501. PROHIBITION OF INCLUSION OF SOCIAL 
SECURITY ACCOUNT NUMBERS ON MEDICARE CARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 205(c)(2)(C) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(C)) is amended— 
(1) by moving clause (x), as added by sec-
tion 1414(a)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 6 ems to the left; 
(2) by redesignating clause (x), as added by 
section 2(a)(1) of the Social Security Number Protection Act of 2010, and clause (xi) as clauses (xi) and (xii), respectively; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(xiii) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, in consultation with the Commis-sioner of Social Security, shall establish 
cost-effective procedures to ensure that a Social Security account number (or deriva-tive thereof) is not displayed, coded, or em-bedded on the Medicare card issued to an in-dividual who is entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII or enrolled under part B of title XVIII and that any other identifier displayed on such card is not identifiable as a Social Security account number (or deriva-tive thereof).’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In implementing 
clause (xiii) of section 205(c)(2)(C) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(C)), as added by subsection (a)(3), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall do the fol-lowing: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Establish a cost-effective 
process that involves the least amount of disruption to, as well as necessary assistance for, Medicare beneficiaries and health care providers, such as a process that provides such beneficiaries with access to assistance through a toll-free telephone number and provides outreach to providers. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF MEDICARE BENE -
FICIARY IDENTIFIED .—Consider implementing 
a process, similar to the process involving Railroad Retirement Board beneficiaries, under which a Medicare beneficiary identi-fier which is not a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof) is used exter-nal to the Department of Health and Human Services and is convertible over to a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof) for use internal to such Department and the Social Security Administration. 
(c) F
UNDING FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—For 
purposes of implementing the provisions of and the amendments made by this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for the following transfers from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i) and from the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund es-tablished under section 1841 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t), in such proportions as the Sec-retary determines appropriate: 
(1) To the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Program Management Account, transfers of the following amounts: 
(A) For fiscal year 2015, $65,000,000, to be 
made available through fiscal year 2018. 
(B) For each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, 
$53,000,000, to be made available through fis-cal year 2018. 
(C) For fiscal year 2018, $48,000,000, to be 
made available until expended. 
(2) To the Social Security Administration 
Limitation on Administration Account, transfers of the following amounts: 
(A) For fiscal year 2015, $27,000,000, to be 
made available through fiscal year 2018. 
(B) For each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, 
$22,000,000, to be made available through fis-cal year 2018. 
(C) For fiscal year 2018, $27,000,000, to be 
made available until expended. 
(3) To the Railroad Retirement Board Lim-
itation on Administration Account, the fol-lowing amount: 
(A) For fiscal year 2015, $3,000,000, to be 
made available until expended. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Clause (xiii) of section 
205(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(C)), as added by subsection (a)(3), shall apply with respect to Medicare cards issued on and after an effective date specified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, but in no case shall such ef-fective date be later than the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) R
EISSUANCE .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide for the reissuance of Medicare cards that comply with the requirements of such clause not later than four years after the ef-
fective date specified by the Secretary under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 502. PREVENTING WRONGFUL MEDICARE 
PAYMENTS FOR ITEMS AND SERV-ICES FURNISHED TO INCARCER-ATED INDIVIDUALS, INDIVIDUALS NOT LAWFULLY PRESENT, AND DE-CEASED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR THE SECRETARY TO 
ESTABLISH POLICIES AND CLAIMS EDITS RE-
LATING TO INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS , INDI-
VIDUALS NOTLAWFULLY PRESENT , AND DE-
CEASED INDIVIDUALS .—Section 1874 of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENT FOR THE SECRETARY TO 
ESTABLISH POLICIES AND CLAIMS EDITS RE-
LATING TO INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS , INDI-
VIDUALS NOTLAWFULLY PRESENT , AND DE-
CEASED INDIVIDUALS .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and maintain procedures, including procedures for using claims processing edits, updating eligibility information to improve provider accessibility, and conducting recoupment activities such as through recov-ery audit contractors, in order to ensure that payment is not made under this title for items and services furnished to an individual who is one of the following: 
‘‘(1) An individual who is incarcerated. ‘‘(2) An individual who is not lawfully 
present in the United States and who is not eligible for coverage under this title. 
‘‘(3) A deceased individual.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and periodically thereafter as deter-mined necessary by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, such Office shall submit to Congress a report on the activities described in subsection (f) of section 1874 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk), as added by subsection (a), that have been conducted since such date of enactment. 
SEC. 503. CONSIDERATION OF MEASURES RE-
GARDING MEDICARE BENEFICIARY SMART CARDS. 
To the extent the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services determines that it is cost ef-fective and technologically viable to use electronic Medicare beneficiary and provider cards (such as cards that use smart card technology, including an embedded and se-cure integrated circuit chip), as presented in the Government Accountability Office report required by the conference report accom-panying the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), the Secretary shall consider such measures as determined appropriate by the Secretary to implement such use of such cards for beneficiary and provider use under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). In the case that the Secretary considers measures under the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, a report outlining the considerations undertaken by the Secretary under such sentence. 
SEC. 504. MODIFYING MEDICARE DURABLE MED-
ICAL EQUIPMENT FACE-TO-FACE EN-COUNTER DOCUMENTATION RE-QUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834(a)(11)(B)(ii) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(11)(B)(ii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the physician documenting 
that’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘has had a face-to-face en-
counter’’ and inserting ‘‘documenting such physician, physician assistant, practitioner, or specialist has had a face-to-face encoun-ter’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2067 March 26, 2015 
(b) I MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may implement the amendments made by subsection (a) by program instruction or otherwise. 
SEC. 505. REDUCING IMPROPER MEDICARE PAY-
MENTS. 
(a) M EDICARE ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTOR  
IMPROPER PAYMENT OUTREACH AND EDU-
CATION PROGRAM .—Section 1874A of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk–1) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(4)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (H); and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) I
MPROPER PAYMENT OUTREACH AND  
EDUCATION PROGRAM .—Having in place an im-
proper payment outreach and education pro-gram described in subsection (h).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) I
MPROPER PAYMENT OUTREACH AND  
EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to reduce im-
proper payments under this title, each medi-care administrative contractor shall estab-lish and have in place an improper payment outreach and education program under which the contractor, through outreach, edu-cation, training, and technical assistance or other activities, shall provide providers of services and suppliers located in the region covered by the contract under this section with the information described in paragraph (2). The activities described in the preceding sentence shall be conducted on a regular basis. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED THROUGH  
ACTIVITIES .—The information to be provided 
under such payment outreach and education program shall include information the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, which may include the following information: 
‘‘(A) A list of the providers’ or suppliers’ 
most frequent and expensive payment errors over the last quarter. 
‘‘(B) Specific instructions regarding how to 
correct or avoid such errors in the future. 
‘‘(C) A notice of new topics that have been 
approved by the Secretary for audits con-ducted by recovery audit contractors under section 1893(h). 
‘‘(D) Specific instructions to prevent fu-
ture issues related to such new audits. 
‘‘(E) Other information determined appro-
priate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—A medicare administrative 
contractor shall give priority to activities under such program that will reduce im-proper payments that are one or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Are for items and services that have 
the highest rate of improper payment. 
‘‘(B) Are for items and service that have 
the greatest total dollar amount of improper payments. 
‘‘(C) Are due to clear misapplication or 
misinterpretation of Medicare policies. 
‘‘(D) Are clearly due to common and inad-
vertent clerical or administrative errors. 
‘‘(E) Are due to other types of errors that 
the Secretary determines could be prevented through activities under the program. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION ON IMPROPER PAYMENTS  
FROM RECOVERY AUDIT CONTRACTORS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In order to assist medi-
care administrative contractors in carrying out improper payment outreach and edu-cation programs, the Secretary shall provide each contractor with a complete list of the types of improper payments identified by re-covery audit contractors under section 1893(h) with respect to providers of services and suppliers located in the region covered by the contract under this section. Such in-formation shall be provided on a time frame the Secretary determines appropriate which 
may be on a quarterly basis. 
‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The information de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall include in-formation such as the following: 
‘‘(i) Providers of services and suppliers 
that have the highest rate of improper pay-
ments. 
‘‘(ii) Providers of services and suppliers 
that have the greatest total dollar amounts of improper payments. 
‘‘(iii) Items and services furnished in the 
region that have the highest rates of im-proper payments. 
‘‘(iv) Items and services furnished in the 
region that are responsible for the greatest total dollar amount of improper payments. 
‘‘(v) Other information the Secretary de-
termines would assist the contractor in car-rying out the program. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMUNICATIONS .—Communications 
with providers of services and suppliers under an improper payment outreach and education program are subject to the stand-ards and requirements of subsection (g).’’. 
(b) U
SE OF CERTAIN FUNDS RECOVERED BY  
RAC S.—Section 1893(h) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or para-
graph (10)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(10) U SE OF CERTAIN RECOVERED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—After application of 
paragraph (1)(C), the Secretary shall retain a portion of the amounts recovered by recov-ery audit contractors for each year under this section which shall be available to the program management account of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for pur-poses of, subject to subparagraph (B), car-rying out sections 1833(z), 1834(l)(16), and 1874A(a)(4)(G), carrying out section 514(b) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, and implementing strategies (such as claims processing edits) to help re-duce the error rate of payments under this title. The amounts retained under the pre-ceding sentence shall not exceed an amount equal to 15 percent of the amounts recovered under this subsection, and shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Except for uses that sup-
port claims processing (including edits) or system functionality for detecting fraud, amounts retained under subparagraph (A) may not be used for technological-related in-frastructure, capital investments, or infor-mation systems. 
‘‘(C) N
O REDUCTION IN PAYMENTS TO RECOV -
ERY AUDIT CONTRACTORS .—Nothing in sub-
paragraph (A) shall reduce amounts avail-able for payments to recovery audit contrac-tors under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 506. IMPROVING SENIOR MEDICARE PATROL 
AND FRAUD REPORTING REWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall develop a plan to revise the incentive program under sec-tion 203(b) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–5(b)) to encourage greater par-ticipation by individuals to report fraud and abuse in the Medicare program. Such plan shall include recommendations for— 
(1) ways to enhance rewards for individuals 
reporting under the incentive program, in-cluding rewards based on information that leads to an administrative action; and 
(2) extending the incentive program to the 
Medicaid program. 
(b) P
UBLIC AWARENESS AND EDUCATION CAM-
PAIGN .—The plan developed under subsection 
(a) shall also include recommendations for the use of the Senior Medicare Patrols au-thorized under section 411 of the Older Amer-icans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032) to conduct a public awareness and education campaign to 
encourage participation in the revised incen-
tive program under subsection (a). 
(c) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the plan developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 507. REQUIRING VALID PRESCRIBER NA-
TIONAL PROVIDER IDENTIFIERS ON PHARMACY CLAIMS. 
Section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIRING VALID PRESCRIBER NATIONAL  
PROVIDER IDENTIFIERS ON PHARMACY CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For plan year 2016 and 
subsequent plan years, the Secretary shall require a claim for a covered part D drug for a part D eligible individual enrolled in a pre-scription drug plan under this part or an MA–PD plan under part C to include a pre-scriber National Provider Identifier that is determined to be valid under the procedures established under subparagraph (B)(i). 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(i) V ALIDITY OF PRESCRIBER NATIONAL PRO -
VIDER IDENTIFIERS .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with appropriate stakeholders, shall establish procedures for determining the validity of prescriber National Provider Identifiers under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) I
NFORMING BENEFICIARIES OF REASON  
FOR DENIAL .—The Secretary shall establish 
procedures to ensure that, in the case that a claim for a covered part D drug of an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (A) is de-nied because the claim does not meet the re-quirements of this paragraph, the individual is properly informed at the point of service of the reason for the denial. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 
2018, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report on the effective-ness of the procedures established under sub-paragraph (B)(i).’’. 
SEC. 508. OPTION TO RECEIVE MEDICARE SUM-
MARY NOTICE ELECTRONICALLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1806 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–7) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(c) F
ORMAT OF STATEMENTS FROM SEC-
RETARY .— 
‘‘(1) E LECTRONIC OPTION BEGINNING IN 2016 .— 
Subject to paragraph (2), for statements de-scribed in subsection (a) that are furnished for a period in 2016 or a subsequent year, in the case that an individual described in sub-section (a) elects, in accordance with such form, manner, and time specified by the Sec-retary, to receive such statement in an elec-tronic format, such statement shall be fur-nished to such individual for each period sub-sequent to such election in such a format and shall not be mailed to the individual. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REVOCATION OPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary may determine a max-imum number of elections described in para-graph (1) by an individual that may be re-voked by the individual. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM OF ONE REVOCATION OPTION .— 
In no case may the Secretary determine a maximum number under subparagraph (A) that is less than one. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that, in the most cost effective manner and beginning January 1, 2017, a clear notifi-cation of the option to elect to receive state-ments described in subsection (a) in an elec-tronic format is made available, such as through the notices distributed under sec-tion 1804, to individuals described in sub-section (a).’’. 
(b) E
NCOURAGED EXPANSION OF ELECTRONIC  
STATEMENTS .—To the extent to which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2068 March 26, 2015 
Secretary of Health and Human Services de-
termines appropriate, the Secretary shall— 
(1) apply an option similar to the option 
described in subsection (c)(1) of section 1806 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–7) (relating to the provision of the Medicare Summary Notice in an electronic format), as added by subsection (a), to other statements and notifications under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); and 
(2) provide such Medicare Summary Notice 
and any such other statements and notifica-tions on a more frequent basis than is other-wise required under such title. 
SEC. 509. RENEWAL OF MAC CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1874A(b)(1)(B) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk– 1(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to contracts en-tered into on or after, and to contracts in ef-fect as of, the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE TRANS -
PARENCY .—Section 1874A(b)(3)(A) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk–1(b)(3)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iv) C
ONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE TRANS -
PARENCY .—To the extent possible without 
compromising the process for entering into and renewing contracts with medicare ad-ministrative contractors under this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public the performance of each medicare ad-ministrative contractor with respect to such performance requirements and measurement standards.’’. 
SEC. 510. STUDY ON PATHWAY FOR INCENTIVES 
TO STATES FOR STATE PARTICIPA-TION IN MEDICAID DATA MATCH PROGRAM. 
Section 1893(g) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) I
NCENTIVES FOR STATES .—The Sec-
retary shall study and, as appropriate, may specify incentives for States to work with the Secretary for the purposes described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii). The application of the previous sentence may include use of the waiver authority described in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 511. GUIDANCE ON APPLICATION OF COM-
MON RULE TO CLINICAL DATA REG-ISTRIES. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a clarification or modification with respect to the application of subpart A of part 46 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, gov-erning the protection of human subjects in research (and commonly known as the ‘‘Common Rule’’), to activities, including quality improvement activities, involving clinical data registries, including entities that are qualified clinical data registries pursuant to section 1848(m)(3)(E) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(m)(3)(E)). 
SEC. 512. ELIMINATING CERTAIN CIVIL MONEY 
PENALTIES; GAINSHARING STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) E LIMINATING CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES  
FOR INDUCEMENTS TO PHYSICIANS TOLIMIT 
SERVICES THAT ARENOTMEDICALLY NEC-
ESSARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1128A(b)(1) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘medically nec-essary’’ after ‘‘reduce or limit’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) shall apply to pay-ments made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(b) G
AINSHARING STUDY AND REPORT .—Not 
later than 12 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services, in consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress a report with options for amending existing fraud and abuse laws in, and regula-tions related to, titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), through exceptions, safe harbors, or other narrowly targeted provisions, to permit gainsharing arrangements that otherwise would be subject to the civil money penalties described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1128A(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a(b)), or similar arrangements between physicians and hospitals, and that improve care while reducing waste and increasing efficiency. The report shall— 
(1) consider whether such provisions should 
apply to ownership interests, compensation arrangements, or other relationships; 
(2) describe how the recommendations ad-
dress accountability, transparency, and qual-ity, including how best to limit inducements to stint on care, discharge patients pre-maturely, or otherwise reduce or limit medi-cally necessary care; and 
(3) consider whether a portion of any sav-
ings generated by such arrangements (as compared to an historical benchmark or other metric specified by the Secretary to determine the impact of delivery and pay-ment system changes under such title XVIII on expenditures made under such title) should accrue to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 513. MODIFICATION OF MEDICARE HOME 
HEALTH SURETY BOND CONDITION OF PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENT. 
Section 1861(o)(7) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(o)(7)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(7) provides the Secretary with a surety 
bond— 
‘‘(A) in a form specified by the Secretary 
and in an amount that is not less than the minimum of $50,000; and 
‘‘(B) that the Secretary determines is com-
mensurate with the volume of payments to the home health agency; and’’. 
SEC. 514. OVERSIGHT OF MEDICARE COVERAGE 
OF MANUAL MANIPULATION OF THE SPINE TO CORRECT SUBLUXATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1833 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(z) M
EDICAL REVIEW OF SPINAL SUB-
LUXATION SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-
plement a process for the medical review (as described in paragraph (2)) of treatment by a chiropractor described in section 1861(r)(5) by means of manual manipulation of the spine to correct a subluxation (as described in such section) of an individual who is enrolled under this part and apply such process to such services furnished on or after January 1, 2017, focusing on services such as— 
‘‘(A) services furnished by a such a chiro-
practor whose pattern of billing is aberrant compared to peers; and 
‘‘(B) services furnished by such a chiro-
practor who, in a prior period, has a services denial percentage in the 85th percentile or greater, taking into consideration the extent that service denials are overturned on ap-peal. 
‘‘(2) M
EDICAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) P RIOR AUTHORIZATION MEDICAL RE -
VIEW.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
Secretary shall use prior authorization med-ical review for services described in para-graph (1) that are furnished to an individual by a chiropractor described in section 1861(r)(5) that are part of an episode of treat-ment that includes more than 12 services. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an 
episode of treatment shall be determined by the underlying cause that justifies the need for services, such as a diagnosis code. 
‘‘(ii) E
NDING APPLICATION OF PRIOR AUTHOR -
IZATION MEDICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary 
shall end the application of prior authoriza-tion medical review under clause (i) to serv-ices described in paragraph (1) by such a chi-ropractor if the Secretary determines that the chiropractor has a low denial rate under such prior authorization medical review. The Secretary may subsequently reapply prior authorization medical review to such chiro-practor if the Secretary determines it to be appropriate and the chiropractor has, in the time period subsequent to the determination by the Secretary of a low denial rate with re-spect to the chiropractor, furnished such services described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(iii) E
ARLY REQUEST FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZA -
TION REVIEW PERMITTED .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to prevent such a chiropractor from requesting prior authorization for services described in para-graph (1) that are to be furnished to an indi-vidual before the chiropractor furnishes the twelfth such service to such individual for an episode of treatment. 
‘‘(B) T
YPE OF REVIEW .—The Secretary may 
use pre-payment review or post-payment re-view of services described in section 1861(r)(5) that are not subject to prior authorization medical review under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LAW ENFORCEMENT  
ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary may determine 
that medical review under this subsection does not apply in the case where potential fraud may be involved. 
‘‘(3) N
O PAYMENT WITHOUT PRIOR AUTHORIZA -
TION.—With respect to a service described in 
paragraph (1) for which prior authorization medical review under this subsection applies, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(A) P
RIOR AUTHORIZATION DETERMINA -
TION.—The Secretary shall make a deter-
mination, prior to the service being fur-nished, of whether the service would or would not meet the applicable requirements of section 1862(a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(B) D
ENIAL OF PAYMENT .—Subject to para-
graph (5), no payment may be made under this part for the service unless the Secretary determines pursuant to subparagraph (A) that the service would meet the applicable requirements of such section 1862(a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—A chiro-
practor described in section 1861(r)(5) may submit the information necessary for med-ical review by fax, by mail, or by electronic means. The Secretary shall make available 
the electronic means described in the pre-ceding sentence as soon as practicable. 
‘‘(5) T
IMELINESS .—If the Secretary does not 
make a prior authorization determination under paragraph (3)(A) within 14 business days of the date of the receipt of medical documentation needed to make such deter-mination, paragraph (3)(B) shall not apply. 
‘‘(6) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION ON BENE -
FICIARY LIABILITY .—Where payment may not 
be made as a result of the application of paragraph (2)(B), section 1879 shall apply in the same manner as such section applies to a denial that is made by reason of section 1862(a)(1). 
‘‘(7) R
EVIEW BY CONTRACTORS .—The medical 
review described in paragraph (2) may be conducted by medicare administrative con-tractors pursuant to section 1874A(a)(4)(G) or by any other contractor determined appro-priate by the Secretary that is not a recov-ery audit contractor. 
‘‘(8) M
ULTIPLE SERVICES .—The Secretary 
shall, where practicable, apply the medical review under this subsection in a manner so as to allow an individual described in para-graph (1) to obtain, at a single time rather 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2069 March 26, 2015 
than on a service-by-service basis, an author-
ization in accordance with paragraph (3)(A) for multiple services. 
‘‘(9) C
ONSTRUCTION .—With respect to a 
service described in paragraph (1) that has been affirmed by medical review under this subsection, nothing in this subsection shall be construed to preclude the subsequent de-nial of a claim for such service that does not meet other applicable requirements under this Act. 
‘‘(10) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may im-
plement the provisions of this subsection by interim final rule with comment period. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 
44, United States Code, shall not apply to 
medical review under this subsection.’’. 
(b) I MPROVING DOCUMENTATION OF SERV-
ICES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services shall, in consultation with stakeholders (including the American Chiropractic Association) and representa-tives of medicare administrative contractors (as defined in section 1874A(a)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk– 1(a)(3)(A))), develop educational and training programs to improve the ability of chiro-practors to provide documentation to the Secretary of services described in section 1861(r)(5) in a manner that demonstrates that such services are, in accordance with section 1862(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(a)(1)), reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of illness or injury or to improve the functioning of a malformed body mem-ber. 
(2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall make the 
educational and training programs described in paragraph (1) publicly available not later than January 1, 2016. 
(3) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use 
funds made available under paragraph (10) of section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)), as added by section 505, to carry out this subsection. 
(c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the process for medical re-view of services furnished as part of a treat-ment by means of manual manipulation of the spine to correct a subluxation imple-mented under subsection (z) of section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l), as added by subsection (a). Such study shall in-clude an analysis of— 
(A) aggregate data on— (i) the number of individuals, chiroprac-
tors, and claims for services subject to such review; and 
(ii) the number of reviews conducted under 
such section; and 
(B) the outcomes of such reviews. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than four years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), includ-ing recommendations for such legislation and administrative action with respect to the process for medical review implemented under subsection (z) of section 1833 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 515. NATIONAL EXPANSION OF PRIOR AU-
THORIZATION MODEL FOR REPET-ITIVE SCHEDULED NON-EMERGENT AMBULANCE TRANSPORT. 
(a) I NITIAL EXPANSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In implementing the 
model described in paragraph (2) proposed to be tested under subsection (b) of section 1115A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall revise the testing under sub-section (b) of such section to cover, effective not later than January 1, 2016, States located 
in medicare administrative contractor (MAC) regions L and 11 (consisting of Dela-ware, the District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Vir-ginia). 
(2) M
ODEL DESCRIBED .—The model de-
scribed in this paragraph is the testing of a model of prior authorization for repetitive scheduled non-emergent ambulance trans-port proposed to be carried out in New Jer-sey, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina. 
(3) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall allocate 
funds made available under section 1115A(f)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(f)(1)(B)) to carry out this sub-section. 
(b) N
ATIONAL EXPANSION .—Section 1834(l) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) P
RIOR AUTHORIZATION FOR REPETITIVE  
SCHEDULED NON -EMERGENT AMBULANCE TRANS -
PORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning January 1, 
2017, if the expansion to all States of the model of prior authorization described in paragraph (2) of section 515(a) of the Medi-care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 meets the requirements described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1115A(c), then the Secretary shall expand such model to all States. 
‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use 
funds made available under section 1893(h)(10) to carry out this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING BUDGET NEU -
TRALITY .—Nothing in this paragraph may be 
construed to limit or modify the application of section 1115A(b)(3)(B) to models described in such section, including with respect to the model described in subparagraph (A) and ex-panded beginning on January 1, 2017, under such subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 516. REPEALING DUPLICATIVE MEDICARE 
SECONDARY PAYOR PROVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1862(b)(5) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(b)(5)) is amended by inserting at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) E
ND DATE .—The provisions of this 
paragraph shall not apply to information re-quired to be provided on or after July 1, 2016.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to information required to be provided on or after January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 517. PLAN FOR EXPANDING DATA IN AN-
NUAL CERT REPORT. 
Not later than June 30, 2015, the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives— 
(1) a plan for including, in the annual re-
port of the Comprehensive Error Rate Test-ing (CERT) program, data on services (or groupings of services) (other than medical visits) paid under the physician fee schedule under section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) where the fee schedule amount is in excess of $250 and where the error rate is in excess of 20 percent; and 
(2) to the extent practicable by such date, 
specific examples of services described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 518. REMOVING FUNDS FOR MEDICARE IM-
PROVEMENT FUND ADDED BY IM-PACT ACT OF 2014. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)), as amended by 
section 3(e)(3) of the IMPACT Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–185), is amended by striking ‘‘$195,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. SEC. 519. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Except as explicitly provided in this sub-
title, nothing in this subtitle, including the amendments made by this subtitle, shall be construed as preventing the use of notice and comment rulemaking in the implementation of the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this subtitle. 
Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
SEC. 521. EXTENSION OF TWO-MIDNIGHT PAMA 
RULES ON CERTAIN MEDICAL RE-VIEW ACTIVITIES. 
Section 111 of the Protecting Access to 
Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the first 
6 months of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through the end of fiscal year 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Except as provided in 
subsections (a) and (b), nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed as limiting the Sec-
retary’s authority to pursue fraud and abuse activities under such section 1893(h) or oth-erwise.’’. 
SEC. 522. REQUIRING BID SURETY BONDS AND 
STATE LICENSURE FOR ENTITIES SUBMITTING BIDS UNDER THE MEDICARE DMEPOS COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
(a) B IDSURETY BONDS .—Section 1847(a)(1) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(G) R
EQUIRING BID BONDS FOR BIDDING EN -
TITIES .—With respect to rounds of competi-
tions beginning under this subsection for contracts beginning not earlier than Janu-ary 1, 2017, and not later than January 1, 2019, an entity may not submit a bid for a competitive acquisition area unless, as of the deadline for bid submission, the entity has obtained (and provided the Secretary with proof of having obtained) a bid surety bond (in this paragraph referred to as a ‘bid bond’) in a form specified by the Secretary consistent with subparagraph (H) and in an amount that is not less than $50,000 and not more than $100,000 for each competitive ac-quisition area in which the entity submits the bid. 
‘‘(H) T
REATMENT OF BID BONDS SUBMITTED .— 
‘‘(i) F OR BIDDERS THAT SUBMIT BIDS AT OR  
BELOW THE MEDIAN AND ARE OFFERED BUT DO  
NOT ACCEPT THE CONTRACT .—In the case of a 
bidding entity that is offered a contract for any product category for a competitive ac-quisition area, if— 
‘‘(I) the entity’s composite bid for such 
product category and area was at or below the median composite bid rate for all bidding entities included in the calculation of the single payment amounts for such product category and area; and 
‘‘(II) the entity does not accept the con-
tract offered for such product category and area, 
the bid bond submitted by such entity for 
such area shall be forfeited by the entity and the Secretary shall collect on it. 
‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF OTHER BIDDERS .—In the 
case of a bidding entity for any product cat-egory for a competitive acquisition area, if the entity does not meet the bid forfeiture conditions in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) for any product category for such area, the bid bond submitted by such entity for such area shall be returned within 90 days of the public announcement of the contract suppliers for such area.’’. 
(b) S
TATE LICENSURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1847(b)(2)(A) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3(b)(2)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2070 March 26, 2015 
‘‘(v) The entity meets applicable State li-
censure requirements.’’. 
(2) C ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amend-
ment made by paragraph (1) shall be con-strued as affecting the authority of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to re-quire State licensure of an entity under the Medicare competitive acquisition program under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) before the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(c) GAO R
EPORT ON BIDBOND IMPACT ON  
SMALL SUPPLIERS .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study that evaluates the effect of the bid surety bond requirement under the amendment made by subsection (a) on the participation of small suppliers in the Medicare DMEPOS competi-tive acquisition program under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 3). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date contracts are first awarded subject to such bid surety bond requirement, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). Such report shall include rec-ommendations for changes in such require-ment in order to ensure robust participation by legitimate small suppliers in the Medi-care DMEPOS competition acquisition pro-gram. 
SEC. 523. PAYMENT FOR GLOBAL SURGICAL 
PACKAGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1848(c) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) G
LOBAL SURGICAL PACKAGES .— 
‘‘(A) P ROHIBITION OF IMPLEMENTATION OF  
RULE REGARDING GLOBAL SURGICAL PACK -
AGES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
implement the policy established in the final rule published on November 13, 2014 (79 Fed. 
Reg. 67548 et seq.), that requires the transi-tion of all 10-day and 90-day global surgery packages to 0-day global periods. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) 
shall be construed to prevent the Secretary from revaluing misvalued codes for specific surgical services or assigning values to new or revised codes for surgical services. 
‘‘(B) C
OLLECTION OF DATA ON SERVICES IN -
CLUDED IN GLOBAL SURGICAL PACKAGES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
Secretary shall through rulemaking develop and implement a process to gather, from a representative sample of physicians, begin-ning not later than January 1, 2017, informa-tion needed to value surgical services. Such information shall include the number and level of medical visits furnished during the global period and other items and services related to the surgery and furnished during the global period, as appropriate. Such infor-mation shall be reported on claims at the end of the global period or in another man-ner specified by the Secretary. For purposes of carrying out this paragraph (other than clause (iii)), the Secretary shall transfer from the Federal Supplemental Medical In-surance Trust Fund under section 1841 $2,000,000 to the Center for Medicare & Med-icaid Services Program Management Ac-count for fiscal year 2015. Amounts trans-ferred under the previous sentence shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(ii) R
EASSESSMENT AND POTENTIAL SUN -
SET.—Every 4 years, the Secretary shall re-
assess the value of the information collected pursuant to clause (i). Based on such a reas-sessment and by regulation, the Secretary may discontinue the requirement for collec-tion of information under such clause if the Secretary determines that the Secretary has adequate information from other sources, such as qualified clinical data registries, sur-
gical logs, billing systems or other practice or facility records, and electronic health records, in order to accurately value global surgical services under this section. 
‘‘(iii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT .—The In-
spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall audit a sample of the information reported under clause (i) to verify the accuracy of the information so re-ported. 
‘‘(C) I
MPROVING ACCURACY OF PRICING FOR  
SURGICAL SERVICES .—For years beginning 
with 2019, the Secretary shall use the infor-mation reported under subparagraph (B)(i) as appropriate and other available data for the purpose of improving the accuracy of valu-ation of surgical services under the physi-cian fee schedule under this section.’’. 
(b) I
NCENTIVE FOR REPORTING INFORMATION  
ONGLOBAL SURGICAL SERVICES .—Section 
1848(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(9) I
NFORMATION REPORTING ON SERVICES  
INCLUDED IN GLOBAL SURGICAL PACKAGES .— 
With respect to services for which a physi-cian is required to report information in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(8)(B)(i), the Secretary may through rulemaking delay payment of 5 percent of the amount that would otherwise be payable under the physi-cian fee schedule under this section for such services until the information so required is reported.’’. 
SEC. 524. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL 
SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) P AYMENTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 AND 
2015.— 
(1) P AYMENTS REQUIRED .—Section 101 of the 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
(2) P
ROMPT PAYMENT .—Payments for fiscal 
year 2014 under title I of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111 et seq.), as amend-ed by this section, shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) R
EDUCTION IN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PAYMENTS  
ON ACCOUNT OF PREVIOUS 25 - AND 50 -PERCENT  
PAYMENTS .—Section 101 of the Secure Rural 
Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2014 
PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE PAYMENT .—If an eligible county 
in a State that will receive a share of the State payment for fiscal year 2014 has al-ready received, or will receive, a share of the 25-percent payment for fiscal year 2014 dis-tributed to the State before the date of the enactment of this subsection, the amount of the State payment shall be reduced by the amount of that eligible county’s share of the 25-percent payment. 
‘‘(2) C
OUNTY PAYMENT .—If an eligible coun-
ty that will receive a county payment for fis-cal year 2014 has already received a 50-per-cent payment for that fiscal year, the amount of the county payment shall be re-duced by the amount of the 50-percent pay-ment.’’. 
(4) S
HARES OF CALIFORNIA STATE PAY -
MENT .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure Rural 
Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
(b) U
SE OF FISCAL YEAR2013 E LECTIONS AND  
RESERVATIONS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 AND 
2015.—Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by adding at the 
end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF LATE PAYMENT FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2014 AND 2015 .—The election otherwise 
required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal year 2014 or 2015.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the 
end the following new sentence: ‘‘If such two-fiscal year period included fiscal year 2013, the county election to receive a share of the 25-percent payment or 50-percent pay-ment, as applicable, also shall be effective for fiscal years 2014 and 2015.’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2013’’ 
the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘2015’’; and 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by adding at the end of paragraph (1) 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) E
FFECT OF LATE PAYMENT FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2014 .—The election made by an eligible 
county under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) for fiscal year 2013, or deemed to be made by the county under paragraph (3)(B) for that fiscal year, shall be effective for fiscal years 2014 and 2015.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end of paragraph (3) 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF LATE PAYMENT FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2014 .—This paragraph does not apply for 
fiscal years 2014 and 2015.’’. 
(c) S PECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— 
Title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 203(a)(1) (16 U.S.C. 7123(a)(1)), 
by striking ‘‘September 30 for fiscal year 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary con-cerned determines is practicable), and each September 30 thereafter for each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary con-cerned for the fiscal year)’’; 
(2) in section 204(e)(3)(B)(iii) (16 U.S.C. 
7124(e)(3)(B)(iii)), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2010 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2010 and fiscal years thereafter’’; 
(3) in section 207(a) (16 U.S.C. 7127(a)), by 
striking ‘‘September 30, 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned deter-mines is practicable), and each September 30 thereafter for each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; and 
(4) in section 208 (16 U.S.C. 7128)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2014’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(d) C
OUNTY FUNDS .—Section 304 of the Se-
cure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2014’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 402 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7152) is amended by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2013’’. 
SEC. 525. EXCLUSION FROM PAYGO SCORECARDS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAY-AS-YOU-GOSCORE -
CARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The 
budgetary effects of this Act shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.012 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2071 March 26, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. P
ITTS), the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ), the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B RADY ), and the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 2. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
b1015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, sponsored by Congressman B
URGESS of 
Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2, the bill I just referenced. Four years ago, upon taking leadership of the En-ergy and Commerce Health Sub-committee, I made it one of my goals to end the patchwork of doc fixes and repeal the sustainable growth rate. 
Now, we are here on the floor of the 
House with a bipartisan policy and a bipartisan set of pay-fors. There are many who thought that this day would never come. 
We are replacing the SGR, once and 
for all, with a system that allows greater freedom for physicians to prac-tice medicine. We do this without threatening access to health care for seniors. Instead of unrealistic price controls, we are instituting a coopera-tive process to make our healthcare dollars go farther. 
We are also replacing a portion of the 
projected savings with real entitlement reforms, reforms that could reduce spending by $295 billion in the coming decades. 
Let’s not make the mistake of saying 
that this is saving Medicare. The bill makes important reforms that put the program on a better path, but there is much work to do before we achieve that goal. 
Future generations of Americans 
have understandable doubts about whether Medicare will be there when they retire. They pay into the program just as my generation did, but the cur-rent system of funding the program will not deliver on that promise for them. The extraordinary progress rep-resented by the bill before us today is the result of a vision for the future and years of hard work. That vision was wholeheartedly sup-
ported by Speaker B
OEHNER , and there 
are many more to thank: Chairman U
PTON , for his persistence in leader-
ship; current Ranking Member P AL-
LONE and former Ranking Member 
Waxman for working with us to get a policy we could all agree on; also Dr. B
URGESS , the primary sponsor of to-
day’s bill and the vice chairman of the Health Subcommittee in the two past Congresses. 
I would especially like to thank the 
dedicated staff that spent countless hours and sacrificed weekends to make this happen: Dr. John O’Shea, Robert Horne, Josh Trent, Clay Alspach, Michelle Rosenberg, Heidi Stirrup, and Monica Volente, on my personal staff. 
Finally, we should see this bill as a 
first step toward strengthening and saving Medicare. This can’t be the end of the road. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
For more than 10 years, Congress has 
had to temporarily fix the flawed sus-tainable growth rate, SGR, nearly 20 times since it was enacted. Well, today is the last time I will have to talk about the broken SGR. The House has come together to fix it once and for all. 
This bill is the result of a lot of hard 
work by the House Energy and Com-merce Committee, Ways and Means and Senate Finance Committees and our leadership. Many of our Members have made important contributions to this bill, and I want to thank them all for being so diligent. 
This bill not only repeals the SGR, it 
replaces it with a reformed system that pays providers based on quality and value. It rewards health outcomes. It allows providers to give more focus to their patients, and most importantly, it provides stability and predictability to the Medicare Program for years to come. This is good for doctors, and it is good for seniors. 
This bill also extends critical funding 
for programs that improve the health and welfare of millions of children, families, and seniors. It makes perma-nent the qualified individual program which helps low-income seniors pay their Medicare part B premiums. 
It makes permanent the Transitional 
Medical Assistance program, which al-lows low-income families to maintain their Medicaid coverage for up to 1 year as they transition from welfare to work. 
It includes $8 billion in funding for 
community health centers, the Na-tional Health Service Corps, and teach-ing health centers. This funding will help serve 28 million patients, and all three, together, strengthen access to primary and preventative health care in communities throughout America. 
The bill includes a fully funded 2- 
year extension of CHIP, maintaining all of the improvements in the Afford-
able Care Act, but this is not just a 2- year extension; it is a robust extension. It keeps the promise made to States by maintaining the 23 percent bump in Federal matching rates and ensures that States, in turn, keep their prom-ise to CHIP kids by leaving mainte-nance of effort requirements for child enrollment through 2019 untouched. 
This bill is not perfect. I wish my Re-
publican colleagues would have agreed to fund CHIP for 4 years. I also remain concerned about the provisions that af-fect Medicare beneficiaries, but such is the nature of compromise. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work 
of my committee and of both of our leaderships. This agreement took cour-age from both sides, but what we have accomplished is truly significant. It is balanced and a thoughtful product, and I urge Members to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), 
an outstanding member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a good advocate on health issues. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, the Medi-
care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act represents years of bipartisan ef-fort to eliminate the fatally flawed sustainable growth rate formula and implement new payment and delivery models that will promote higher-qual-ity care while reducing costs. 
In addition to stabilizing the Medi-
care Program for our Nation’s seniors, the bill addresses the healthcare needs 
of children and low-income Americans, while promoting the long-term sustain-ability of the Medicare Program through significant structural reforms to the Medicare Program. 
There is no question, Medicare must 
be modernized in order to avoid the program’s projected financial short-falls. Republicans and Democrats have worked together to advance a blueprint to begin to place Medicare programs on a sound financial footing for both to-day’s and future retirees. 
Now is the time to end this failed 
policy once and for all and protect ac-cess to care for seniors. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), the ranking member 
of our House Subcommittee. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding to me, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue and many oth-ers in our committee. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2, the Medi-
care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. As an original cosponsor of this landmark legislation, I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
H.R. 2 will reform the flawed Medi-
care physician payment system that will reward quality and value over vol-ume, make reforms to slow the growth of healthcare costs, and extend other critical programs, including the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.015 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2072 March 26, 2015 
the funding for community health cen-
ters. 
Since 2003, Congress has intervened 
17 times to prevent steep payment cuts caused by the flawed SGR formula in order to preserve seniors’ access to care. 
Repealing the SGR is the responsible 
choice, both fiscally and logically. More money has now been spent on short-term patches than the full cost of the permanent repealing of the SGR. 
We are closer than we have ever come 
to repealing the flawed SGR formula and enacting meaningful reform that will strengthen the Medicare system for generations to come. 
I want to highlight the additional 2 
years of funding for the community health centers program included in the package. These dedicated mandatory funds will avert an impending fiscal cliff set to take place in September. Without this extension, funding for health centers would be slashed by 70 percent, and 7.4 million patients would lose access to care. 
Also included in the agreement are 
funding for the National Health Serv-ice Corps and the teaching health cen-ter program. Both programs further the goals of improving and strength-ening access to primary and preventa-tive care in our communities. 
Like any good bipartisan com-
promise, the legislation strikes a bal-ance and offers a set of viable solutions that should have broad bipartisan sup-port. 
I want to thank Speaker B
OEHNER , 
Leader P ELOSI , and my colleagues on 
the Energy and Commerce Committee and Ways and Means Committee for their leadership in working across the aisle to craft this commonsense, land-mark legislation. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a 
member of the Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, today is 
a great day for America’s seniors. After years of flawed Medicare policy, we are finally creating a stable system that ensures Medicare patients will have ac-cess to their doctors. 
This new policy will move our Medi-
care system to one that is based on quality of care that is provided to our Nation’s seniors. In fact, for the first time in decades, we actually achieve real structural reforms in the program that will help save this critical pro-gram for future seniors. 
I would also like to highlight that 
this legislation repeals CMS’ policy to eliminate bundled surgical payments. Eliminating surgical payment bundles would force doctors to spend more time billing CMS that could be used for car-ing for patients. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
P
ITTS, and I would also like to con-
gratulate Speaker B OEHNER , Minority 
Leader P ELOSI , Chairman U PTON , and 
Ranking Member P ALLONE for putting 
politics aside and putting America’s seniors first. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I am proud to be here today to sup-
port real bipartisan compromise to fi-nally repeal and replace this flawed SGR formula. 
I would like to give my congratula-
tions to Congressman B
URGESS and, 
frankly, former Congresswoman Allyson Schwartz also worked very hard for many years to make this thing a reality. 
This long-term solution is going to 
bring stability to Medicare, so seniors will actually be able to continue to see their doctors. Meanwhile, the bill also allows physicians to focus on value and quality of care rather than quantity of care and extends, of course, the vital CHIP program aiding so many children in this country. 
Now, though I would prefer to see 
this bill completely paid for, like many others in this Chamber, I recognize the nature of compromise means you don’t get everything you want, whether you are a House Member or a Senate Mem-ber. 
I am glad, however, that it has been 
pointed out that at least part of the cost of this bill is covered by imple-menting crucial reforms to Medicare that will help improve its solvency for future generations, certainly compared to our current policy. 
I congratulate my colleagues on the 
both sides of the aisle for coming to-gether on this agreement. It is long overdue and will greatly improve our system. I hope we vote for this bill. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ), the vice chair of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank Chairman P ITTS for the 
work that he has done on this, as well as the other members of our com-mittee. 
I do rise today in support of H.R. 2. I think every one of us have constitu-
ents who are Medicare enrollees who tell us the stories and the stress that comes with not being able to see a doc-tor because they are no longer taking Medicare patients. 
What this does is go to the heart of 
the problem, the SGR, the sustainable growth rate. It was a big part of the problem—the sword of Damocles, if you will—because doctors never knew if they were going to get paid or what they were going to get paid or if it was going to be a double-digit or a single- digit cut. Let’s get that off the table and provide some certainty. 
H.R. 2 is finally going to eliminate 
the flawed SGR. It will be replaced with commonsense legislation which will provide healthcare providers with the predictability that is necessary to meet the needs of Medicare enrollees. 
In addition, H.R. 2 takes an impor-
tant step to rein in healthcare spend-ing, incentivizing doctors on quality, 
as opposed to quantity, getting at part of the problem of our entitlement pro-grams. 
I congratulate all involved. I encour-
age a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
b1030 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 2. 
I have always believed that our phy-
sician workforce deserves to be fairly compensated. The flawed SGR formula has failed to do this for over a decade, and it isn’t right that physicians have faced looming Medicare cuts year after year. Therefore, I am pleased that House Democrats and Republicans have come together to craft a fair, bipar-tisan compromise to this longstanding and expensive problem. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
want us to end gridlock. They want us to meet in the middle, and we are doing that today. I want to commend Speak-er B
OEHNER and Leader P ELOSI . And 
while I would have liked to have seen a 4-year extension of CHIP funding and I am upset that unnecessary Hyde lan-guage has been attached to much-need-ed community health center funding, overall, this is a good agreement. 
Medicare beneficiaries, their physi-
cians, children, and our entire health care system will benefit from seeing CHIP and health center funding ex-tended, SGR repealed, and quality- based physician reimbursement incentivized. 
So I urge my colleagues both here in 
the House and in the Senate to support this compromise legislation, the Medi-care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), the 
chairman of the Doctors Caucus, who should be recognized for his tireless ef-forts to build support for this bill. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in strong support of H.R. 2, which will permanently repeal the flawed SGR formula and replace it with meaningful reform that will ensure seniors’ access to Medicare. 
This agreement is one of the most 
important things we have accom-plished since I have been in Congress, and I couldn’t be prouder of the work done by the House Energy and Com-merce and Ways and Means Commit-tees, along with the GOP Doctors Cau-cus. 
I want to give a special thank-you to 
Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER and Leader 
NANCY PELOSI , without whose leader-
ship this agreement would never have happened. 
This bill will ensure Medicare recipi-
ents have access to quality care and helps pave the way for entitlement re-form by making important structural changes to the program. That is an im-portant point. People over the years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.018 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2073 March 26, 2015 
have referred to this as the ‘‘doc fix,’’ 
but it really should be called the ‘‘sen-ior fix.’’ The cuts required by SGR were so severe that, had they been al-lowed to go into effect, seniors’ access to a Medicare physician almost as-suredly would have been curtailed. 
After 12 years, 17 patches, and $170 
billion spent to keep a flawed formula from doing lasting damage to Medi-care, we are finally acting in a respon-sible manner, in a way that should give the American people renewed con-fidence in Congress’ ability to act on important matters. 
I thank all involved. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our Democratic 
leader, and I thank her for what she ac-complished here today working with the Speaker. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I thank Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. L EVIN, 
our ranking members on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Ways and Means Committee, for their leadership and cooperation on this issue, as well as Chairman R
YANof the 
Ways and Means Committee and Chair-man U
PTON of the Energy and Com-
merce Committee. 
This is a day that we really have to 
salute our staff. They have worked so hard. It was my honor to work with Speaker B
OEHNER on this important 
issue to do what we came here to do— to legislate. We are the legislative branch. We are legislating. We are working together to get the job done for the American people. 
From Speaker B
OEHNER ’s staff, I es-
pecially want to thank Charlotte Ivancic, who was extremely knowledge-able about health policy and was smart and fair about all of this. Wendell Pri-mus of my staff was a strong voice for the concerns of seniors and children and the rest in those discussions. 
Ed Grossman and his team at House 
Legislative Counsel—for all the ideas that Members churned up, Legislative Counsel had to translate that into what the possibility was for legislative language. They worked 24/7, weekends included. 
Megan O’Reilly, Bridget Taylor, and 
the technical teams at CMS and HHS worked 24/7 for many days. 
Holly Harvey and Tom Bradley and 
the team at the Congressional Budget Office, having to score every change of idea that we may have had. 
Again, the staff both at the Ways and 
Means Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee on both sides of the aisle, I take the time to recognize them because in recognizing them, I really want to recognize the work that is done by staff on all that we do here. 
All of these individuals, again, have 
been working 18-hour days for the past few weeks, and we thank them for their tireless hard work. 
This package includes many impor-
tant victories for low-income seniors, children, and families. There are many reasons to support this bill, four of 
which I would like to point out: 
We are strengthening the quality of 
care for many older Americans with additional funding for initiatives that help low-income seniors pay their Medicare part B premiums. 
We have added almost $750 million 
for training more urgently needed nurses and physicians. 
We have secured the health care of 
poor children with a 2-year extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram at the same rates set by the Af-fordable Care Act. Many people wanted more, as did I. That does not diminish the importance of the 2-year extension. 
Lastly, we have secured critical fund-
ing for community health centers over the next 2 years, expanding a vital in-vestment in underserved communities. 
I am proud to rise in support of this 
historic, bipartisan package. It rep-resents bold, necessary progress for our country. And it is not just about ena-bling our seniors to see their doctors, which was the original purpose of the bill. It is about how we can increase performance and lower cost; it is about value, not volume of service; it is about quality, not quantity of procedures; and this legislation is transformative in how it rewards the value, not the volume. So I am proud to support it. 
At long last, we will replace the bro-
ken SGR formula and transition Medi-care away from a volume-based system toward one that rewards values, en-sures the accuracy of payments, and improves the quality of care. 
With this legislation, we give Amer-
ica’s seniors confidence that they will be able to see the doctors they need and the doctors they like, liberating them and their families from the shad-ow of needless, annual crises. 
And as a woman, during Women’s 
History Month, I am very proud of what the legislation means to women and their health issues. 
So for these and other reasons, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
It was my privilege to work with the 
Speaker in a bipartisan way on this legislation. I hope it will be a model of things to come. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I join in 
thanking the minority leader for her role in achieving this bipartisan com-promise. It is really historic. I think it is appropriate that this is happening on her birthday, and I join my colleagues in wishing her a happy birthday today. 
Mr. Speaker, could I inquire of the 
time remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has 8 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), another member of the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to support H.R. 2, to repeal and replace the SGR. 
This bill will replace the SGR with 
the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System, or MIPS. MIPS means physi-
cians are practicing better medicine to keep their patients healthier. Healthier people utilize less health care, which means a lower cost to the taxpayer. 
Nearly 150,000 seniors live in my dis-
trict. This bill gives them certainty that their doctor will see them. It pro-vides seniors with better care. 
H.R. 2 includes a 2-year extension for 
community health centers funding, which is very important to my con-stituents. This bill is pro-senior, pro- doctor, and pro-patient. 
This is a historic moment, nearly 20 
years in the making. We have a chance to make a huge difference for seniors. The benefits of repealing the SGR are clear. Support this bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman from New Jersey for yield-ing the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
important, bipartisan, landmark bill. 
Our parents and grandparents who 
rely on Medicare and the doctors that take care of them can breathe easier today because of this bill. Medicare will be stronger, and it will be more ef-ficient. We are going to put ‘‘modern’’ into modern medicine by transitioning the Medicare health system into one that focuses on quality rather than quantity. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Chairman U
PTON and Ranking 
Member P ALLONE , Mr. P ITTS and Mr. 
GREEN , and Speaker B OEHNER and Mi-
nority Leader P ELOSI for also adding 
into this important package new assur-
ance for children across America, for our community health centers. The State Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram now gets a very significant boost, along with our health centers that take care of so many of our neighbors. 
Thanks again to the professional 
staff, to the great public servants in the Obama administration. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this impor-
tant, landmark bill. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield at this time 1 minute to the gentlelady from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), another valued mem-
ber of the Health Subcommittee. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to extend my thanks to all of the members who have worked so hard, both on the Energy and Commerce Committee, but my Democratic colleagues across the aisle, those who we are working with in the Senate. 
I just want to say to the American 
people, don’t look now, but we are ac-tually governing. And this is what the American people want to see. 
I have a speech here to read, but I am 
actually going to go offline and tell you from my heart what this means for our seniors. 
This is about certainty. This is about 
governing. This is about giving solu-tions to a problem. Yes, it comes with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.019 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2074 March 26, 2015 
a price tag. But when we continuously 
look at things from a one-dimensional perspective on something so important as health care—it is so multidimen-sional—we can’t stop ourselves from moving forward. 
Imagine a year from now where we 
will be when we are not trying to come up with another billion-dollar bandaid to continue the SGR failed formula, when we can actually be looking for-ward for solutions in health care, con-tinuing our work on 21st century cures, and showing our seniors and every American family in this country how important it is in the work that we are doing. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ). 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AL-
LONE ). 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good day for 
medical providers and for our seniors. This is also a good day for the House of Representatives. This is bipartisanship at its best. 
With the passage of H.R. 2, seniors 
will no longer have to worry about los-ing their physicians. Providers will have the certainty to continue to serve their Medicare patients. 
But this bill, Mr. Speaker, is about 
more than fixing Medicare. It also in-cludes a 2-year extension of the CHIP program, which is children’s health in-surance, and funding for community health centers that is set to expire this fall. Both programs are vital to the low-income vulnerable and rural com-munities that I represent in North Carolina. 
The CHIP program covers more than 
8 million children across the country, including many in my State. It helps provide health coverage to children who are not eligible for Medicaid but cannot afford other insurance. 
The community health center pro-
gram funds 1,300 health centers across the country. Without this extension, the program would expire, and care for 7.4 million patients would be jeopard-ized. 
Supporting this bill is about pro-
viding access to care for the most vul-nerable Americans. I urge my col-leagues in the House and the Senate to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am very 
pleased at this time to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. B
OEH-
NER), our Speaker, who deserves a lot 
of credit in coming up with this bipar-tisan compromise. 
Mr. BOEHNER. I thank my colleague 
from Pennsylvania for yielding. 
Let me say a big thank you to Chair-
man U
PTON , Chairman R YAN, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. L EVIN, and their staffs for all 
of the work that has gone into this product. Also, I want to thank Wendell Primus with Leader P
ELOSI ’s staff; 
Charlene MacDonald with Mr. H OYER ’s 
staff; and, of course, Charlotte Ivancic on my team, all who have worked to-gether to create this product that we have today. Thanks to their hard work 
and the work of this House, we expect to end the so-called doc fix once and for all. 
Many of you know that we have 
patched this problem 17 times over the last 11 years, and I decided about a year ago that I had had enough of it. In its place, we will deliver for the Amer-ican people the first real entitlement reform in nearly two decades. I think this is good news for America’s seniors, who will benefit from a more stable and reliable system for seeing their doctor. 
b1045 
It is good news for hard-working fam-
ilies who will benefit from a stronger Medicare program to help care for their elderly parents. It is good news for the taxpayers who, according to the CBO and a number of other fiscal ex-perts, will save money now and well into the future. That means it is espe-cially good news for our kids and grandkids, because today it is about a problem much bigger than any doc fix or any deadline. It is about beginning the process of solving our spending problem, and it is about strengthening and saving Medicare, which is at the heart of that problem. 
Normally, we would be here to admit 
that we are just going to kick the can down the road one more time. But today, because of what we are doing here, we are going to save money 20, 30, and 40 years down the road. Not only that, we are strengthening Medicare’s ability to fight fraud, waste, and abuse. 
As was mentioned earlier, this bill 
also extends the Children’s Health In-surance Program for another 2 years and extends the authorization for com-munity health centers for another 2 years. 
My colleagues, this is what we can 
accomplish when we are focused on finding common ground. But we can’t become complacent. We know more se-rious entitlement reform is needed. It shouldn’t take another two decades to do it, and, frankly, I don’t think we have got that much time. But I am here today to urge all of our Members to begin that process, and the process begins by voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2 today. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Col-orado (Ms. D
EGETTE ). 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to support H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. 
As this legislation was under nego-
tiation, several of our colleagues tried to add unnecessary language that would have expanded the Hyde amend-ment to embed this harmful policy into the Affordable Care Act and the Public Health Services Act. Thanks to the commitment of leaders for women’s health care rights, we secured impor-tant changes to this language. Current appropriation policies concerning the use of funds at community health cen-ters will not change, and when the funding in this bill for community health centers, the National Health 
Service Corps, and teaching health cen-ters expires, so will the funding restric-tions. Also, this language is free-standing, and it does not amend the Af-fordable Care Act or the Public Health Services Act. 
Let me be clear. I oppose the Hyde 
amendment. It is backwards policy be-cause it denies full reproductive cov-erage to poor women who need it the most of everybody in this society; but this bill does not restrict their access any further than current law, and the Pro-Choice Caucus will continue to fight for health parity in this country for all women. 
In the meantime, we have a bill here 
that has real advances in finally fixing the physician reimbursement, extend-ing the important Children’s Health program, extending the special diabe-tes fund that helps so many Americans, and gives $7 billion to extend the im-portant community health centers for the next 2 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work 
we did in a bipartisan way. I want to thank the majority, and I want to thank my colleagues on my side of the aisle for working together and only showing, as the Speaker just said, what we can do when we really do the job that Congress is supposed to do. I urge support of this legislation. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the 
prime sponsor of the legislation, who deserves a great deal of credit for where we are today. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the chairman of the Sub-committee on Health on Energy and Commerce. Mr. Speaker, I omitted one of the people that should have been thanked earlier in my remarks from the House Legislative Counsel, Michelle Vanek, who worked so hard on the language that is before us today. 
Mr. Speaker, a year ago I came to 
this floor, we had a similar vote, and I talked about how important it was to send a positive message, because last year it was the key that would get us through the door. Well, guess what, Mr. Speaker. This year, not only will the key get us through the door; we are going to knock the darned door down. 
We do need a strong vote today. We 
saw it evidenced on the rule. I urge all of my colleagues to get behind this leg-islation. It may not have been every-thing you want, it may not have been what you would have done if you had done it by yourself, but this is a col-laborative body. This is the work of a collaborative body. Now we need to send it over to the world’s greatest de-liberative body. Let them deliberate for only a short period of time because of the thunderous approval that has come from the people’s House. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to end the 
SGR. Let us never speak of this issue again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.020 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2075 March 26, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), our Democratic 
whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as an 
aside, I was inclined to get up and ask that the gentleman’s words be taken down. Of course, when we do that, we do it in a different context. With those words, we ought to all be happy today. Whether we are for or against, the Con-gress is working today as the American people would have the Congress work. 
Speaker B
OEHNER , Leader P ELOSI , our 
extraordinary staffs on both sides of the aisle, and Members have come to-gether and dealt with some difficult issues. As the gentleman, Dr. B
URGESS  
indicated—and I have worked with him on SCHIP for a very, very long period of time as I recall—we are making progress. We are not where we all want to be, but we are making progress. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill and thank the Democratic leader as well as Speaker B
OEHNER , Ranking 
Members P ALLONE and L EVIN, and the 
chairman of the committee, Mr. P ITTS, 
and others for getting us to where we are today. 
This bill will permanently replace 
the broken Medicare sustainable growth rate formula that, frankly, I have been working to get rid of for al-most a decade, if not longer, which has created uncertainty and instability in the Medicare program for over a dec-ade. I am pleased that the parties were able to come together and craft a bi-partisan bill that will ensure seniors’ access to their doctors and incentivize high-quality, high-value care. 
I am also glad that this bill includes 
a robust reauthorization of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, which has been a bi-partisan success story. This is an issue, Mr. Speaker, I worked hard on when I was majority leader, and I am glad that we are moving forward today in a bipartisan way that recognizes how im-portant the CHIP program is for chil-dren and for families. 
Another major component of this bi-
partisan compromise is the $7.2 billion in funding for community health cen-ters. These centers serve some of our most needy citizens. These centers, in my home State of Maryland and throughout our country, provide essen-tial health services for millions of un-derserved families. That is good for all of us. 
This, of course, as I said, is not a per-
fect bill. No compromise is ever perfect from everybody’s perspective. There are some parts I and other Democrats would have liked to see improved, just as there are some parts my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would change, but this compromise will pro-vide much-needed relief and certainty to seniors, children, and families. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to support this effort. It will be a good day for the Congress of the United States, and it will be a good day for America. I thank all of those whose leadership—Members and staff—who 
got us to this point for the work that they have done. 
Mr PITT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself my 30 seconds remaining. 
I want to recognize one person in par-
ticular, Ira Burney, a career civil serv-ant who, for more than 30 years, has worked tirelessly on Medicare issues at CMS. There is not one Medicare bill in this time that he has not been a part of. His hard work and technical knowl-edge have been instrumental in sup-porting our work here in Congress. 
So I want to thank Ira and all those 
on both sides of the aisle who worked so hard to make this day possible. This is an important and incredibly signifi-cant bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distin-
guished majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman, and I yield to my friend on the other side of the aisle, Mr. H
OYER . 
Mr. HOYER. I thank my friend, who 
has a magic minute that I dearly miss. I forgot to articulate, and I should have articulated, I want to congratu-late F
REDUPTON . 
FRED UPTON is my friend. F RED 
UPTON is the chairman of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee. F RED 
UPTON is one of those Members in this 
House who represents this institution so well because he is committed to working in a bipartisan fashion. We find ourselves sometimes not able to do that. But I want to say thank you to Mr. U
PTON from Michigan for his lead-
ership and his commitment to making sure this institution works as the American people want it to work. 
I thank my friend, the majority lead-
er, for yielding. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for his words, and I hope all that are watching today see that this is a pattern of what works in-side Washington. 
In Washington, Mr. Speaker, there is 
a common cycle: you have a problem, you kick the can down the road; you hit a cliff, then you rush to a short- term fix that doesn’t actually fix the problem; then the cycle starts all over again. 
This isn’t a good way to govern. With 
this cycle, problems usually get worse, and a lot of times the short-term fixes get packed with add-ons that increase the size of government and cost people more and more. We have seen this with this doc fix again and again, 17 times over the last decade. Every single year I have served in this body, less than a decade, that has been the solution, to kick the can down the road. But today the House will vote on a bipartisan bill to end the cliff for good, stop the cycle, and, most importantly, provide sta-bility to the Medicare program for the seniors and their doctors. Mr. Speaker, this is a big moment for 
Congress, and I think we should all re-alize it. The bill before us today will, once and for all, repeal and replace the flawed Medicare physician payment system. It will move us away from vol-ume-based care to care based on qual-ity, value, and accountability. 
Everyone knows that we need to re-
form programs like Medicare to save it for the future, but for so long, nothing has been done in this House—that is until today. Today marks the first step of what I hope will be many more to save our safety nets from collapse and to ensure it for a future generation. These reforms are permanent, they are bipartisan, and they lay the foundation for a Medicare that lasts. 
We wouldn’t be here to make all 
these big reforms without a lot of hard work. 
First, I want to thank the Doctors 
Caucus. There are many times I was in a meeting with frustration wanting to find a solution, and the first place to find a solution is policy. They spent their time together to find that policy. Then it was: How are we going to pay for it and how are we going to move forward? That is where the leadership of chairmen come through in F
RED 
UPTON and P AULRYAN. They not only 
helped build with the Doctors Caucus, they led their own committees. 
Today, when this vote is taking 
place, it is going to be different from others. People aren’t going to sit and watch the sides to wonder whether it gets there and how close does it pass? People are going to watch how big the overall vote is going to be. 
After this vote today, we will go back 
to our districts. We will go back to our districts, hopefully in a different thought and a different time, that yes, we can solve a problem; yes, we can pick a problem that has lasted over a decade, that every Congress before it has kicked it down the road, but no, we found common ground. We found the ability to come together to solve some-thing that many believed we could not. 
We hope the Senate will see the same 
value. Today is a good day, but today should not be the last day. We should look for the other problems—and there are many—and ways that we can solve them permanently like we will do today. 
b1100 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am very 
pleased at this time to yield such time as he may consume to close to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the 
chair of the Energy and Commerce, a master of bipartisan compromise who deserves a great deal of credit for being here today. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, it couldn’t 
be bipartisan if we didn’t have good people on both sides of the aisle to get things done. I appreciate all the leader-ship on this side and this side to really get this to a finish point today. 
Today, we do come together, we real-
ly do—Republicans and Democrats—to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.021 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2076 March 26, 2015 
finally, finally fix Medicare’s broken 
payment system, protect seniors’ ac-cess to care, and, yes, strengthen Medi-care and extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
For way too long, the so-called SGR 
has been an axe over Medicare physi-cians and the seniors that they care for. It has sparked crisis after crisis for nearly 20 years, forcing this Congress to pass some 17 temporary measures to undo its faulty math and protect sen-iors’ access to their trusted doctors. Those 17 patches also served as a ready-made vehicle for bigger govern-ment. Today, we put a stop to that gravy train, leave the SGR in the past, and begin to put Medicare on the right track. 
This bill is good for seniors and for 
doctors who treat them. We repeal the flawed SGR formula and replace it with a bipartisan, bicameral agreement on a new system that promotes innovation and higher quality care. It removes the hassle and worry that so many seniors and physicians face from the cycle of repeated patches. 
We also take steps to strengthen 
Medicare for current and future seniors with structural reforms, which will not only provide cost savings today, but the CBO has confirmed those savings will grow over time. And the budget that we passed last night fully ac-counts for the cost of those permanent reforms. 
This package also extends benefits 
for millions of low-income families and children by extending the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 2 years. This program provides high-quality, af-fordable coverage for roughly 8 million children and pregnant women and has been an example of sound bipartisan success. 
I want to thank the bill’s sponsor, 
Dr. B
URGESS , for his leadership on this 
issue from day one. He came to Con-gress to solve this problem and, today, we have a bill with his name on it to do just that. 
I also commend the great sub-
committee chair, J
OEPITTS. Four 
years ago, we embarked together on this effort to end the SGR, and that hard work has brought us to this point. 
I want to thank the full committee 
and the Health Subcommittee ranking members, Mr. P
ALLONE , my good 
friend, and Mr. G REEN , for working, 
again, across the aisle from day one. We wouldn’t be standing here together if we hadn’t started together. 
Also, a big thanks to the folks at the 
House Legislative Counsel, CBO, and the committee staff: Clay Alspach, Robert Horne, Josh Trent, Paul Edattel, and Noelle Clemente. 
Finally, I want to thank my friends 
on the Ways and Means Committee and our leadership on both sides, from J
OHN 
BOEHNER and K EVIN MCCARTHY to 
NANCY PELOSI and S TENY HOYER . We 
are, together, getting this done. 
This is a long time coming. Most of 
us came to Congress to fight for our Nation’s kids, seniors, and their fami-lies. Today’s vote is a defining moment 
for this Congress and for Medicare. Those who vote ‘‘no’’ are not only vot-ing against seniors but against the fu-ture of the critical safety net. That is why we all need to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise on behalf of Chairman P
AUL 
RYAN, chairman of the Ways and Means 
Committee, in support of H.R. 2, a bill led by Dr. M
ICHAEL BURGESS , and I am 
joined by many of our colleagues, both here in the House and throughout the country. 
This bill is critical because of this 
problem. Imagine you are a senior. You desperately need to see a doctor, but you learn that there are no local doc-tors who can treat you because they simply can’t afford to treat Medicare patients. Or they have been throughout the years faced each year with a 10, 20, 30 percent cut in their reimbursements and, as the sole practitioner or as a small business, have rethought their relationship with Medicare and are no longer, frankly, able to do that. That scenario has been played out across this country for far too long. If there is any group in America who needs to see doctors they know and who know them, it is our seniors. 
This bill takes the first real perma-
nent step to ensuring our seniors can see local doctors when they need to see them, and it takes the first real step in saving Medicare not just for these sen-iors, not just for the next generation, but for generations to come. 
I commend the work that has been 
done by the leaders of the Ways and Means Committee; Chairman R
YAN; 
Chairman F RED UPTON of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee; our physi-cians caucus, led by Dr. P
HILROEand 
Dr. J OHNFLEMING ; as well as those in 
this Chamber who have come together to make this historic step today. 
So this is about helping our seniors. 
This is about taking those first reforms permanently to save Medicare. And it really is about ending a formula and a reimbursement that simply works against our seniors. 
The flawed—they call it the ‘‘sustain-
able growth rate,’’ it dictates huge cuts to our physicians through Medicare. Congress had to intervene 17 times in recent years to stave off these cuts with short-term fixes. This flawed for-mula regularly threatens access to care for seniors and really distracts Con-gress from making real reforms that are needed. 
The bipartisan agreement that we 
face today would repeal that SGR once and for all and replace it with a value- based system that provides certainty to our seniors and, really, finally reim-burses doctors not on the number of procedures but on the quality they pro-vide, and determined not by Wash-
ington but by our local physicians and practitioners themselves. 
This reform alone, if that was the 
only thing this did, is significant. It be-gins to move its way from that flawed fee-for-service system. And it does in a way. The sole practitioner in rural Pennsylvania, as well as a doctor in a major institution in downtown Hous-ton, can both practice to their highest capability and continue to practice until they decide to retire, not until Medicare or some flawed formula en-courages them to retire early. 
In addition, this bill has two impor-
tant reforms, and I think critical re-forms, to strengthen the Medicare Pro-gram and offset the costs of this meas-ure. Similar reforms have been in-cluded in the House Republican budget for years. This is a bipartisan effort to work together with absolute dedication to make sure Medicare is around for our seniors. 
First, it restricts first dollar cov-
erage in Medigap plans. These are bi-partisan recommendations experts be-lieve will help reduce unnecessary costs and really strengthen programs over the years. 
Second, the agreement includes in-
creased means testing for premiums in Medicare parts B and D, our doctors, and our medicines, with the wealthiest seniors paying higher premiums. And then there are savings from a broad range of other healthcare providers. 
I want to make clear, this bipartisan 
reform alone will not save Medicare, but it takes us in the right direction for the very important first step, and the savings from this will grow over the long term. 
The alternative we refuse to pass is 
yet another cycle of short-term fixes, leaving behind bipartisan structural re-forms to Medicare and delaying the op-portunity to actually save this pro-gram for our seniors. 
So, today, we end the SGR, we begin 
the important reform, and we stand up for seniors who need to see doctors. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Well, this is, indeed, a rare event. It 
was an event really waiting to happen because, a year ago, our committee, Ways and Means, chaired by Dave Camp, alongside the Energy and Com-merce and Senate Finance Commit-tees, reached a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to move the physician reim-bursement system to one based more on quality, not quantity. This helped pave the way for the package in front of us today, negotiated with the key help of the Speaker and our Leader. 
The SGR has been hanging over our 
heads for more than a decade. We have paid close to $170 billion in short-term patches. With each patch, it becomes harder to find offsets, putting seniors in our healthcare system increasingly at risk. This is being done—and I em-phasize that—while maintaining the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.023 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2077 March 26, 2015 
basic structure of Medicare. Talk oth-
erwise is mistaken. 
Our approach to paying for this re-
form is a reasonable one. We are paying for additional benefits, but not to dig out of the hole created by the flawed budget formula. 
This package includes a number of 
improvements across the healthcare landscape. It fully funds a 2-year exten-sion of CHIP at the increased level of funding that we included in the Afford-able Care Act. It permanently extends the qualifying individual program that pays Medicare premiums for low-in-come seniors. It permanently extends the transitional Medicare Medical As-sistance Program, which helps Med-icaid beneficiaries transitioning back to work to keep their insurance. It se-cures $7.2 billion in funding for commu-nity health centers, ensuring that 7 million Americans who depend on these establishments for care can get it. And it makes progress in fighting fraud and abuse in Medicare. 
What I would like to do—it will take 
a little more time—is to thank the staff. We don’t do that enough. So I want to thank Wendell Primus, Charlene MacDonald, Clay Alspach, and Matt Hoffmann. And, of course, the Ways and Means Committee health staff, particularly Amy Hall and Erin Richardson. 
And we need to thank the excellent 
drafters from the House Legislative Counsel Office, led by Ed Grossman, who I think is here today, along with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Office of Legislation, particu-larly Ira Burney, who is known for his deep knowledge of Medicare and who helped put the package together in a technically sound manner. And the CBO health team led by Tom Bradley, who worked expeditiously to meet our timetable. 
And I want to close my remarks by 
paying tribute to a Member who is not with us today, who worked for years on these issues, John Dingell of Michigan, for the years he put in protecting and strengthening Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP, including trying to fix SGR. 
We are fixing SGR today, and we are 
strengthening Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP. This is a day where there was common ground, and today we stand on it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a successful 
small business person who has provided health care to his more than 100 em-ployees for years, a key leader of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
We rise today. Really, this is not so 
much a doc fix as a senior fix. And while our lives are usually defined by wins and losses, I would think that really in our lives we remember the losses far more than we remember the wins. And the reason I say that is, I have been there for the birth of my four children, and I have celebrated the 
birth of our 10 grandchildren. Those are great moments. But I have also sat by the bedside of my mother, my sister, and my father as they lay dying and were transitioning. 
b1115 
Those losses are things that you can 
never truly regain. Those are the times when, if you just had 1 minute left with those folks, wouldn’t you love to have that? Wouldn’t you love to be there with them to give them peace of mind? This bill gives them peace of mind, Mr. Speaker. That is what this bill does. This is a senior fix. 
I will tell you, when I have watched 
people as they have passed—both friends and family—what they have wanted at their bedsides at that time is to have their faith with them so that they know they are surrounded by their God, so that they know that where they are going is best, and so that they know that somehow their fu-tures are going to be okay. 
They also want the comfort of know-
ing that their families are there with them, helping them to get through the toughest parts of their lives, when they are at their most vulnerable, whenever they need the most help. 
Lastly, they want their doctors. They 
want to know that that person who has guided them through the last several months and through their lives—the person they have always gone to for their health care—is going to be there and is not going to be taken away be-cause of some government program that didn’t work. 
I would say, as we sit in America’s 
House, whether we are Republicans or Democrats—and our gallery is filled with people—we are people who are representing people and the best inter-ests of people. 
This piece of legislation today is 
truly a senior fix, but it is a fix for the most vulnerable. I can think of nothing that we could do that is more impor-tant than giving peace of mind to those who have given so much to us as fami-lies, as States, and as a country. This is a brilliant piece of legislation. 
While it may not satisfy all, it serves 
the needs of so many. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), who is the 
ranking member on the Health Sub-committee. 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, 
today is, in a sense, an historic event. We are finally putting to rest a prob-lem that has festered around here for as long as I have been here. 
Every year, as the deadline ap-
proached, providers faced draconian cuts, and Congress passed an eleventh hour patch that delayed the implemen-tation of SGR. Doctors, patients, Con-gress—nobody—liked it. Nevertheless, 17 times, we have made temporary fixes. We have spent $174 billion in in-
adequate ways in dealing with the real problem that SGR was all about, which is cost control. 
This is a first step today. We can cel-
ebrate, but we have to go on because cost control is still a question, and we have replaced SGR with a system that we hope will make Medicare pay for value rather than for volume. That is not an issue that is for sure. We know that we are trying it. 
I thought of Franklin Delano Roo-
sevelt, who once said: 
I will try something. If it doesn’t work, I 
will stop it and try something else. 
That is really where we are today, 
looking at the future of cost control in health care. 
The most important thing today, 
though, is that we have gotten back to regular order. The Republicans put this in 16 years ago. Some of us voted ‘‘no’’ because we knew it wouldn’t work, but we had all of our 17 years. Now, we come together to fix it together, and we have to fix things together in this House. Compromise is the essence of what we have here. 
For my friends on the other side, just 
so you understand, I have already had a phone call from a group in Wash-ington State who told me they are going to take me off the board if I vote for this. 
It isn’t as though this is a nice thing 
for one side or the other side. It is a compromise, where some people get what they want and where some people don’t get what they want. Some people think it is not enough, and some think it is too much. 
That is the essence of compromise, 
and that is how the Congress has to work. It is what is going to have to work with the ACA, the Affordable Care Act. It is going to have to work on transportation. It is going to have to work on a whole series of issues if we, as a Congress, are going to function on behalf of the American people. 
This is a great day. This ought to be 
a unanimous vote today. When you look at all of the things that are in it and at all of the things we have dealt with, it ought to be unanimous. My view is that, when you reach a com-promise, that is the kind of thing you can expect because nobody in this House ever gets all he wants. Nobody has the right to say: it is my way or the highway. 
When we do that, we damage the 
American people. We have been dam-aging the healthcare system with these patches, spending all of that money, and not getting what we want. We hope this is the start of a better day for cost control in health care. Everyone should vote for this. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN), who is a champion in health care 
and whose district has a large number of seniors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.024 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2078 March 26, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of the Medi-care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This is the product of several years of 
sustained bipartisan work, and, today, we can finish the job. This is a criti-cally important piece of legislation for seniors because it is going to strength-en and preserve the Medicare Program, and it is going to put an end to the pe-rennial drills that threaten seniors’ ac-cess to high-quality care, the care that they deserve. 
H.R. 2 is a result of bipartisan com-
promise. I am sure my friends on both sides of the aisle can agree, as my good friend from Oregon identified, that it isn’t perfect, but I am pleased that they will also extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Just like our seniors, we need to make sure that our kids have access to high- quality, affordable care. We also con-tinue to support community health centers, which provide quality care for those of lesser means. 
Since 2002, Congress has passed 17 
patches to avert the SGR’s draconian cuts. These patches avoid crisis, but they don’t do anything to preserve or improve the Medicare Program for cur-rent and future seniors, so I am de-lighted that, together, we can finally forge a lasting solution. 
This isn’t just good for seniors’ care 
and for our healthcare workforce; it is a sign that partisan differences in Washington can be bridged to address our biggest challenges. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I hope the Senate will send it to the President and get it signed quickly. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time is there, please, on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), a distinguished member of 
our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy, as I appreciate his leadership on this. 
Mr. Speaker, I have sat on the floor 
for the entire debate—of both the Com-merce and Ways and Means Commit-tees—and it is really exciting. I was one of those people who didn’t vote for the balanced budget agreement back in the day, but I have been frustrated by this as much as anybody. I had legisla-tion that would just simply reset the baseline, but, actually, this is better. 
It is better because we have had 
Ways and Means, Commerce, and Fi-nance Committees come together for several years and develop a reform that will strengthen opportunities for better payment. It is better because we have seen the minority leader and the Speaker of the House come together to empower the committees to do their job. 
I was struck by the words of Majority 
Leader McCarthy when he said this was a good day, and he thinks that this will 
not be the last such day. I sincerely hope that that is the case, that it sig-nals opportunities for us all to go for-ward. 
I like the fact that we have added 
things in here like the SCHIP. We have even gotten Secure Rural Schools, funding extended which makes a big difference for people in the West, espe-cially Oregon. 
I am hopeful that we can step for-
ward. We have got another cliff that is facing us in 2 months: the transpor-tation cliff. People are talking about 17 SGR fixes here when we have had 23 short term extensions for the transpor-tation system. 
I would hope that we could take the 
same spirit of cooperation and biparti-sanship and listen to people in the out-side world—organized labor, the AFL– CIO, the U.S. chamber, contractors, local government, environmentalists— who are all speaking with one voice: Congress, get your act together; give us funding to be able to fund the trans-portation bill for the first time in years and rebuild and renew America, to put people to work—and to show the same sort of bipartisan cooperation that I find really invigorating today. 
I hope the next thing we do is have 
the Ways and Means Committee, the committee of jurisdiction, step forward to solve the transportation problem. It is even easier than the SGR. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. 
BLACK ), who has spent more than 40 
years in health care as a nurse and as a small-business owner. 
She is a member of the Doctors Cau-
cus here and is a key leader in health care on the Ways and Means Com-mittee. 
Mrs. BLACK. I thank my colleague, 
who is someone who has worked tire-lessly on this issue and who is a leader on our healthcare committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reau-thorization Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan legislation offers a 
permanent solution to strengthen the Medicare Program that our Nation’s seniors and their doctors rely on. It would repeal the flawed SGR formula that dictates draconian cuts to Medi-care reimbursements, and it would do so in a fiscally responsible way that would provide important offset savings. 
Since 2003, Congress has spent $170 
billion on short-term fixes that has staved off these cuts without making the real reforms that are needed, and this cycle has done nothing to address the real problems of our entitlement spending. 
I have been a nurse for more than 40 
years, as has been said, and I know that you can’t put a bandaid on a prob-lem that needs to be corrected by sur-gery. The problems impacted and af-fected by these looming cuts were my patients and my colleagues. 
I urge this body to end the SGR crisis 
once and for all. Adopt these structural reforms, and help us move forward to-
gether to strengthen Medicare for to-day’s seniors and tomorrow’s retirees. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a very vocal 
member of our committee. 
Mr. PASCRELL. I have got to say 
this to Chairman B RADY and to our 
leader, Mr. L EVIN: you guys did a great 
job in keeping us together, and I think the words that I will take away are what Dr. B
URGESS said about this being 
a collaborative effort. 
Mr. Speaker, if someone came down 
from Mars today into this Chamber, he would be shocked by the camaraderie. This is great. This is a good feeling. You have got to admit it is a good feel-ing. I know it is before Palm Sunday, but I have got a good feeling today, on Thursday. 
This effort, I think, establishes a 
very good precedent for revitalizing the integrity of this Congress, of this insti-tution. We here, Mr. B
RADY and Mr. 
LEVIN, got out of our echo chambers. 
We love to hear ourselves. You know that. It is part of the DNA of being a 
Congressperson. 
We got out of those echo chambers, 
and we actually listened to each other. That is shocking. If we can rise above our own attempts to be ideologues, we can accomplish a hell of a lot here for the people of the United States. They deserve no less. 
The repeal and the replacement of 
SGR ends the constant looming of deep payment cuts to Medicare physicians, which, as we have heard, jeopardizes the participation in the program and jeopardizes seniors’ access to their doc-tors. As a result of this law, our Medi-care payment system will finally be rooted in the quality of services pro-vided as opposed to the quantity, re-sults rather than fee for service. 
I must say, Mr. Speaker, that I urge 
my colleagues to vote for this legisla-tion. It is good for America. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), a 
new Member of Congress who is pas-sionate about health care, reforming Medicare, and helping seniors. 
b1130 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, and I would like to thank the Committee on Ways and Means and Committee on En-ergy and Commerce for taking bold leadership on such a critical issue. 
Sustainable growth rate is a budget 
cap on physician services passed into law in 1997 to control spending. Unfor-tunately, the SGR formula is fun-damentally broken. Since 2003, Con-gress has spent nearly $150 billion in 17 separate short-term patches to prevent significant Medicare reimbursement rate cuts. This uncertainty is detri-mental to providing our seniors and our doctors with the confidence that they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.025 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2079 March 26, 2015 
This bill before us today repeals the 
outdated SGR formula and replaces it with a new permanent system that re-wards quality and value and guaran-tees stability to Medicare beneficiaries and the physicians providing their treatment. 
Most of all, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank our leaders for allowing us to have this special moment. Today, the American people have the Congress that they deserve, a Congress that is focused on advancing an agenda that can make the American people proud. Let us continue walking down this path together. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. 
DAVIS), another active member of our 
committee. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, it takes a lot of time, energy, effort, hard work, and study to become a physician. I think they ought to be adequately compensated for the serv-ices they provide, especially when they serve the most needy health population in our country—our senior citizens. 
We call this the doctor fix, but it is 
really not about the doctor fix. It is about fixing health care. It is about CHIP. It is about community health centers that serve more than 23 million low- and moderate-income citizens each and every year. It is about the Na-tional Health Service Corps training physicians. It is about the home vis-iting program. 
I represent a district that has 24 hos-
pitals, four outstanding medical schools, and so we train and educate many doctors, nurses, and other health personnel. 
This is not just a good day for the 
doctors; it is a good day for health care, and it is a good day for America. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2, the Medicare Access 
and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 is a bill that determines how doctors get adequate pay for providing medical services to Medicare re-cipients. For the past 12 years, the Medicare sustainable growth rate (SGR) formula has im-peded stability in the Medicare program for providers and beneficiaries. Seventeen times Congress have done short term fixes, known as patches, that range from 3 to 12 months. Physicians should and deserve equitable reim-bursement and not a lower reimbursement rate for the services they provide to our sen-iors. This is one of the leading reasons why physicians are leaving their practice or not ac-cepting Medicare patients. We should repeal SGR and establish a legislative long-term fix that offers payment stability for our doctors. H.R. 2 will do just that and allow doctors to develop long-term strategic planning for their practice and time to invest in electronic health information technology and other medical sys-tems to improve access and quality care for their patients. 
Now is the time to capitalize on the lower 
offset now projected for the permanent repeal of the SGR formula otherwise failure to do so may cause problems for many providers to see Medicare patients. Ten thousand new en-
rollees enter Medicare each day. Access to physicians will suffer for the Medicare popu-lation as the gap between payments and prac-tice costs continue to grow. H.R. 2 fully fund the Children’s Health Insur-
ance Program (CHIP) for two years. CHIP is a partnership between the federal government and the States to provide healthcare coverage for over eight million children. Also, this legis-lation extends funding for two years to Com-munity Health Centers to avoid draconian cuts to their services and operations in their com-munities. Community health centers play a critical role in the delivery of care to our most financially and medically vulnerable popu-lations, and thus play an instrumental role in efforts to achieve health equity. Health centers serve one in seven Medicaid beneficiaries, one in seven uninsured, and one in three indi-viduals living below poverty. African Ameri-cans, Asians/Hawaiians/Pacific Islanders, American Indians/Alaskan Natives, and per-sons with multi-racial and ethnic backgrounds account for 36 percent of all health center pa-tients. Approximately 34 percent of health cen-ter patients are Hispanic/Latino, and health centers serve one in four racial and ethnic mi-norities living in poverty. 
Community health centers are a local solu-
tion to the delivery of primary care—which is precisely how care works best—and services that are tailored to meet local needs, specific to each community. Health centers save the health care system money by keeping patients out of costlier health care settings, coordi-nating care amongst providers of different health disciplines, and effectively managing chronic conditions. Recent independent re-search shows that health centers currently save the health care system $24 billion annu-ally in reduced emergency, hospital, and spe-cialty care costs, including an estimated $6 bil-lion annually in combined state and federal Medicaid savings. Despite serving traditionally at-risk populations, community health centers meet or exceed national practice standards for chronic condition treatment and ensure that their patients receive more recommended screening and health promotion services than patients of other providers. Health centers also have a substantial and positive economic im-pact on their communities. In 2009 alone, health centers across the country generated $20 billion in total economic benefit and pro-duced 189,158 jobs in the nation’s most eco-nomically challenged neighborhoods. 
H.R. 2 includes the MIECHV home visiting 
program, which I worked in a bipartisan and bicameral way in Congress to establish a na-tional program that serves approximately 115,000 parents and children. Under this leg-islation this program will be extended to im-prove child health, child development, and readiness to learn. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of H.R. 2 
and encourage all my colleagues to vote for this bill. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
I include in the R
ECORD a list of over 
100 healthcare organizations through-out America—and growing—who sup-port the passage of this legislation today. I would like to point out that these represent physicians and healthcare providers who truly want to treat our seniors, to see them when they need to see them, but can’t today because of the way Medicare pays them. 
So we start with a fresh start, and I 
enter into the R
ECORD this list. Alliance for Academic Internal Medicine 
(AAIM); AMDA The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immu-nology (AAAAI); American Academy of Der-matology Association; American Academy of Family Physicians; American Academy of Neurology (AAN); American Academy of Ophthalmology; American Academy of Pedi-atrics; American Action Forum; American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD); American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE); American Associa-tion of Neurological Surgeons/Congress of Neurological Surgeons; American Associa-tion of Nurse Anesthetists; American Asso-ciation of Nurse Practitioners (AANP); American Association of Orthopedic Sur-geons; American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology (ACAAI); American College of Cardiology (ACC); American College of Chest Physicians (CHEST); American Col-lege of Physicians (ACP); American College of Radiology. 
American College of Rheumatology (ACR); 
American College of Surgeons; American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; American Gastroenterological Association (AGA); American Geriatrics Society (AGS); American Health Care Association; Amer-
ican Hospital Association; American Medical Association; American Medical Society for Sports Medicine (AMSSM); American Osteo-pathic Association (AOA); American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (ASBMT); American Society for Gastro-intestinal Endoscopy (ASGE); American So-ciety for Radiation. Oncology (ASTRO); American Society of Clinical Oncology; American Society of Hematology (ASH); American Society of Nephrology (ASN); American Thoracic Society (ATS); Ameri-cans for Tax Reform; Association of Depart-ments of Family Medicine; Association of Family Medicine Residency Directors. 
Aurora Health Care; Billings Clinic; Bipar-
tisan Policy Center; California Medical Asso-ciation; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); College of American Pathologists; Digestive Health Physicians Association; En-docrine Society (ES); Essentia Health; Fed-eration of American Hospitals; Grace Marie Turner for the Galen Institute; Greater New York Hospital Association; Gundersen Health System; HealthCare Association of New York State; Healthcare Leadership Council; Healthcare Quality Coalition; HealthPartners; HealthSouth; Hospital Sis-ters Health System; Infectious Diseases So-ciety of America (IDSA). 
Iowa Medical Society; Let Freedom Ring; 
Louisiana Rural Health Association; LUGPA; March of Dimes; Marshfield Clinic Health System; Mayo Clinic; McFarland Clinic PC; Medical Group Management Asso-ciation; Mercy Health; Military Officers As-sociation of America (MOAA); Minnesota Hospital Association; Minnesota Medical As-sociation; National Association of Commu-nity Health Centers; National Association of Spine Specialists; National Association of Urban Hospitals; National Coalition on Health Care; National Retail Federation; North American Primary Care Research Group; Novo Nordisk. 
Oregon Association of Hospitals and 
Health Systems; PhRMA; Premier Inc.; Renal Physicians Association; Rural Wis-consin Health Cooperative; Society for Ado-lescent Health and Medicine (SAHM); Soci-ety of Critical Care Medicine (SCCM); Soci-ety of General Internal Medicine (SGIM); So-ciety of Teachers of Family Medicine; Ten-nessee Medical Association; Texas Medical Association; The 60 Plus Association; The American College of Gastroenterology; The Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania; The Iowa Clinic; The Society 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.027 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2080 March 26, 2015 
of Interventional Radiology; ThedaCare; 
Wisconsin Collaborative for Healthcare Qual-ity; Wisconsin Health and Educational Fa-cilities Authority; Wisconsin Hospital Asso-ciation; Wisconsin Medical Society. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Michigan and my friend from Texas, and what a celebration of Mem-bers coming together, Republicans and Democrats. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand on this floor to 
ensure and insist that I am here to pro-tect seniors and to ensure that the vote taken today does not undermine the protection of Medicaid and Medicare, in particular Medicare for our seniors, and that any vote does not in any way hinder those and provide a burden for those who cannot pay. 
This provides a pathway for pro-
viding for our medical providers with the SGR fix; it provides seniors with quality healthcare services so they can go to the doctor they want; and, yes, it provides quality funding for our chil-dren and for our low-income families. 
It supports our federally qualified 
health clinics, and coming from the city of Houston with the Texas Medical Center, there are a lot of doctors. Those doctors serve the poor and they serve seniors, and I want to make sure they are able to do so. The CHIP pro-gram will be protected that has been a vital program to provide for those fam-ilies for our children to be healthy. 
Let me agree with my colleague, 
brother P
ASCRELL , this is good for 
America. I am delighted to support this, and we are going to help physi-cian-owned hospitals and look forward to a better day. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2, the 
‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and the underlying bill. 
H.R. 2 repeals and replaces the Medicare 
Physician Payment System and incentivizes quality care for seniors, children and low in-come-families. 
I thank Chairman R
YAN and Ranking Mem-
ber L EVIN for their work in shepherding this 
legislation, which enjoys bipartisan support to the floor. 
I support the bill before us because it pro-
tects our seniors, our children, low-income families, and equitably compensates physi-cians who provide critically needed health services. 
This bipartisan legislation represents a sig-
nificant achievement because it reforms Medi-care’s payment system and maintains critical funding for health care for millions of seniors, low-income children, and families. 
Compensating our medical providers ade-
quately to enable them to continue providing much needed services to our seniors is a moral imperative. 
Assuring that our seniors receive quality 
health services is a moral imperative. 
Providing critical healthcare funding for chil-
dren and low income families is also a moral imperative. Physicians from my congressional district in 
Texas, and others across the country, serve and provide remarkable healthcare to our sen-iors, children, and low income families. 
The 70,000 seniors in my congressional dis-
trict are entitled to the security that comes from knowing that healthcare will be available to them when they need it the most. 
The 4.4 million low income families and chil-
dren in the state of Texas and the 130,000 children in Harris County will benefit from this bill because it provides the resources needed to improve their quality of health. 
It is important that physicians who are will-
ing to serve our seniors, children, and low in-come families not have to go broke doing so. 
Mr. Speaker, let me briefly list several of the 
more important aspects of this bill which I wholeheartedly support: 
For our seniors, the bill repeals the sustain-
able growth rate (also known as SGR) formula and phases in a value based payment system for physicians serving Medicare patients for the quality of care they provide. 
For our seniors, children and low-income 
families, the new payment incentives in the bill encourage physicians to move towards alter-native payment models such as bundled pay-ment and shared savings which foster align-ment of high-quality and cost effective healthcare. 
This bill extends the Children’s Health Insur-
ance Program, or CHIP, for two years. 
Over 928,000 children are in CHIP in Texas, 
and 130,000 in Harris County, will benefit from this bill. 
For our children, ‘‘clean’’ extensions in the 
bill maintain policies and funding that does not include detrimental policies or cuts. 
This funding supports evidence-based pro-
grams that have been proven to reduce health care costs, improve school readiness, and in-crease family self-sufficiency and economic security. 
This bill extends the Maternal, Infant, and 
Early Childhood Home Visiting Program for two years. 
This bill extends funding for 1,300 federally 
funded community health centers located in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and six U.S. territories, distributed evenly between urban and rural areas, that serve 28 million patients. 
A third of those patients are children, and 
93 percent of patients served have incomes below 200 percent of the federal poverty line. 
The vast majority of the 90 million patient 
visits to community health centers were for pri-mary medical care. 
Without the funding, 7.4 million low-income 
patients—including 4.3 million women pro-vided by this bill would lose access to health care. 
This bill extends the Qualifying Individual 
Program—which subsidizes Medicare pre-miums for low-income beneficiaries—perma-nently. 
This bill permanently corrects Medicare pay-
ments to physicians an provides much-needed certainty and stability to the Medicare pro-gram. 
Importantly, the bill provides financial incen-
tives to reinforce the country’s path toward a health care system that rewards value and quality of care. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation is a 
step in the right direction in Medicare payment reform and ensures continued funding that im-proves the health and welfare of millions of 
seniors, children, and families. 
H.R. 2 is important because it reforms our 
flawed Medicare physician payment system; incentivizes quality and value for our seniors; and extends coverage for our children and low income families. 
For all these reasons, I strongly support this 
bill and urge my colleagues to likewise. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
know Mr. L
EVIN has additional speak-
ers, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important 
moment. As I look back, it has been decade after decade of a struggle for health care for all Americans, a real struggle. 
Today, we have legislation that cov-
ers kids from infancy through seniors, for seniors throughout their years. That is the importance, really, of these provisions. I simply want to express, I think, the feeling of so many of us on this side. So we have this moment of coming together, and I hope in the days ahead that these notes of har-mony will not be disturbed by notes of dissonance. We owe more, and all the bodies, all the institutions owe it to the people of this country to continue on this path so what should be a right is a reality. 
I don’t think anybody in this institu-
tion can imagine going to bed any night worried about having health care, and the same for their families, their kids, and their grandchildren. I hope we will take these few minutes when we come together and reassert 
the importance in this country of join-ing together so that everybody from birth until their last days has the abil-ity to have what is so precious—the ability to have access to health care. I hope that is the significance of this vote. I hope, as a result, it will be a very strong vote, and I think it is a vote for health care for every Amer-ican. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield myself 
the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing wrong 
with being passionate about your ideas and principles, and nowhere is that more evident than in health care. When you can find, though, common ground on those principles that help our sen-iors, encourage our doctors to treat them, and make the first reforms to really save Medicare for the long term, we ought to do that. That is what this bill does. 
But it just isn’t a common ground as 
far as our lawmakers. We have dedi-cated staff who came together to work out the tough issues for us as well. On behalf of the Committee on Ways and Means Chairman P
AUL RYAN and my-
self, I would like to thank our staff on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health—Matt Hoffmann, Brett Baker, Amy Hall, and Erin Richardson—for their tremendous work. 
The Speaker and former Speaker 
P
ELOSI also led the effort to find this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.015 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2081 March 26, 2015 
common ground, and for Speaker B OEH-
NER, Charlotte Ivancic, and for Leader 
PELOSI , Wendell Primus, we thank you, 
as well as legislative counsel; and for the Congressional Budget Office, Tom Bradley and Holly Harvey contributed greatly to this day. 
The other day, my neighbor, who has 
just retired from Continental, now United, walked over to my front porch and told me that after years of seeing his local doctor, his local doctor can’t see him anymore because he can’t af-ford to treat Medicare patients. 
The other day—it was a tough winter 
for illnesses—I had an ear infection, and my local doctor I have known since he started his practice snuck me in at 6 at night. His staff had been there since 8 in the morning working and just looked frazzled. He just said, look, he doesn’t drive a fancy car, doesn’t live in a fancy home; he doesn’t have a fancy office; he just wants to help treat patients. But this formula just makes it harder and harder for him. My main physician, who is 66, told me the other day that he would like to practice for 5 more years. He said: I think probably just 1 more year. He said: I can’t han-dle the way Medicare pays today. 
Look, we can’t allow that to con-
tinue. Today, a simple question on this bill: Will you stand with our seniors, who need to see a local doctor and a doctor they know? Will you stand with our doctors, who want to treat our sen-iors, who don’t want to retire early or sell out to larger institutions? Will you take the first real step to save Medi-care for the long term? That is the question we face today. 
On behalf of Chairman R
YAN and 
those who have come together on this bill, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this meas-ure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
here’s what it all comes down to: This is a step toward patient-centered health care. 
And what that means is, we’re starting to 
focus on what’s best for patients. 
Medicare is supposed to help seniors get 
the best health care possible. 
And the way to do that is to reward what 
works. 
Reward the doctors who help you recover 
faster and live longer. 
Reward the doctors who put seniors and 
their health first. 
That’s what it means to have a patient-cen-
tered system. That’s how you strengthen Medicare. 
And that’s what this bill does. This bill 
changes how Medicare pays doctors. 
Right now, you get paid for every single 
treatment you perform—no matter how effec-tive you are. 
So what we say to doctors is, ‘‘From now 
on, we’re going to reward quality work. Do a good job, make people better, keep them out of the hospital, and you’ll get paid more.’’ 
I think we all can agree that’s better than 
just paying for the amount of care. 
And we can all agree that’s better than one 
more year of a manufactured crisis. 
Now I want to add that we make a couple 
of other good reforms in this bill. These reforms will save money. And those 
savings will build up over time. 
We ask the wealthy to contribute more to 
their care. 
We discourage unnecessary doctor visits 
with some insurance reforms. 
And we tell Medicare to share data with ex-
perts to help providers figure out what works. 
You all know I think we have a long way to 
go to save Medicare. 
I think this is just a start. But this is a firm step in the right direction. It’s a firm step toward a patient-centered 
system. 
And I ask all my colleagues to support it. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 20, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1021, Protecting the Integrity of Medicare Act of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Ways and Means on February 26, 2015. I ap-preciate your decision to facilitate prompt consideration of the bill by the full House. I understand that by foregoing a mark-up of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce is not waiving its interest in the pro-visions within its jurisdiction. 
Per your request, I will include a copy of 
our exchange of letters with respect to H.R. 1021 in the Congressional Record during House consideration of this bill. We appre-ciate your cooperation and look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to express my disappointment that Hyde Amendment language was included in H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reau-thorization Act of 2015. 
The Hyde Amendment, which prohibits fed-
eral funding for abortion, has prevented women from accessing needed reproductive health care for decades. While the Hyde Amendment remains in law through the yearly appropriations process, every attempt to insert Hyde Amendment language into other legisla-tion damages efforts to protect women’s health. 
It is unfortunate that today’s historic bipar-
tisan deal—which will strengthen Medicare for millions of Floridians—was used as a vehicle to chip away at women’s access to reproduc-tive health care. Every woman deserves the right to make her own personal health deci-sions. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to thank our leaders for working so tirelessly to find a compromise to fix the SGR. For too many years this arbi-trary budget device has worked to up- end Medicare doctors and patients alike, creating turmoil when what was needed was common sense. Thankfully, today common sense wins out. 
But I have to say as well that I am 
disappointed that the bill includes un-necessary language on restricting women’s reproductive rights. The in-clusion of a statutory reference to the Hyde amendment is bothersome in the least and very possibly a dangerous precedent-setting salvo by anti-choice opponents to codify the Hyde language. Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand why 
Hyde had to be referenced at all in this bill. Everyone already knows that com-munity health centers are already sub-
ject to Hyde restrictions. Including it in this SGR bill is redundant. Unfortu-nately, it is all too typical of this Tea Party-infused Congress to sow discord rather than accommodation. Adding the Hyde language to the bill only causes heartburn in a bill that could much more easily have satisfied our hunger for bipartisanship. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2, the Medi-care Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This legislation is a long overdue remedy to the flawed Medicare physi-cian payment formula known as the Sustainable Growth Rate, or SGR. I look forward to putting an end to the temporary patches that Congress has repeatedly passed in place of a perma-nent fix. 
Replacing the SGR and bringing pre-
dictability to Medicare will encourage more providers to enter and remain in the program, which in turn will im-prove health care access and afford-ability for seniors. Additionally, H.R. 2 marks an important shift from fee-for- service payments to a system that re-wards quality outcomes. 
This bill also includes several impor-
tant reauthorizations to crucial pro-grams, including the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the Qualifying In-dividual program, and the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Vis-iting Program. Although I would have supported a longer authorization of CHIP, which would bring more cer-tainty to our states and the children and families they serve through the program, I hope we can work together during the next two years to develop a strong authorization before it expires in two years. 
I am also very pleased that this legis-
lation includes an extension of the Se-cure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act. Hundreds of jurisdictions across the country—in-cluding timber-dependent counties all across Oregon—rely on this essential funding for their schools, government services, and law enforcement. 
Lastly, H.R. 2 provides continued au-
thorization for Community Health Cen-ters, which provide important services in underserved communities. Although support for community health centers will prevent millions of patients from losing access to primary care, the fund-ing will unfortunately remain subject to the Hyde Amendment—a harmful provision that undermines women’s health. I am deeply troubled with the continuation of this public law. 
I am also troubled by the precedent 
set in this bill where we will begin charging some seniors more for their premiums. Medicare, like Social Secu-rity, is an earned benefit paid for over a lifetime. 
Despite these serious objections, I 
will support this bipartisan legislation. Congress must preserve access to pri-mary care for vulnerable individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.031 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2082 March 26, 2015 
and bring long sought stability to 
Medicare for our seniors. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this comprehensive legislation and perma-nently fix the SGR. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, this week the 
House has an opportunity to make historic re-forms to Medicare that will provide certainty to doctors and patients across the country. 
I spent 30 years practicing as a heart sur-
geon, fighting to save lives on the operating table every day. 
I know firsthand that the cycle of temporary 
patches and extensions injects tremendous uncertainty into the process, making it much more difficult to run a successful practice. 
Last week, I stood with a bipartisan group of 
Representatives and Senators to introduce the replacement legislation under consideration. 
This bill repeals the unworkable SGR, con-
solidates duplicative programs, and improves transparency for patients and doctors. It is a historic solution to a problem that has plagued doctors and providers for over a decade. 
But no solution is one hundred percent per-
fect. 
I believe we must continue working toward 
full repeal of the unworkable Medicare out-patient therapy cap, something I’ve introduced legislation to address and will continue to work with my colleagues to make this law. 
That’s something I’ll continue to fight for. 
But today, it’s time for Congress to do what 
we are elected to do: come together, find common ground, and pass a solution. 
This is the first meaningful opportunity to fix 
this broken system in years—let’s not bypass this moment. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to support 
this permanent doc fix. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Medicare Access and CHIP Re-authorization Act, which repeals once and for all the flawed Medicare physician reimburse-ment formula, known as the SGR, and re-places it with a payment system based on quality of care, value and accountability. 
Since 2003, Congress has spent nearly 
$170 billion on short-term patches to tempo-rarily avoid cuts under the SGR. This bipar-tisan, bicameral agreement will finally stabilize payments for medical providers and remove the persistent threat of rate cuts that have jeopardized access to care for our seniors. 
Also contained in this legislation is a crucial 
two-year extension of the Children’s Health In-surance Program. Although I would have pre-ferred to see CHIP extended for four years, this measure allows us to take immediate ac-tion instead of waiting until the program ex-pires in September, providing certainty to states like Rhode Island that are preparing their budgets for next year, while ensuring that over eight million children continue receiving the health coverage they need at increased funding levels set forth under the Affordable Care Act. 
I am also pleased to see the inclusion of 
over $7 billion for community health centers that provide front line care to millions of fami-lies across the country, as well as $620 million for the National Health Service Corps and $120 million for Teaching Health Centers. 
Of course, this legislation is not perfect. It 
includes provisions I do not support, such as reforms to Medigap deductibles for new Medi-care beneficiaries beginning in 2020. How-ever, this measure seeks to protect our most vulnerable citizens by permanently extending 
the Qualifying Individual (QI) program that helps low-income seniors pay their Medicare Part B premiums, and the Transitional Medical Assistance (TMA) program that assists fami-lies on Medicaid maintain their coverage for one year as they transition from welfare to work. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will end the 
decade-long cycle of annual SGR patches, re-store certainty Medicare providers, and extend vital health care programs our constituents de-pend on. I am pleased that members on both sides of the aisle have come together to ad-dress this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and provide continued health security for our seniors, children and families 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Re-authorization Act. 
I came to Congress because Washington 
was in the midst of a culture of excess—ex-cessive spending, excessive regulation and excessive government. 
Today, we have the opportunity to repeal 
and replace Medicare’s SGR, an outdated re-imbursement system that for over a decade Congress has passed patch after patch to fix the flawed formula while hiding the true state of Medicare. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will take crucial 
steps to change spending and improve health care for America. 
Today, we are voting to enact policy and re-
forms that generate savings and finally incentivize quality of care over quantity. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 2, Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This bill is not per-fect but on its whole, it extends critical funding to ensure that kids in the Children’s Health In-surance Program (CHIP) don’t lose access to health insurance and to keep community health centers open to serve hardworking American families. It funds the successful Home Visiting Program, makes permanent a program to assist low-income seniors afford their Medicare premiums, and supports fami-lies on Medicaid who are transitioning to work. On top of preventing massive cuts to these programs, the legislation replaces a flawed payment system that wasn’t working for peo-ple in Medicare, their physicians, or taxpayers. 
In some areas—specifically in extending 
funding for CHIP for two years—I don’t think the bill goes far enough. As a longtime sup-porter of CHIP, I advocated to extend funding for four years and included a four-year exten-sion in the budget I offered in the House. House Democratic leadership fought for a four-year extension but was met with resist-ance from Republicans who have made quite clear that they would rather roll back coverage for kids in CHIP. Despite the two-year com-promise, I’m pleased that the legislation funds CHIP at current levels and maintains the safe-guards we set in the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to ensure coverage for every eligible child in the nation. Failure to pass this bill and fund CHIP would cause millions of kids to be-come uninsured or lose access to services, or would cause their parents to face higher out- of-pocket costs. 
The bill also includes two years of additional 
funding for community health centers which provide primary care to families, seniors, peo-ple with disabilities, and veterans in Maryland 
and across the nation. Health centers keep people healthy and working by responding to the unique needs of their communities, create good-paying jobs, and train the next genera-tion of the health care workforce. Without this bill, funding for health centers would be cut by 70 percent and over 7 million Americans could be at risk of losing critical health services. Not funding very cost-effective health providers is irresponsible and unfair to hardworking Amer-ican families. 
It comes as no surprise that my Republican 
colleagues would have liked to hijack this bill for their arsenal in their unending assault on women’s health. If you need any evidence, just look at what Republicans did in the Sen-ate trying to use the human trafficking bill to expand the Hyde amendment to permanent funds and non-taxpayer funds. I applaud the Democratic Senators blocking that Republican anti-choice effort. Let me be clear; this bill does not do that. I worked with Leader P
ELOSI  
and the co-chairs of the House Pro-Choice Caucus, of which I am a member, to counter attempts to codify the Hyde amendment. As a result, this bill continues the current policy for funding for community health centers. Just like the Hyde language included in annual appro-priations bills, the provision is limited to tax-payer funds and temporary—terminating when the funding expires in 2017. I strongly share the ongoing concerns of the reproductive health community and I remain deeply com-mitted to protecting a woman’s fundamental right to choose her health care. 
Finally, the bill repeals and replaces a deep-
ly flawed physician payment system for paying physicians that basically penalizes doctors for participating in Medicare. For more than ten years, doctors have faced the threat of steep rate cuts required by a mindless formula in the law. Congress has repeatedly adopted short- term patches to prevent these cuts from taking effect. This crisis-driven approach to paying physicians makes it difficult for doctors to par-ticipate in Medicare, which ultimately is unfair to their patients—the seniors and disabled workers who rely on Medicare for access to the health care services they need. The bill rights this wrong with a smarter physician pay-ment system that improves quality of care for people with Medicare. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s bill is not perfect but 
Congress must move forward with this bipar-tisan agreement to protect the health of Amer-ica’s families, children and seniors. I urge sup-port H.R. 2. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Medicare and CHIP Reauthor-ization Act, H.R. 2. 
I commend Energy and Commerce Chair-
man F
REDUPTON and ranking member F RANK  
PALLONE as well as Ways and Means Chair-
man P AULRYANand ranking member S ANDER  
LEVIN for their hard work in putting this bill to-
gether. 
The sustainable growth rate (SGR) was part 
of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 but has proven to be far less than sustainable. 
In fact, according to the Congressional Re-
search Service, since 2003 Congress passed 17 laws overriding the SGR-mandated reduc-tions in the Medicare physician fee schedule. 
This bill may not be perfect but it seems to 
strike enough compromises that many of us are willing to support a good bill rather than hold out for a perfect one. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.035 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2083 March 26, 2015 
I am particularly pleased that the bill in-
cludes a two year extension of the Health Center Fund, which will provide an additional $3.6 billion per year to the nation’s community health centers. 
Created under the Affordable Care Act to 
expand the health centers program and in-crease access to care, the fund is set to ex-pire after 2015. 
Should it expire, health centers would be 
facing a 70% cut in funding which would force devastating reductions and closures at many of the more than 9,000 health centers nation-wide. 
We simply cannot allow that to happen. Community health centers are critical to the 
health care equation, meeting the needs of approximately 23 million people every year. They provide access to primary and preventa-tive health services that keep patients from seeking or eventually needing more costly care. And that benefits all of us. 
The 1,300 federally funded health centers 
are located in every corner of our country and are distributed evenly between urban and rural areas. I am fortunate in my own district to have 7 community health centers treating more than one hundred thousand patients every year. In fact, as we recognize the 50th anniversary of our health centers, I am proud to acknowledge that the first community health center in the United States, Geiger Gibson, is located in my district. 
Health centers serve all our constituents, 
Democrat and Republican, young and old, black, white or brown. they are vital to all our communities, and that is why this program has strong bipartisan support. 
Whether you supported the Affordable Care 
Act or not, I think we all can agree that access to affordable health care helps to keep health costs down. Our community health centers provide that access. They are doing a terrific job for people across the nation. 
That is why I strongly support our health 
centers and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 173, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 37, not voting 4, as follows: [Roll No. 144] 
YEAS—392 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—37 
Amash 
Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Cooper DeSantis DesJarlais Garrett Gohmert Graves (GA) Grothman Huelskamp 
Hultgren Issa Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Loudermilk Lummis Marchant Massie McClintock 
Meadows Mulvaney Nadler Palmer Ratcliffe Sanford Schakowsky Schweikert Sensenbrenner Visclosky 
NOT VOTING—4 
Hinojosa 
Payne Ruiz 
Smith (WA) 
b1207 
Messrs. MULVANEY and 
SCHWEIKERT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
b1215 
THE MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, moments ago, the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.034 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2084 March 26, 2015 
passed a historic piece of bipartisan 
legislation that will put an end to the flawed Medicare sustainable growth rate, the so-called doc fix, and extend the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. 
For more than a decade, Congress has 
used a bandaid to address the sustain-able growth rate, rather than offering permanent reforms. Having served in a nonprofit health care setting for nearly three decades, I experienced firsthand the uncertainty and the anxiety that patients and their providers experi-enced annually, wondering if draconian cuts to reimbursements would occur. This bipartisan, permanent solution will replace the sustainable growth rate with a more stable system that will ensure our seniors do not lose ac-cess to their healthcare providers. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is by no 
means perfect, but it is a move in the right direction for children, seniors, and our medical providers. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we just 
passed a bipartisan bill that addressed an issue, as the previous speaker said, that needed to be addressed. 
Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, the Supreme 
Court handed down a decision in Ala-bama Legislative Black Caucus v. Ala-bama which ought to give every Mem-ber pause regarding the position that Federal voting protections are no longer needed to ensure that all Ameri-cans can register and vote. 
The Court found that Alabama legis-
lators may have drawn congressional districts after the last census in a man-ner that diluted the voting strength of African American citizens. The Court raised disturbing questions, Mr. Speak-er, about how African Americans are represented in Alabama’s congressional districts and returned the case to a lower court for further consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, we are a nation that 
prides itself on its unflinching willing-ness to confront its sins of segregation and voter suppression that kept mil-lions of Americans from participating equally for generations. 
On the same day the Court ruled, we 
marked the 50th anniversary of the Selma marchers finally reaching Mont-gomery. Such anniversaries are re-minders of how much—or how little progress—we have made to realize the principles and rights embodied in our Constitution. 
With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I 
urge us to proceed, as we did today, in a bipartisan fashion to restore the Vot-ing Rights Act to its full force and ef-fect to protect all Americans. And I urge my colleagues to work together to bring the bipartisan Voting Rights Amendment Act to the floor and re-store the full power of the Voting Rights Act without delay. We acted in a bipartisan fashion 
today. Let’s do it tomorrow on the Vot-ing Rights Act. 
f 
BRAIN AWARENESS WEEK 
(Mr. M CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Brain Awareness Week. 
Last week, neuroscientists from 
around the world reached out to stu-dents and the public with educational activities that helped illustrate the wonders of the human brain. Since 1996, organizations around the world have come together during Brain Awareness Week to inform us about brain research and brain awareness, about brain disorders and diseases that affect nearly 100 million Americans. 
The National Science Foundation has 
supported a number of projects that have led to discoveries in neuroscience. These projects include gene editing that allows scientists to understand the biological origins of complex brain disorders and provide new potential treatments. On another front, increas-ing the resolution of optical micro-scopes has allowed scientists to view the brain in more detail and helped them understand Alzheimer’s and Par-kinson’s disease. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting Brain Awareness Week and to support researchers in their own dis-tricts who are working to improve pub-lic health worldwide. 
f 
HEALTH CARE IN AMERICA 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we 
just witnessed an opportunity that should not be singular, and that is the coming together of Members of the United States Congress to address some very important issues. 
I have already spoken on the impor-
tance of providing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program that this legislation, H.R. 2, has provided for and securing Medicare for our seniors and ensuring funding for our federally qualified health clinics, the very clin-ics that I advocated for so many years ago. And we have seen a growth in them. The ones that are in my congres-sional district, they opened their doors to low-income and those without insur-ance in years past. 
We are trying to get in front of the 
issue and the crisis of health care in America. But I want to make sure that as we pass this legislation, we do not forget physician-owned hospitals, which are prevalent in the State of Texas, and there are many in my neighborhood. These are doctors who have sacrificed to open the doors of hospitals in low-income areas. It is im-portant for CMS to make sure that their applications are expeditiously and efficiently reviewed and that they 
have the opportunity to expand. This is language that we have put into the Af-fordable Care Act so the doors of these hospitals can remain open to the sick and those who are in neighborhoods where access to health care is not strong. 
I ask my colleagues to continue to 
push forward on good health care in America and to help physician-owned hospitals in the way that they should be under the Affordable Care Act. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARY EDWARDS 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a longtime friend, Mary Edwards, a State Demo-cratic executive committeewoman and board member for Tarrant County Stonewall Democrats. 
Mary was born in Clarksville, a little 
town next to Paris, and moved to Fort Worth with her family when she was a kid. 
She dedicated her time to helping 
others and making a difference to any-one she came across. I can personally attest to the leadership and activism she displayed throughout the years in the Fort Worth community, as well as when she worked alongside longtime former State Representative Lon Burnam. 
Mary also served in various roles in 
the community. She was very active in the LGBT community and was very proud of her work. She was also a member of the Communications Work-ers of America. And she was very ac-tive in the neighborhood that she lived in. 
My heartfelt sympathies goes out to 
her younger brother, Longe, and her niece, whom she greatly adored. 
I can tell you, personally, that it is 
going to be sad to go to the Democratic meetings and pull up into the parking lot and not see Mary’s big red truck there. But I can attest to you that while Mary was here, on this side, she did everything she could to make life better for others and truly, truly cared for the community. 
f 
MISCONDUCT OF INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL TODD ZINSER, COMMERCE DEPARTMENT 
(Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Congress relies upon inspectors general, IGs, as a key component of the Federal account-ability community. When IGs them-selves engage in illegal, unethical, or inappropriate behavior, Congress has an obligation to investigate them. 
In the last Congress, the Committee 
on Science, Space, and Technology launched a bipartisan investigation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.037 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2085 March 26, 2015 
the Department of Commerce Inspector 
General Todd Zinser. The evidence the committee obtained regarding Mr. Zinser’s personal misconduct and pro-fessional mismanagement of his office is overwhelming. 
Any one of the multiple issues high-
lighted in my extended remarks would be sufficient to justify the removal of this IG. This serious step is made nec-essary by the abundant and deeply dis-turbing evidence that I am making public today. It gives me no pleasure to provide this account to the Congress, but I believe it is my obligation to re-port on what we have found. 
Todd J. Zinser has been the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Commerce (DOC) since December 2007. Prior to his present post, he served as Acting IG and Deputy IG at the Department of Transportation’s Office of Inspector General (OIG). He has had a thirty year career in the federal accountability com-munity. 
Our Committee relies on the Commerce 
IG’s office to identify and investigate issues of waste, fraud, abuse and mismanagement with-in agencies under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration (NOAA), which encom-passes the National Weather Service (NWS) and National Hurricane Center, as well as the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology (NIST). The Committee also has wide- ranging oversight jurisdiction over all non-mili-tary research and development, which touches upon other components of the Department of Commerce. 
Issues relating to Mr. Zinser’s conduct in of-
fice first came to the attention of the Com-mittee in 2012. As some of you may recall, the Chief Financial Officer at the National Weather Service was removed after it was found that he had established an improper and illegal process for moving tens of millions of dollars across appropriated accounts at NWS in viola-tion of the Anti-deficiency Act. Subsequently, the then-head of the NWS also retired as a re-sult of this scandal. The Committee learned of this improper conduct the same way the rest of the world did: we read about it in the Wash-ington Post on May 28, 2012. 
However, Inspector Generals are required 
by the Inspector General Act to notify Con-gress when they become aware of significant problems in their agency. The Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 as amended says very clearly that it is a purpose of the establishment of in-spector generals that they are ‘‘to provide a means for keeping the head of the establish-ment and the Congress fully and currently in-formed about problems and deficiencies relat-ing to the administration of’’ that agency. 
That act also directs that ‘‘[e]ach Inspector 
General shall report immediately to the head of the establishment involved whenever the In-spector General becomes aware of particularly serious or flagrant problems, abuses, or defi-ciencies relating to the administration of pro-grams and operations of such establishment. The head of the establishment shall transmit any such report to the appropriate committees or subcommittees of Congress within seven calendar days, together with a report by the head of the establishment containing any com-ments such head deems appropriate.’’ Mr. Zinser never suggested that he had followed this provision and there is no evidence that the IG ever communicated any report to the 
Secretary of Commerce regarding ongoing violations of the Anti-deficiency Act within the National Weather Service. 
In this case, Mr. Zinser did not notify our 
Committee by any means that NWS had been running a huge, illegal accounting scam. That failure to notify came as a grave disappoint-ment to me and to other Members of the Committee. When staff met with Mr. Zinser to understand what had happened in this case, and the role of his office in the investigation, they were astonished to learn that in Novem-ber 2011 the IG had concluded that a violation of the Anti-deficiency Act had likely occurred. That meant that the IG went six months with-out mentioning this significant matter to the Congress, letting us instead learn of the issue in the press. 
In that meeting with staff, Mr. Zinser dis-
closed that he had no idea that his office had received multiple tips regarding financial mis-conduct at NWS. He admitted that his office had actually misplaced some of these allega-tions. The Commerce OIG received its first of several Hotline complaints about this issue in June 2010. Mr. Zinser also claimed he had no idea that his audit staff were conducting an examination of these allegations until a memo-randum on the topic—eleven months in the making—hit his desk on November 18, 2011. It seemed impossible that, with his years of experience, he would have established a sys-tem for receiving whistleblower tips that could actually lose those tips. It also seemed impos-sible that he could not know that his staff was conducting a ‘‘preliminary audit’’ on matters in-volving possible illegal activity by one of the top officials at the NWS. 
At the time, his office only had about 120 
employees and misconduct at the National Weather Service would be a very, very high profile matter. Even if Mr. Zinser’s account is true—and my staff have gathered significant evidence that Mr. Zinser is actually a micro-manager who has been personally involved in assignments of hotline complaints and held weekly reviews of ongoing work at the time, back in 2011—such failings suggest an ex-traordinary lack of personal engagement in the work of his office and a serious lack of com-petence in Mr. Zinser’s management of signifi-cant, potentially criminal, allegations. 
Most surprising of all the things staff learned 
in this meeting was that Mr. Zinser declined to conduct a formal investigation into these finan-cial improprieties even after he said he be-came aware of them. Instead, the IG gave the investigation back to the agency. Given the vast scope of the financial shenanigans that occurred at NWS over many years, it is rea-sonable to question whether others in the agency knew about this conduct or played some role in allowing it to go on. In letting the agency essentially investigate itself on this vio-lation of the law, the IG created a situation where there could have been a cover-up. In the end, the agency’s report on this incident found only one official—the NWS Chief Finan-cial Officer—to have been responsible for years of illegal accounting practices. 
IGs exist to carry out investigations pre-
cisely when allegations of illegal activity have been made. Members and staff found it im-possible to understand why the IG had failed in what can only be described as a ‘‘core re-sponsibility’’ to investigate this misconduct and to keep the Congress informed. My staff has posed this scenario to several other IGs who 
work at agencies in our jurisdiction, every one of them has said they would never have given such an investigation back to the agency. Such a decision is inexplicable. 
These failures to investigate a violation of 
law, to inform the Congress of significant issues at his agency, or to effectively manage his own office led to doubts among Committee Members regarding Mr. Zinser’s reliability as an IG. As a result, our staff began to examine the work of Mr. Zinser’s office in more detail. 
Let me be clear: Mr. Zinser came to our at-
tention because of Mr. Zinser’s own mis-conduct. We know from sources on other Committees as well as correspondence he has sent, that he has tried to explain away our interest in his conduct as the result of former IG staff with an ax to grind coming to us with false stories, or even that my own Committee staff are personally hostile to Mr. Zinser. Noth-ing could be further from the truth. Mr. Zinser has only himself to blame for drawing our at-tention to him. 
In the wake of a hearing in which Members 
heard directly from Mr. Zinser regarding his mishandling of the NWS Anti-Deficiency Act violations, my staff began looking into the IG’s hotline system. How could tips involving illegal activity and the potential waste of millions of dollars get set aside without any action? While the staff and Members were wondering how this bizarre conduct on the NWS could be ex-plained, another item in the Washington Post caught our eye. Mr. Zinser’s office was the subject of a whistleblower retaliation complaint that had been taken up by the Office of Spe-cial Counsel (OSC)—the Federal govern-ment’s whistleblower protection office. 
On December 3, 2012 the Washington Post 
reported on this case because the OSC had to take the extraordinary step of issuing instruc-tions that Inspector General Zinser vacate a gag agreement with the complainants. This gag agreement, which OSC ultimately found had been essentially extorted from the com-plainants, had barred them from commu-nicating about their experiences in Mr. Zinser’s office to the press, OSC or Congress. 
This press account was every bit as shock-
ing as the revelations Mr. Zinser had made to the Committee regarding his mishandling of the NWS case. It seemed impossible that an IG, or his top aides, would establish a gag order to silence former staff from talking to the press, the OSC, or Congress. That such a gag order was the result of retaliation for sus-pected whistleblowing conduct by the former employees made this situation even more dis-turbing. By law, IG offices are to be a safe haven for whistleblowers. That an IG, or his senior staff, would attempt to punish and si-lence whistleblowers within their own office flies in the face of everything we expect of an IG. 
This story opened up new lines of commu-
nication between whistleblowers remaining in Mr. Zinser’s office and our staff. For the re-mainder of the 113th Congress we worked to understand how the office operated and why so many problems seemed to emerge from the IG’s office. Over time, this initiative ex-panded from work done solely by the Minority staff of the Committee to become a fully bipar-tisan investigation with participation by the Ma-jority as well. My friend from Wisconsin, the then-Vice Chairman of the Committee, Rep-resentative S
ENSENBRENNER , was particularly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.038 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2086 March 26, 2015 
important in driving the investigation forward 
and forging a bipartisan effort. Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER has a long history of taking action to 
protect whistleblowers. 
I want to touch on some of the most out-
rageous things that we uncovered during the two years of our work. I may depart from a chronological treatment in an effort to bring the most disturbing elements to the attention of the House in the most expeditious way. 
For those who wonder how I know what I 
am saying is true, let me share a summary of the work our staff engaged in. 
The staff interviewed more than 70 officials 
who have worked for or with Mr. Zinser, in-cluding more than 60 current or former Com-merce OIG employees. The Committee has also obtained thousands of pages of sup-porting documentation, court records and other evidence from informed sources. Most of the material that has informed our investiga-tion has come to the staff through whistle-blowers sharing materials. Despite two bipar-tisan document request letters in the last Con-gress, Mr. Zinser provided very little respon-sive material, particularly to our second re-quest in August 2014 that specifically focused on the conduct of Mr. Zinser and some of his senior most officials targeting whistleblowers in his own office. 
Coincidentally, and I will discuss this in 
more detail later, six days—let me repeat, six days—after Mr. Zinser received the Commit-tee’s bipartisan document request regarding efforts to identify and retaliate against whistle-blowers in his office, he was seen using his personal hand-cart to remove two bankers boxes of materials from his office to his car on a holiday weekend. Although we don’t know what was in those boxes, the timing of this re-moval is extremely suspicious. 
Committee staff has built a network of 
sources that provided accurate, contempora-neous insights into actions within the office. The stories and documents these whistle-blowers provided paint a deeply disturbing pic-ture of an IG’s office ruled by fear and intimi-dation, where unethical conduct is rewarded at the top, while the line staff are largely pre-vented from conducting the good work ex-pected of an IG’s office. 
Let me start by acknowledging two apparent 
public successes of Mr. Zinser’s: he produced two reports in 2014 on misconduct at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) that re-ceived extensive press coverage and inspired a joint hearing by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the House Judiciary Committee. Each of these seeming successes, though, points to core problems in the credibility of Mr. Zinser and the work of his office. 
On July 8, 2014, Mr. Zinser’s office released 
an investigative report about the conduct of Deborah Cohn, the Commissioner for Trade-marks at PTO. The report found that Commis-sioner Cohn violated several federal laws re-garding federal officials using their public of-fice for an individual’s private gain (5 C.F.R. 2635.702 and 702(a)), providing preferential treatment to an applicant (5 U.S.C. 2302(b), and 5 C.F.R. 2635.101(b)(8)), and violating federal ethics violations (5 C.F.R. 2635.501(a)). What was Ms. Cohn’s offense? She had intervened in a hiring decision to as-sist her daughter’s fiance ´in getting a job. 
In September, in the wake of the report, 
Deborah Cohn announced plans to retire by the end of 2014. According to her online biog-
raphy, she worked at PTO for over 30 years, and retired in January, 2015. At the time of the release of the report, IG Zinser was quoted in the press as saying the OIG inves-tigation found Ms. Cohn exerted ‘‘undue influ-ence in the hiring process’’ and ‘‘intervened and created an additional position specifically for the applicant.’’ The Commerce OIG report 
also said that beyond the letter of the law, the PTO official’s actions ‘‘reflected poor judg-ment.’’ The take away quote for the press: ‘‘As a long-term senior manager in the federal gov-ernment, she should have known about the federal laws governing hiring and should have steered clear of any appearance of impro-priety,’’ the report said. 
Ms. Cohn was wrong to have intervened in 
this hiring case in the manner that she did, but she is to be congratulated for choosing to re-tire in the face of these significant findings that called her judgement into question. But as my staff learned, Mr. Zinser is really not in a very credible position to lecture anyone on hiring irregularities. 
Mr. Zinser has his own rather astounding 
record of inappropriate hiring in the Commerce IG’s office. For example, since coming to the IG post in December of 2007, he personally intervened to save the career of one of his closest friends as it was imploding at the De-partment of Transportation due to mismanage-ment issues. This person is one of the same people who ultimately had the OSC complaint lodged against him that I referenced above. Mr. Zinser also personally intervened to get his own son’s friend an internship position in the OIG and then directed his senior staff to push the Department of Commerce Security Office to issue credentials for the young man when a security issue arose. The friend of Mr. Zinser’s son was eventually hired into a per-manent position in the OIG with a starting sal-ary of more than $42,000. 
Most disturbingly, Mr. Zinser hired a woman 
that substantial evidence and witness testi-mony reveals was involved in a ‘‘romantic’’ re-lationship with Mr. Zinser at the time he hired her in August 2010. At that time, she was in the middle of her probationary year as a can-didate for the Senior Executive Service (SES) at an office within the Department of Com-merce. Notified by her managers that she would be removed from her SES probationary position immediately due to significant conduct problems, she asked her supervisor if she could have an extra day because ‘‘Todd Zinser’’ would hire her. Mr. Zinser then per-sonally intervened to have her detailed to his office within days. This required a frantic push among all levels of his office to get the paper-work done and signed before her SES position at DOC was vacated—which would have washed her out of the SES probationary pro-gram. 
Witnesses in the Commerce IG’s office who 
had been involved in the transfer say there was an extreme, personal urgency in Mr. Zinser’s actions to have this employee de-tailed to his office. In addition, the Committee has confirmed that Mr. Zinser never contacted this woman’s former supervisors at the other DOC agency where she worked to ascertain why she was in the process of being removed from her SES position. This would seem to have been a reasonable action for anyone hir-ing a person into an SES position, even more so for an IG who routinely handles sensitive personal information and criminal investiga-
tions. 
The morning before the Department of 
Commerce ‘‘officially’’ approved her detail to the IG’s office, she was provided with a win-dow office, desk, computer and phone in the Commerce Office of Inspector General, ac-cording to former OIG employees and contem-poraneous emails. In the wake of this effort, the then-Director of Human Resources in the IG’s office e-mailed the Counsel to the IG: ‘‘you can add illegal appointments to my an-nual performance discussion. With [Todd’s son’s friend] and this one, I am going to be an entire series in the Washington post [sic].’’ 
Within five weeks of being brought to the 
OIG on detail, Mr. Zinser appointed his friend to the position of Assistant Inspector General for Administration—a SES position that paid $150,000 a year. Subsequently, Mr. Zinser di-rectly approved three SES Performance Bo-nuses for her from January 2011 to October 2012 totaling $28,199. 
Let me be clear, I am not making any com-
ment on the qualifications or skills of the woman hired by Mr. Zinser, and I am attempt-ing to limit my comments about the broader situation of their relationship out of sensitivity for the feelings of innocent parties. However, Mr. Zinser’s personal conduct in this case is deplorable. His conduct undermined the integ-rity of the SES process and the Federal hiring system more generally. 
It is clear that he hired this intimate friend to 
do her a favor given her difficult professional circumstances. No one interviewed by the Committee staff who worked in the IG’s office at the time of her detail or subsequent ap-pointment believes that she was hired be-cause there was a pressing need for someone with her skill set. The universal reaction among the staff was that this behavior was highly irregular, and right from the beginning there were some in the office who had knowl-edge of his relationship with this person. The result was that rumors began immediately re-garding this person’s special status. Witnesses indicate she wielded unusual authority in the office due to the close nature of her relation-ship to Mr. Zinser. This is the kind of per-sonnel action that destroys the effectiveness of an organization and that IGs themselves often investigate. 
The Committee has no more interest in Mr. 
Zinser’s private affairs than the Congress would have in Ms. Cohn’s daughter’s fiance ´. 
However, Todd Zinser just as blatantly entan-gled his personal affairs with his public duties as Ms. Cohn had done when he used his po-sition of trust to advance a romantic partner’s position. This has created not simply ethically troubling behavior on his part but potential vio-lations of federal law. His actions to further the career of a romantic interest compromises the credibility of the IG and his office to inves-tigate inappropriate hiring by others, even when justified. 
Mr. Zinser’s press comment about Ms. Cohn 
applies to him as well: ‘‘As a long-term senior manager in the federal government, (h)e should have known about the federal laws governing hiring and should have steered clear of any appearance of impropriety.’’ It should go without saying that such a state-ment is even more true of a person who the Congress has placed in a law enforcement po-sition. The difference between Cohn and Zinser is that there is no IG to hold Mr. Zinser 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.021 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2087 March 26, 2015 
accountable. That is a job for the Congress 
and the President. 
There is one more twist in this tale. In Janu-
ary 2011, an anonymous complaint about Mr. Zinser’s inappropriate hiring of the Assistant IG for Administration was received by the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE). The complaint went to their Integrity Committee to investigate. On February 22, 2011, CIGIE’s Integrity Com-mittee wrote to Mr. Zinser regarding the com-plaint asking that he respond within 30 days. On April 11, 2011, Mr. Zinser provided a writ-ten response completely denying that there was anything improper in his hiring of this woman. He told CIGIE that he had a critical need to hire someone with her skills. In the letter Mr. Zinser wrote, ‘‘. . . her assignment was based solely on business necessity, not on a personal relationship.’’ 
As I mentioned, no one interviewed by 
Committee staff who worked in the Commerce IG’s office at the time believes she was hired because there was a pressing need for some-one with her skill set. The position of Assistant IG for Administration had been vacant in the Commerce OIG for over two years before it was given to Mr. Zinser’s romantic interest, and numerous former OIG employees recall that Zinser had refused to fill that position on a number of occasions claiming he did not see a need for it. Not until his close friend was in desperate need of a job did Mr. Zinser dis-cover a necessity to fill the post. 
In addition, not a single record provided by 
the Commerce IG in response to our Commit-tee’s July 2014 document request regarding records related to Mr. Zinser’s hiring of this person supports IG Zinser’s declaration to CIGIE that he hired her into the position of As-sistant IG for Administration ‘‘based solely on business necessity, not a personal relation-ship.’’ There is no contemporaneous record confirming that Mr. Zinser had been pushing for filling that position prior to the quick detail of his intimate friend to the office. 
In his written response to CIGIE, Mr. Zinser 
acknowledged that he did have a personal re-lationship with his new Assistant Inspector General for Administration, and that they were ‘‘avid long distance runners and trained to-gether on a fairly regular basis.’’ ‘‘Contrary to the insinuations of the anonymous complaint,’’ he wrote, ‘‘our relationship is neither romantic nor sexual in nature,’’ and while he said there are no rules ‘‘against maintaining personal friendships with colleagues or subordinates, to minimize any potential appearance of impro-priety, we curtailed our running together’’ after she came to his office. It may be true that their running relationship was ‘‘curtailed’’, but the staff has convincing evidence that other aspects of their relationship, more pertinent to the allegation, continued outside of the work place after her hiring and were ongoing at the time of the CIGIE inquiry. 
In his response Mr. Zinser also suggested 
to CIGIE that the anonymous complaint they received was from his friend’s husband who was attempting to use the complaint ‘‘as a tool to gain advantage in divorce proceedings.’’ It is true that this woman’s husband filed for di-vorce in March 2011—the divorce was granted in January 2012—but it is not true that her now-former husband was the source of the CIGIE complaint. Despite Zinser’s speculation, designed to throw the CIGIE Integrity Com-mittee off his trail, Committee staff has spoken at length on multiple occasions to the indi-
vidual who filed the anonymous complaint. The complainant is a person in the IG commu-nity not related to either Zinser’s girlfriend or her former husband. This counter-allegation by Mr. Zinser fits with a long pattern of behavior he has displayed in trying to deflect criticism or questions by making assertions about the motivations or integrity of those who question 
or challenge him. 
As to the relationship between Mr. Zinser 
and his Assistant IG for Administration, The Washington Post asked Mr. Zinser about it for an article they wrote about him on July 17, 2014. According to that article, ‘‘Zinser said there was nothing improper about him hiring a highly qualified manager who was a close per-sonal friend. He said the romantic nature of their relationship predated her coming to work for him.’’ Mr. Zinser seems to have forgotten that he told CIGIE that there was no romantic element to their relationship. 
The combination of misleading claims Mr. 
Zinser made to CIGIE regarding both his rela-tionship with the close friend he hired and the ‘‘business’’ necessity of hiring her into his of-fice appears to be an intentionally false nar-rative spun by Mr. Zinser to cover up his own unethical behavior. CIGIE’s Integrity Com-mittee accepted Mr. Zinser’s explanation on April 28, 2011 and closed the complaint with-out further investigation. The Integrity Com-mittee was operating in the dark regarding the extensive evidence my own Committee’s staff has obtained that this hiring was improper and that Mr. Zinser was misleading them as to the real facts of his conduct. 
What have we learned from this case? That 
Mr. Zinser has corrupted the Federal hiring process and the Senior Executive Service ap-pointment process. That Mr. Zinser was willing to make false allegations about another to avoid having to answer for his own actions. That Mr. Zinser was willing to mislead the In-tegrity Committee of CIGIE, a body estab-lished to investigate questionable activities or mismanagement of IGs. That Mr. Zinser was willing to lecture another senior official for con-duct that is no more disturbing than his own. All in all, this does not sound like the conduct we should expect from an Inspector General. We also have learned that Ms. Cohn was will-ing to act with accountability for her actions— she retired in the wake of the IG’s report— while Mr. Zinser clings to his position in the face of substantial evidence that he is not fit to serve. 
The second 2014 PTO report by the DOC 
IG’s office to capture public attention involved abuse of time and attendance practices. In July 2014, the DOC OIG released a report en-titled, ‘‘Review of Waste and Mismanagement at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board,’’ OIG Case 13–1077–I, U.S. Department of Com-merce, Office of Inspector General, Office of Investigations, July 28 2014. In a memo-randum dated the same day, Zinser wrote to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property regarding their findings. Mr. Zinser’s summary of findings said, ‘‘Our inves-tigation uncovered waste in the PTAB that persisted for more than four years (2009–13) and resulted in the misuse of federal re-sources totaling more than $5 million. The bulk of the wasted resources related to PTAB’s paralegals, who had insufficient work-loads and considerable idle time during those years.’’ According to the July 2014 OIG report as 
many as 95% of the PTAB paralegals were in-volved in the PTO’s Patent Hoteling Program (PHP), the agency’s largest telework program. 
This apparent successful report takes on a 
different light when one realizes that in Feb-ruary 2012 the Commerce OIG released an audit of the PTO’s Patent Hoteling Program that labelled it a great success. The title of the IG’s audit report, ‘‘The Patent Hoteling Pro-gram Is Succeeding as a Business Strategy,’’ and news headlines at the time reporting on the IG’s findings described how the IG audit praised the PTO’s telework program: ‘‘Tele-working PTO employees process more pat-ents, less expensive,’’ declared one headline. 
It is difficult to know how auditors from the 
IG’s office could have so completely missed the signs of waste, fraud and abuse that have now been widely identified in this program. Just as hard to explain is why Mr. Zinser ini-tially turned these allegations over to the agency to investigate, just as he had in the NWS financial misconduct case. Again, there may have been violations of law, and the sums of money involved were not insignificant. 
On November 18, 2014 the House Over-
sight and Government Reform and Judiciary Committees held a joint congressional hearing about the PTO’s telework program. During his sworn testimony Mr. Zinser was asked by my friend, Ms. Lofgren of California, why his office turned the PTAB investigation back to the PTO. His response was because ‘‘none of those allegations made specific allegations against specific individuals that would warrant us opening up a criminal investigation,’’ he said. 
Mr. Zinser’s statement was not accurate, 
however. One complaint that the IG’s office re-ceived on its Hotline in February 2013 identi-fied ONE DOZEN specific individuals at the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) by name, including the chief judge of the Board and two administrators, who were knowingly approving non-production time of PTO em-ployees, according to the allegation. Despite the fact that ‘‘specific allegations’’ were made ‘‘against specific individuals’’ this complaint was referred to PTO by the Commerce OIG, which requested PTO conduct an administra-tive inquiry. 
The Committee has learned that the PTO 
did a thorough evaluation of the PTAB time and attendance issues, substantiated the alle-gations, concluded that there were problems with time and attendance reporting, and that steps should be taken to clean up the system with significant savings possible. 
The IG’s staff received the PTO’s audit re-
port of the PTAB time and attendance issues, and senior leadership at the IG’s office real-ized they could not claim the significant mone-tary savings, in the millions of dollars, associ-ated with the PTO report because they can only claim savings associated with their own work. To attempt to take credit for those sav-ings, the OIG launched an audit that re-did the PTO’s work. That OIG report was released in July 2014 and received widespread media coverage with story titles such as ‘‘IG uncov-ers substantial waste at USPTO, says para-legals ‘paid to do nothing,’ ’’ and ‘‘This May Be The Worst Abuse of Federal Telework Ever.’’ Thus, to claim savings already identified by the agency, the IG wasted staff time and re-sources on a repetitive audit, and then worked the press to claim the credit for finding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.022 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2088 March 26, 2015 
problem. All this while conveniently forgetting 
that nearly 21⁄2years earlier, the IG was prais-
ing the very same telework program that he later said had wasted money during that same time period. 
What does this case teach us? That Mr. 
Zinser was willing to spend taxpayer dollars to get the credit for saving taxpayer dollars. It also shows that he was willing to mislead a senior Member of the House regarding why he had initially passed on carrying out this inves-tigation. Finally, Mr. Zinser promised to pro-vide documentation in response to Ms. Lofgren’s questions, but in his submission for the record he went back on that promise by saying he would only provide those materials if he received a letter from the Chairman of the Committee. 
Identifying savings is important for this IG 
because, on balance, Mr. Zinser is one of the least productive IGs in the federal govern-ment. According to the GAO, which is working to report on this office’s productivity based on my request, the average Cabinet-level IGs re-covered $22.64 for each dollar they spent from 2011 to 2013. By comparison, the Com-merce OIG recovered just $4.18 for each dol-lar it spent. In addition, 95% of the Commerce OIG’s savings came from joint investigations with other federal law enforcement agencies, and so much of these savings were claimed on work that may have been led by another IG or office. 
Now, let me return to the story that gave ad-
ditional momentum to our investigative activi-ties: the fate of the whistleblower retaliation case before OSC. As I said, I learned of that case through reading of it in the press in De-cember of 2012. Much of my staff’s subse-quent work was about getting more informa-tion regarding that case, which was being in-vestigated by OSC. Everyone in this institution knows that the Congress relies on whistle-blowers to do our oversight work. IGs are in the same position: they must be trusted by whistleblowers or they will not learn of prob-lems in their agency. Congress feels so strongly about this that there is an entire sec-tion in the IG Act, Section 7, which addresses the role of IGs in receiving allegations and in protecting whistleblowers from retaliation. The idea that senior officials in the IG’s office would retaliate against whistleblowers is incon-ceivable, but that is what the OSC case sug-gested happened in Mr. Zinser’s office. 
To its credit, OSC worked that case very, 
very diligently. The OSC issued a report in September 2013 that found Mr. Zinser’s two closest aides—his legal counsel and the Prin-cipal Assistant Inspector General for Investiga-tions and Whistleblower Protection—had en-gaged in what amounted to a coordinated ef-fort to gag whistleblowers in the IG’s own of-fice from reporting misconduct to the OSC, the Congress or the press. 
The OSC’s ‘‘Report on Prohibited Personnel 
Practices’’ concluded: ‘‘In this matter, OSC’s investigation uncovered willful, concerted acts of retaliation that necessitate disciplinary ac-tion. Holding management accountable for en-gaging in prohibited personnel practices is es-sential to assuring employees that they can blow the whistle or engage in other protected activity without fear of reprisal.’’ 
According to the OSC report: ‘‘The record is 
also replete with evidence establishing that PAIGI [Rick] Beitel retaliated against the whis-tleblowers by drafting their unfounded failing interim performance appraisals. . . . The evi-
dence demonstrates that PAIGI Beitel was motivated to retaliate against the whistle-blowers for their engagement in protected activity and/or their perceived whistle- blowing. . . . PAIGI Beitel’s behavior is par-ticularly egregious based on his position as the OIG’s expert on whistleblower protection,’’ the OSC determined. 
While the OSC could find no ‘‘documentary 
evidence’’ that Mr. Zinser was involved in the case, every member of Mr. Zinser’s staff that the Committee staff has spoken with who had experience of Mr. Zinser’s management prac-tices indicates that he rarely writes his direc-tions down, instead relying on face-to-face meetings and oral directions. These witnesses also indicate that the PAIGI, Mr. Beitel, would never act on something this significant without clearing it with the IG. This is the same close, personal friend whose career Mr. Zinser saved by bringing him in from the Department of Transportation. The two had worked together since the early 1990s and were perceived by staff across both IG offices to have a very close working relationship of a mentor and mentee. In court documents unrelated to their federal employment Rick Beitel acknowledged that Todd Zinser was his ‘‘close friend and personal confidant’’ and that they routinely so-cialize with one another outside of work. 
Mr. Zinser took no significant steps to pun-
ish either his good friend Rick Beitel or the other Commerce OIG official after receiving the OSC report. As a result of the OSC inves-tigation and findings IG Zinser agreed to take twelve minimal actions, including the destruc-tion of the coerced ‘‘interim performance ap-praisals’’ the whistleblowers were forced into signing, Mr. Beitel was removed from ‘‘super-visory’’ duties for one year, both officials were required to take ‘‘performance counseling,’’ and the Commerce OIG was required to hire an ‘‘employee relations’’ specialist. 
But two officials who had used their position 
to threaten to destroy the professional careers of whistleblowers if they did not agree to gag orders denying them access to the Congress or the OSC should really not be in senior lead-ership positions in any office of the govern-ment, and especially not in an IG’s office. That is my strong view, and I am not alone in think-ing so. 
After receiving a copy of this report and 
learning that no significant punishment had been meted out by Mr. Zinser, all seven Mem-bers of our Subcommittee on Oversight—four Republicans and three Democrats—wrote to Mr. Zinser on April 1, 2014. The real driving force in pushing this letter was my friend, Mr. Sensenbrenner. The letter said that Mr. Zinser should ‘‘immediately terminate’’ the two senior Commerce OIG officials who were found by OSC to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices against whistleblowers in his office. 
Mr. Zinser responded on April 15, 2014, ex-
pressing doubts about the credibility of OSC’s work and the legal basis for their findings. In-credibly, Mr. Zinser reiterated all of the know-ingly inaccurate claims about the whistle-blowers—essentially repeating the lies that OSC had found Mr. Beitel to have concocted to damage their careers and reputations. OSC thoroughly documented those claims to be in-appropriate, misleading and simply false. Nev-ertheless, Mr. Zinser knowingly used those false claims again, further defaming his former employees. This was not the first time Mr. Zinser had 
used these false, derogatory allegations to protect his office from tough questions. On January 7, 2013, Mr. Zinser wrote a 52 page letter to then Congressman Frank Wolf, Chair-man of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. Wolf had raised questions regarding the OSC investiga-tion that was then underway. 
Mr. Zinser’s letter defended the actions of 
his two top aides and reiterated the false alle-gations they had made against whistleblowers in the IG’s office as if those claims were unshakable truths. For someone who claimed to OSC that he knew nothing about his aides’ actions, Zinser seemed very comfortable de-fending their behavior and attacking the vic-tims. 
It is important to note that even after the 
OSC report found that there was no merit to any of these allegations, Mr. Zinser continued to leave his letter to Chairman Wolf up on his public web site, perpetuating false claims that defamed innocent former employees, and standing as a warning sign to other whistle-blowers that their reputations were at risk should they challenge Mr. Zinser. 
After this spirited defense of his closest staff 
and his refusal to take any noteworthy steps to punish them for their significant misdeeds even in the wake of OSCs findings, Mr. Zinser suddenly changed direction in August 2014 when he announced that both officials were to be placed on leave and a decision about ter-mination would be made within 30 days. In the end, Mr. Zinser’s legal counsel was terminated and his PAIGI—and close friend—was allowed to retire. This was a dramatic 180 degree turn from his previous public statements about the actions of these top aides. 
Despite his outrageous conduct and 
botched management choices, Mr. Zinser was not found by OSC in their 2013 report to have known about the treatment of the whistle-blowers. The OSC, however, was careful to say they found no ‘‘documentary evidence’’ re-garding Mr. Zinser’s knowledge of the actions of his two senior most staff. This lack of docu-mentation saved him from any personal con-sequences as a result of the OSC report. 
However, I believe it is important to tell my 
colleagues that Mr. Zinser had been named in a prior OSC report. That earlier report found he had personally engaged in retaliation against a whistleblower in his office. The simi-larities between the 1996 case and this 2013 case—both built around a concocted tissue of lies to remove or silence a whistleblower—are striking enough to suggest that perhaps OSC should have looked harder for evidence of Mr. ZinserIs involvement in the more recent case. 
The Committee has uncovered a 1996 case 
in which Todd Zinser, then the Deputy Assist-ant IG for Investigations at the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General (DOT OIG), personally retaliated against Mr. John Deans. We have all the relevant filings and my staff has even spoken with Mr. Deans. Retired from law enforcement now, at the time of this case Mr. Deans was a former FBI agent working as a DOT OIG GS–12 Special Agent, criminal investigator. Deans was as-signed to the Denver office, and while there he found what he believed to be compelling evidence that federal funding for the Denver International Airport was being illegally redi-rected to support local projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.024 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2089 March 26, 2015 
Deans briefed Mr. Zinser and two other 
DOT OIG officials on his case. Importantly, Deans suggested to others that very senior Federal officials may have been aware of this possible diversion of federal funds. 
Mr. Zinser travelled to Denver a few days 
after he learned of Deans’ comments about the potential knowledge of senior Federal offi-cials regarding this alleged diversion. Soon after, Mr. Zinser flew to San Francisco to see if the Special-Agent-in-Charge (SAC) of the San Francisco office of the DOT OIG would be willing to have Deans detailed to his office. It is not clear what Zinser told the Special Agent in Charge about Deans but the Special Agent advised Zinser to have an ‘‘impartial in-vestigator’’ look into the allegations against Deans. Instead, Mr. Zinser decided to inves-tigate the Deans matter himself. Zinser had Mr. Deans transferred to San Francisco, then had him placed on administrative leave and ul-timately had him fired. 
In response to Mr. Zinser’s actions, Deans 
appealed to the Office of Special Counsel (OSC), which supported his complaint that this was retaliation for his work. OSC sought a stay of the transfer of Deans to San Fran-cisco. On the same day the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) ordered that Mr. Deans be returned to his post in Denver, Mr. Zinser placed Deans on administrative leave. 
Todd Zinser’s behavior was considered so 
outlandish by the OSC that the Office filed a ‘‘Petition for Enforcement’’ against Todd Zinser with MSPB. OSC asked that, ‘‘The [Merit Sys-tems Protection] Board should order Zinser to immediately assign Deans the duties of his former GS–12 special agent, criminal investi-gator, position. Moreover . . . the Board should order that Todd Zinser not receive pay-ment for service as an employee from May 23, 1996, until Deans is returned to his former po-sition, i.e., until the agency complies with the Board’s May 23, 1996, Opinion and Order.’’ 
What did OSC think of the substance of the 
case Mr. Zinser had made against Deans to justify his actions? They thoroughly inves-tigated Mr. Zinser’s claims—reinterviewed wit-nesses, collected documents and deposed the principal players. OSC found, ‘‘(A)s addressed in detail below, the evidence established that the specific charges that formed the basis for Deans’ removal are unsupportable. . . . The evidence does not support any of these alle-gations. On the other hand, it is clear that Deans’ removal was ordered at the behest of Deputy Assistant Inspector General (DAIG) for Investigations Tod[d] Zinser, who strongly ob-jected to Deans’ protected conduct.’’ OSC in-vestigators in 1996 concluded that Mr. Zinser’s actions towards Deans were ‘‘draconian in na-ture’’ and ‘‘motivated by animus.’’ They deter-mined Mr. Zinser took these actions because Deans ‘‘discovered violations and politically embarrassing information about high-level government officials and community leaders.’’ 
As a result of these findings against Mr. 
Zinser, Deans had to be rehired and restored to a post in Denver. Deans was repaid almost a year of back pay and benefits. On top of this, the government had to pay over $10,000 in Mr. Deans’ attorney fees. In short, the tax-payer had to pay the bill for Mr. Zinser’s out-rageous and indefensible conduct towards this whistleblower. 
Mr. Speaker, it is reasonable for Members 
to wonder how someone with this kind of his-tory of abuse against a whistleblower could possibly have been confirmed by the Senate 
to the post of Inspector General. I wondered that too. It turns out, based on witness testi-mony and extant documents, that Mr. Zinser never disclosed the OSC case to either the White House or the Senate during his con-firmation process. 
The Senate routinely submits questionnaires 
to potential IGs with questions that must be filled out. That questionnaire asks about legal, ethical or other cases that the Committee should be aware of in considering his nomina-tion. In response to that specific question Mr. Zinser wrote, ‘‘I have never been disciplined or cited for a breach of ethics.’’ The question-naire also asked: ‘‘Please advise the Com-mittee of any additional information, favorable or unfavorable, which you feel should be dis-closed in connection with your nomination.’’ Mr. Zinser wrote simply ‘‘None.’’ 
None? A potential IG does not think it is rel-
evant to the confirmation process to acknowl-edge that he was found to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices? Mr. Zinser was asked by a Washington Post reporter why he did not disclose this case during his confirma-tion. In a story on Mr. Zinser published by the Washington Post on July 17, 2014, Mr. Zinser told the Post that he did not disclose the case because, ‘‘I just never thought of myself as a subject [of the investigation], although maybe I was’’. 
More recently, in January 2015, Mr. Zinser 
responded to a Question For the Record (QFR) from my friend, Ms. L
OFGREN , regarding 
the same matter. In that response, Mr. Zinser gave a lawyerly answer, ‘‘it is my under-standing that the subject [of the investigation] was the Department of Transportation, Office of Inspector General.’’ Technically that is true because under the law, cases filed with the OSC name the office that is responsible for the alleged misconduct, not the individual. Similarly, lawsuits filed against an agency name the head of the agency in their official capacity regardless of whether that official has any personal knowledge of the matter or not. However, this artful response suggests that the case had nothing to do with Mr. Zinser. Let me be clear: The case only existed be-cause of Mr. Zinser’s personal misconduct, and he was squarely the subject of the allega-tions of prohibited personnel practices. 
The OSC’s key document in the John 
Deans case—the OSC’s ‘‘request for stay’’— refers to Todd Zinser BY NAME 53 separate times in a 26-page report. In addition, this document makes it exceedingly evident that Todd Zinser was the sole individual in the De-partment of Transportation IG’s office who was believed to have retaliated against John Deans. Looking at the OSC records, it is evi-dent that the Office found Mr. Zinser person-ally investigated Deans, personally con-structed unsupported findings against Deans to be used to justify adverse employment ac-tions, personally ordered those actions, and personally resisted setting things right when OSC and the MPRB ordered the DOT OIG to do so. Of all the employees at the DOT OIG’s office, only Todd Zinser was singled out by OSC for punishment by way of seeking that his salary be withheld. 
The 1996 case was specifically built on Mr. 
Zinser’s misconduct just as the 2013 report by OSC is specifically about misconduct by Mr. Zinser’s two closest (now former) aides. Had Mr. Zinser divulged his role in the Deans case at the time of his confirmation, it is highly un-
likely he would have been confirmed as the Commerce Inspector General. The actions taken by Mr. Zinser in the John Deans case, and described in detail in the OSC documents, are all antithetical to the behavior and ethical 
grounding that the public deserves and that Congress expects of an Inspector General. He showed no remorse about his conduct at that time. Similarly, he showed no sympathy for the victims of his aides’ abuse in 2013. His ini-tial reaction to the 2013 report was to protect those officials from the consequences of their actions as documented in the OSC report. He maintained that position for months, even under pressure from the Committee on Science, Space & Technology where I am the Ranking Member. 
For any IG to be associated with two whis-
tleblower retaliation cases of this kind would be an indelible stain on their reputation. How-ever, as my staff talked to more employees of 
the IG’s office, we learned that these two cases do not mark the end of whistleblower retaliation at his office. We know of other re-cent instances of Mr. Zinser expressing his belief that specific individuals that he person-ally named were cooperating with our Com-mittee or making protected complaints to OSC. We also know that these individuals were targeted in different ways for adverse ac-tions in order to convince them to leave or to remove them from the office. Separately, one senior OIG official was placed on ‘‘Administra-tive Leave’’ immediately after they contacted the Office of Special Counsel. That individual has since left the IG’s office for another fed-eral agency. We also know that the current Deputy Inspector General had, as of several months ago, obtained and retained the entire email records of two former and one current high level IG staff, including two of her prede-cessors—all of whom were viewed by Mr. Zinser as disloyal to him or untrustworthy with the secrets of his office. One of those prede-cessors is a sitting, Senate-confirmed Inspec-tor General at another Federal agency. 
There is no legitimate reason to have col-
lected and then retained the emails of those three senior staff, including two former Deputy IGs. There is certainly no justification for the current Deputy IG, widely viewed as being the closest current personal aide to Mr. Zinser, to be carrying those records on her laptop com-puter’s hard drive. What would such records be used for? It is impossible to know, but we do know that there was a search and analysis of one of those former Deputy IG’s email records. A memorandum was prepared based on that search documenting the exchanges between the former-Deputy and a woman who had applied for a position within the OIG, who was a family friend. Mr. Zinser was clearly aware of this relationship since the woman was a reference for the former Deputy IG who was called as a reference by Mr. Zinser when the former Deputy IC applied for his job. 
Based on information obtained by Com-
mittee staff it seems clear that Mr. Zinser was simply searching for anything he might un-cover in his former Deputy’s emails that Mr. Zinser might be able to use against him, since the former Deputy had fallen out of favor with Mr. Zinser. 
When employee emails are to be pulled, 
there is a policy in place at the DOC Office of Inspector General that requires Mr. Zinser to personally sign a memorandum to the Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.025 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2090 March 26, 2015 
Information Officer requesting specific mate-
rials be produced. This policy has been in place since October 2012. However, in the last year, in particular, this policy has been largely set aside, permitting other OIG staff in Mr. Zinser’s chain of command to authorize the collection of Commerce OIG employees’ e-mails invoking Zinser’s authority and with his clear knowledge and, in some cases, specific direction but without his actual signature. That occurred in the case of the former Deputy IG. 
The IT staff in the IG’s office has had to 
comply with these requests even though they violate a policy Mr. Zinser himself put in place. This is an example of a long-standing issue in Mr. Zinser’s management style—he estab-lishes policies and then ignores or stretches them without any warning to those who work for him. This creates an environment where it is easy for the IG to claim someone has vio-lated policy if he wants to punish them be-cause the policy environment is constantly and mysteriously shifting. 
The pulls of email records, the targeting of 
suspected whistleblowers, the adverse em-ployee actions taken in retaliation for protected disclosures are all widely known and dis-cussed by employees within the Department of Commerce OIG’s office. We have heard from many whistleblowers that they fear that if Mr. Zinser is not removed, there will be—in the words of more than one of these individ-uals—’’a bloodbath’’—in the office. As soon as Mr. Zinser believes no one is looking, he will begin to take steps to invent allegations against individuals he wants to retaliate against—as he did against Mr. Deans and as his close aides did against OIG investigative staff in 2011—the case which led to the 2013 OSC report—and then take steps to remove them. People are frightened, and given Mr. Zinsers prior conduct they have good reason to fear him and his potential actions. 
The last whistleblower issue I wish to raise, 
Mr. Speaker, is that Mr. Zinser has let his of-fice fall out of compliance with the U.S. Code 33 specifically, 5 U.S. Code § 2302 (prohibited personnel practices). That provision estab-lishes the Office of Special Counsel’s (OSC’s) 2302(c) Certification Program and requires that Federal agency managers participate in training regarding the rights of whistleblowers and their right to make protected disclosures. 
Last year the White House directed agen-
cies to take affirmative steps to complete the OSC certification program. According to the Commerce OIG’s own web-site ‘‘That provi-sion charges ‘[t]he head of each agency’ ’’ with responsibility for ‘‘ensuring (in consultation with the Office of Special Counsel) that agen-cy employees are informed of the rights and remedies available to them’’ under the prohib-ited personnel practice and whistleblower re-taliation protection provisions of Title 5.’’ As the head of the IG’s office it is Todd Zinser’s responsibility to ensure his office is certified under this program. The Commerce OIG web- site currently states ‘‘OIG has been certified by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) for conducting training and promoting aware-ness of provisions of the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act, 5 U.S.C. § 2302(c).’’ 
However, the OSC has confirmed to Com-
mittee staff that the Commerce OIG’s whistle-blower protection certification required under 5 U.S. Code § 2302 lapsed in September 2014. Six months later the Commerce IG’s office still has made no attempts to recertify. According to multiple Commerce OIG sources as well as 
documentary evidence obtained by the Com-mittee, Mr. Zinser’s new Deputy IG Morgan Kim has specifically directed multiple OIG staff not to attempt to recertify. 
I wish that I could provide more definitive 
accounts of all the misconduct that has been going on in Mr. Zinser’s office, but the truth is that Mr. Zinser refused to comply with the Committee’s document requests. Mr. Zinser and his Deputy IG actively worked to obstruct the Committee’s investigation. These two top officials have been behind a campaign to in-timidate staff into not cooperating with the Committee by pushing some to get lawyers, even though they were not the target of the in-vestigation, and by reminding people that if they say something quotable during interviews with the Committee it may end up in the Washington Post or a Committee Report. 
One individual widely known within the of-
fice to be particularly close to Mr. Zinser pres-sured OIG staff to call the Committee to report the ‘‘positive’’ aspects of Mr. Zinser’s manage-ment. Several individuals have told the Com-mittee they felt this was both completely inap-propriate and an attempt to coerce individuals into taking part in these efforts to obstruct the Committee’s investigation. 
IG Zinser has also attempted to ‘‘paper’’ the 
Committee with a voluminous production of materials wildly unresponsive to our document requests. Since the Committee’s August 2014 request letter, the Committee has received less than two boxes of responsive materials and 17 boxes of completely unresponsive ma-terial. Some material provided showed a com-plete lack of concern for their contents for they included sensitive personally identifiable infor-mation, such as social security numbers of Commerce OIG employees, private phone numbers and birthdates. 
Meanwhile, we know that the materials we 
were seeking were going through an extraor-dinarily slow search and review process within the OIG. None of that material was ever deliv-ered to the Committee. Committee investiga-tors cannot recall any comparable example of such a complete failure to comply with a docu-ment request—even from private parties— across a quarter century of Committee inves-tigations. The idea that an Inspector General, who has an obligation to cooperate with Con-gress that goes beyond that expected of any other Executive branch official, would fail to comply with a request from a Committee of the House is simply unfathomable. 
The Committee sent two bipartisan docu-
ment request letters to IG Todd Zinser on July 16, 2014 and August 26, 2014. The July letter requested documents related to Mr. Zinser’s inappropriate hiring of the former Assistant IG for Administration and Rick Beitel, including copies of relevant records from his personal work journals. The letter warned Mr. Zinser: ‘‘These journals represent official records and we remind you that such records should not be removed from the office nor tampered with in any way. The Committee intends to con-tinue to examine the conduct and productivity of your office, and we consider your journals to be important evidence in that effort,’’ the let-ter said. On August 26th the Committee sent a second letter to IG Zinser demanding docu-ments concerning multiple allegations that Mr. Zinser was inappropriate collecting and moni-toring his employees’ e-mails in a hunt for po-tential whistleblowers in his office. Six days after IG Todd Zinser received that 
second letter informing him of the Committee’s knowledge that he was hunting for whistle-blowers in his own office, the Inspector Gen-eral was seen using his personal hand-truck to remove two banker’s boxes of materials to his car. This occurred on Labor Day, Monday, September 1, 2014, a federal holiday when few witnesses would have been on site at the Department of Commerce. Furthermore, the Committee has evidence that IG Zinser con-ducted his removal of this materiel with great haste. He was in and out of his office with his two boxes of material inside of 30 minutes. Al-though there is no way to know what Mr. Zinser removed from his office over Labor Day weekend, the timing of his actions is highly 
suspicious and raises serious questions about his efforts to obstruct the Committee’s inves-tigation. 
The Committee is aware of at least one 
more incident where records were removed from his office and destroyed. Since he is under a microscope, actions of removing or destroying records cannot help but be seen as obstructionist in nature and his cavalier dis-regard for the effects of this on his reputation and the opinion of others—even senior mem-bers of a Committee with broad jurisdiction over his Department—highlights the serious mismatch between Mr. Zinser and the ethical and professional requirements of serving as an Inspector General. 
Mr. Zinser also invoked attorney-client privi-
lege to prevent witnesses from fulfilling their obligation to speak to the Committee, and to withhold materials responsive to our request. As a common law, non-Constitutionally de-rived concept, attorney-client privilege is not recognized by Congress as a legitimate rea-son to withhold information during Congres-sional inquiries. While I understand that pri-vate parties sometimes have a particular con-cern with defending this privilege, I cannot fathom how a Senate-confirmed government employee, using government lawyers paid with tax dollars, can think that the work of those at-torneys could be considered privileged from review by Congress. 
Never in the last quarter century of Com-
mittee investigations has an official in a statu-torily-established Federal office attempted to withhold materials or testimony using this claim of attorney-client ‘‘privilege.’’ The usual accommodation is for an agency to provide the records or testimony, while noting that they believe the materials should be treated with care. Frankly, OIG attorneys are routinely released from this privilege in order to cooper-ate with OSC and EEO investigations. The Congress should not be treated any less co-operatively than those offices, but Mr. Zinser would not release the attorneys to answer questions. His former counsel, who had been found by OSC to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices, very much wanted to speak with the Committee as he believed he had evidence that might exonerate him as well as implicate Mr. Zinser. IG Zinser specifically intervened to prevent this former employee from talking to Committee staff about illegal activities that he believes he had witnessed during his work for Mr. Zinser. This misuse of attorney-client privilege, with a hidden threat to seek punishment by the Bar if an attorney de-cided their obligation to the Constitution out-weighed Mr. Zinser’s personal desire, is clear-ly abusive and appears motivated by a desire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.027 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2091 March 26, 2015 
to hide evidence of his misconduct from the 
Congress. 
I have not reached the end of the account 
of failed management and misconduct by Mr. Zinser. Just last month, the Department of 
Commerce’s Office of Civil Rights issued its findings in an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO case related to age discrimination and retaliation filed by a former Commerce OIG employee. The detailed 282-page report found that the Commerce OIG discriminated against the complainant in violation of the Age Dis-crimination in Employment Act of 1967 and re-taliated against him for filing his EEOC com-plaint ‘‘ in violation of non-retaliation provisions of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,’’ the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and ‘‘in violation of the EEOC regulations pro-hibiting retaliation.’’ In sworn testimony to EEOC investigators regarding the monitoring and examination of the former employee’s e- mails and files, the EEOC also found that Mr. Zinser’s ‘‘testimony does not fully mesh with the documentary evidence. . . .’’ 
The Commerce OIG has been ordered to 
compensate the employee for ‘‘backpay to remedy the change to lower grade he took due to the hostile work environment’’ in the IG’s office; expunge its official files of the inac-curate interim performance appraisal the em-ployee was coerced into signing and any re-lated document; provide all supervisors in the Commerce OIG, including the IG and Deputy IG, with at least 8 hours of EEO training and require IG Todd Zinser to sign and post (for 60 days) a notice to all OIG employees that the office has been found in violation of age discrimination and retaliated against former Commerce OIG employee. The notice states that the OIG will abide by federal require-ments, equal employment opportunity laws and will not retaliate against employees who file EEO complaints in the future. The notice is supposed to be placed in center within the IG’s office or on the OIG intranet and is re-quired to be signed by IG Zinser. Mr. Zinser refused for two solid weeks to sign that notice. Only after my friend, Mr. Honda, asked IG Zinser about this matter during an appearance before the Appropriations Committee did Mr. Zinser finally sign the notice on February 25. 
Not for the first time, Mr. Zinser is going to 
rely on the taxpayer to cover the costs of his misconduct. There are more claims out there that will also cost the taxpayer to defend against and settle. In fact, during the last two years six employees in the IG’s office have filed complaints of retaliation with the Office of Special Counsel. The Department of Energy’s 
OIG, which is nearly twice as large as the Commerce IG’s office has had zero com-plaints of retaliation filed with OSC during this same period. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) OIG, which has a staff of more than 1,200 people and is nearly seven times the current size of the Commerce OIG had a single alleged case of retaliation filed with OSC in the same time frame. 
The issues I have identified reveal an en-
demic failing in Mr. Zinser’s leadership. There is a sustained pattern of misconduct and mal-feasance that would be unacceptable in any senior federal official but is particularly trou-bling for an Inspector General. Based on the exhaustive work by Committee staff, as well as Mr. Zinser’s representations to other Mem-bers, we have convincingly shown that: 
During his Senate confirmation for the Com-
merce IG post, Mr. Zinser failed to disclose a significant case against him involving his per-
sonal retaliation against a whistleblower; 
Over a period of many years, Mr. Zinser 
and his closest staff have engaged in efforts to identify and retaliate against whistleblowers in his office; 
Mr. Zinser has repeatedly misled the Con-
gress about his conduct, and took steps to ob-struct the Committee’s investigation into alle-gations of misconduct; 
Mr. Zinser has been disingenuous in his offi-
cial correspondence with the Council of the In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE) regarding inappropriate hiring in his office; 
Mr. Zinser has failed to conduct himself by 
ethical standards expected of an Inspector General; 
Mr. Zinser has engaged in inappropriate hir-
ing practices that undermine the integrity of federal hiring; and, 
Mr. Zinser has failed to establish policies 
and procedures in his office that would guar-antee accountability and efficiency. 
Mr. Speaker, how can this person still hold 
a high position of public trust? His continued presence in Federal service stands as a blot on our record, in that we have tolerated such conduct by an IG. We could impeach him, and I believe there is adequate information to jus-tify that. However, it would be time consuming and expensive, and while we worked through that process, the taxpayer would still be pay-ing the senior leadership of DOC OIG, and whistleblowers would still be legitimately wor-ried for their careers. That is unacceptable. 
We could ask CIGIE to redo the investiga-
tion my staff and the Committee did in the 113th Congress. I respect the CIGIE, but the cold truth is that CIGIE’s Integrity Committee is slow moving, and their prior failure to do diligent work into a serious allegation against Mr. Zinser leads me to question their respon-siveness—or at least the responsiveness they displayed four years ago. And as with im-peachment, it would be slow and expensive and whistleblowers would stand in danger every day the process dragged on. 
The law provides that the President can re-
move an IG without any requirement that CIGIE has first done an investigation. If an IG conducts themselves in an outrageous and 
disreputable way, it would be irresponsible to leave them in office once that has been estab-lished. I believe that Mr. Zinser’s wide-ranging misconduct, supported by just a tiny coterie of current senior staff, is sufficient in and of itself to justify immediate removal. I intend to ask the President to do just that. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have established 
the need for immediate change in the senior leadership of this office. The current leader-ship must be replaced with individuals who can serve as beacons of integrity and stew-ards of appropriate and diligent federal over-sight. If any Member wants a fuller recounting of the evidence in this case, I will be happy to provide them with additional information. 
That information provides as much docu-
mentation for my account as we can provide without compromising the position of whistle-blowers whose careers still stand at risk so long as Mr. Zinser and his closest senior lead-ers remain in their positions. I will extend that same offer to the President as I believe that his role under law complements my own obli-gations as a Member to reveal significant vio-lations of law that I believe we have uncov-ered. THE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH RATE 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I haven’t been in this office very long, but it doesn’t take long to pick up certain patterns of my Repub-lican colleagues. They find a way to hamstring immigration reform or pre-vent women from getting the right to choose at every possible opportunity. In the case of the SGR fix, a very im-portant bill that I am proud to have also voted for, Republicans have chosen the latter. 
At the risk of pointing out the obvi-
ous, Mr. Speaker, this is 2015. We can talk to our TV remotes. We have phones that show us in 3–D the nearest restaurants, and printers that print prosthetic limbs. 
In 1973, Motorola gave us the world’s 
first mobile phone. But 1973 was also the last time there was any question of whether or not a woman had the right to make her own decisions about her health, according to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
I am not the youngest Member of 
Congress, but I am one of the newest. So I would like to take this oppor-tunity to invite my Republican col-leagues to join me in the 21st century. Moving forward, I urge my colleagues to stop waging war on women’s right to make their own choices. 
f 
194TH ANNIVERSARY OF GREEK 
INDEPENDENCE 
(Mr. SARBANES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to mark the 194th anniversary of Greek independence, to recall the day that the Greek people established mod-ern Greece as a free and independent nation. 
America’s Founding Fathers drew 
upon the example of the ancient Greeks in forming our constitutional Republic. The relationship between Greece and the United States is based on shared democratic values and re-spect for individual freedom. The spirit that guided the Greek people in secur-ing their freedom nearly 200 years ago resides with them still. 
Today Greece faces tremendous chal-
lenges. We all acknowledge that. But I am confident that Greece will ulti-mately overcome its economic and hu-manitarian crisis and thrive again. A strong Greece will be able to take full advantage of new opportunities that are emerging in the eastern Mediterra-nean and move forward as a vital eco-nomic and cultural resource for a crit-ical region of the world. 
As we say each year when celebrating 
Greek Independence Day, long live Greece, long live America, long live freedom—Zito Ellada, Zito Ameriki, Zito Eleftheria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.028 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2092 March 26, 2015 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
April 14 will mark 1 year since Boko Haram kidnapped over 200 Nigerian schoolgirls. Since the schoolgirls’ kid-napping, Boko Haram has continued to torment and commit atrocities. 
Boko Haram has declared its alle-
giance to ISIS. They are beheading, raping, and stoning their victims, ramping up their use of social media, and making surprise attacks to inflict maximum casualties and spread fear. 
Mr. Speaker, just this morning, ABC 
News reported that Boko Haram is using hundreds of civilians as human shields, and the terrorist group report-edly abducted another 500 women and children just 48 hours before the Nige-rian Presidential elections. Nigerian officials remain very concerned about Boko Haram’s impact on Saturday’s Presidential election. President Obama issued a statement calling for calm in Nigeria. 
We cannot stand by, Mr. Speaker, 
while Boko Haram aligns itself with ISIS. Mr. Speaker, I call on my fellow Members of the House to join me in condemning the actions of Boko Haram. 
We will be watching what happens in 
Nigeria closely. And by tweeting #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson, the world will know we have not for-gotten. 
Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINT-
MENT OF DAVID M. RUBENSTEIN AS A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administra-tion be discharged from further consid-eration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 10) providing for the reappoint-ment of David M. Rubenstein as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ATCLIFFE ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
H.J. R ES. 10 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with 
section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of David M. Rubenstein of Maryland on May 7, 2015, is filled by the reappointment of the incumbent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 8, 2015, or the 
date of the enactment of this joint resolu-tion, whichever occurs later. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1230 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO THE 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administra-tion be discharged from further consid-eration of H. Res. 171, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 171 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. ELECTION OF MEMBERS TO JOINT 
COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING. 
(a) J OINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE  
LIBRARY .—The following Members are here-
by elected to the Joint Committee of Con-gress on the Library, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Administration and the chair of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Ap-propriations: 
(1) Mr. Harper. (2) Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania. (3) Ms. Zoe Lofgren of California. (b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING .—The 
following Members are hereby elected to the Joint Committee on Printing, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Admin-istration: 
(1) Mr. Harper. (2) Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois. (3) Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania. (4) Mr. Vargas. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN 
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I send to the desk a concur-rent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consider-ation in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 31 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Thursday, March 26, 2015, through Friday, April 10, 2015, 
on a motion offered pursuant to this concur-rent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, April 13, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN 
ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I send to the desk a concur-rent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consider-ation in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 32 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the Senate re-
cesses or adjourns on any day from Friday, March 27, 2015, through Monday, March 30, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or ad-journed until noon on Monday, April 13, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee in the motion to recess or adjourn, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate recesses or ad-journs on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, the Senate shall again stand recessed or adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolution. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, 
MARCH 26, 2015, TO MONDAY, MARCH 30, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.039 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2093 March 26, 2015 
when the House adjourns today on a 
motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Mon-day, March 30, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS 
TO COMMISSION TO STUDY THE POTENTIAL CREATION OF A NA-TIONAL WOMEN’S HISTORY MU-SEUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 3056 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing individuals on the part of the House to the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Wom-en’s History Museum: 
Mrs. Kathy Wills Wright, Arlington, 
Virginia 
The Honorable Marilyn Musgrave, 
Fort Morgan, Colorado 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to sections 5580 and 5581 of the revised statutes (20 U.S.C. 42–43), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: 
Mr. S
AMJOHNSON , Texas 
Mr. C OLE, Oklahoma 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
BRITISH-AMERICAN INTER-PARLIAMENTARY GROUP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276l, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the British-Amer-ican Interparliamentary Group: 
Mr. C
RENSHAW , Florida, Chairman 
Mr. L ATTA , Ohio 
Mr. A DERHOLT , Alabama 
Mr. H OLDING , North Carolina 
Mr. W HITFIELD , Kentucky 
Mr. R OE, Tennessee 
f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE FOR THE 
HONOR TO SERVE THE 18TH DIS-TRICT OF ILLINOIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illi-
nois (Mr. S
CHOCK ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. SCHOCK. Mr. Speaker, 6 years 
ago, I entered this Chamber and raised my right arm to take the oath of office as a Member of the United States House of Representatives. I remember feeling so excited about the oppor-tunity that lay ahead. I remember viv-idly this Chamber and all that it meant to me and to the country: the men and women debating the big issues of the day, not always agreeing, but always fighting without apology for what they believe in. 
Over the past 6 years, I have come to 
understand that this institution is far bigger than any one person, and that freedom itself is even more important than this institution. Some of the world’s greatest debates have occurred right here in this Chamber, for what happens here affects more than just the people of my district or even my coun-try. 
Over those 6 years, I have done my 
best to contribute constructively to the process and to serve the people of my district and my country. My guid-ing principle has always been rooted in the belief that Washington should only do what people cannot do for them-selves. 
I fought and opposed the billion-dol-
lar surplus bill, the government take-over of our health care, and the mas-sive new regulations put on small busi-nesses. But, more importantly, I fought for the people of my district so that their voice would be heard and re-spected by my colleagues, for I heard that voice in every vote that I have cast. 
But I also knew that being in the ma-
jority was key to making a difference. So I am proud of the work I have done to contribute to a Republican majority here in Congress—to begin to scale back the overreaches of a bloated Fed-eral Government and to begin to bend the curve on out-of-control spending. That has only happened because of a Republican majority, and I am proud to have played a role in building it. 
During this time, I saw how slow the 
Federal Government can be and how frustrating Congress can get, but I also learned that one man can make a dif-ference. Working with my Republican colleagues and across the aisle with my Democrat friends, we have been able to pass legislation that helped businesses across America create millions of jobs. Some of them have been located in my home district, but many more across this great country. There was, is, and will be so much to do, and I am hon-ored to have played a small part in making a real difference. 
But these accomplishments come 
with some frustrations as well, that this body doesn’t move quickly enough or as efficiently as it could to confront the challenges facing our country. I re-gret that I won’t be here when we fi-nally pass a smarter, simpler Tax Code so that every hard-working taxpayer in 
my district and across the country will know that Washington not only cares about them, but respects them and their sacrifice. And I will miss joining my colleagues in saving and strength-ening Social Security and Medicare that will directly improve the quality of life for millions of Americans for generations to come. 
To my constituents back home, the 
good, hard-working taxpayers whom I have been lucky enough to call friends, I will never be able to thank you enough for the opportunity you have given me to serve. Together we have tackled some of the big problems at home, like economic development projects, helping businesses expand, improving our locks and dams along our riverways, and so much more, projects that have helped improve the quality of life in our community. 
We have also tackled some small 
problems, but big problems to the peo-ple who have been facing them—folks looking for help adopting children overseas or simply trying to get an-swers from an unresponsive bureauc-racy here in D.C. Solving those indi-vidual cases has been extremely ful-filling. 
I am particularly grateful to have 
played a role in helping so many vet-erans get the respect they deserve and the benefits that they earned. 
I am proud of the good work that my 
team has delivered to the tens of thou-sands of constituents who have turned to our office in their time in need. My staff delivered for me because they de-livered for you every day, 24/7. 
I was never more excited than the 
day I walked into this Chamber 6 years ago. I leave here with sadness and hu-mility. For those whom I have let down, I will work tirelessly to make it up to you. 
I know that God has a plan for my 
life. The Good Book tells us that before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. I also know that every person faces ad-versity in life. Abraham Lincoln held this seat in Congress for one term, but few faced as many defeats in his per-sonal, business, and public life as he did. His continual perseverance in the face of these trials, never giving up, is something all of us Americans should be inspired by, especially when going through a valley in life. 
I believe that through life’s strug-
gles, we learn from our mistakes, and we learn more about ourselves. And I know that this is not the end of a story but, rather, the beginning of a new chapter. 
Thank you for the honor to serve. I 
look forward to keeping in touch with my friends in this Chamber and my friends across the 18th District. May God continue to bless this awesome in-stitution and the important role that it plays for America and the rest of the world. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.044 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2094 March 26, 2015 
BUDGET WEEK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for the 
remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the time, and I would like to start our time tonight by yielding to my friend from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ). 
WE BROUGHT BACK FIVE OF THE KIDNAPPED  
GIRLS  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Thank you, 
Representative W OODALL , for this 
honor and this pleasure. I am indebted to you forever. Thank you. 
I just finished making a speech about 
Boko Haram and girls who were kid-napped in Nigeria. Five of them are in the gallery today, and I thought it not robbery to recognize them and ask you who are listening to please tweet #bringbackourgirls and tweet #joinrepwilson. These young ladies were kidnapped, and they had the cour-age—the courage—to come to America to continue their education. They are right there in the gallery. 
Thank you, Representative W
OODALL . 
Mr WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, as you 
know, this is the conclusion of budget week here. I sit on the Budget Com-mittee. I enjoy budget week. It is a statement of our values as a nation. Where you put your money is where you are putting your emphasis. A lot of folks don’t want to put their money where their mouth is. We have a lot of mouths in this town. This is the week where everybody gets to put their money where their mouth is. 
One of those issues that we have been 
struggling with has been the issue of transportation funding. I come from a very conservative district in Georgia, Mr. Speaker, and one of the counties— I only represent two—one of those counties, Forsyth County, just voted to tax itself with a $200 million bond ini-tiative to widen a highway. Because we are the fastest growing county in the State, we sit in traffic hour upon hour upon hour. 
It is not that conservatives don’t 
want to tax themselves. It is that con-servatives don’t want to tax them-selves and then throw that money down a rat hole. If we can develop a trust that, if you tax a family a dollar that they will get a dollar’s worth of services—needed services, desired serv-ices—for that dollar, we would have a very different relationship with the Federal Government. 
b1245 
Mr. Speaker, I have up here a ref-
erence to article I, section 8, clause 7 of the United States Constitution which says: 
The Congress shall have the power to es-
tablish post offices and post roads. 
Commerce, at the time of the writing 
of our Constitution, Mr. Speaker, took place through the post office and those post roads. There was an obligation that our Founding Fathers recognized 
to develop routes of commerce so that goods could travel, so that messages could travel, so that people could trav-el. 
I say that because too often the con-
versation in Washington devolves into: Should we spend money at all, or should we spend obscene amounts of it that we have to borrow from our chil-dren? That is not the conversation we are having. We have a constitutional obligation to maintain, establish and maintain the post roads, those cor-ridors of commerce around this Nation. The Federal Government took that re-sponsibility on in one of the great building projects of our history, build-ing the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System. 
I want to build things, Mr. Speaker. 
So often this Congress gets involved in doing things that my community is doing just fine back home, that my county is doing just fine back home, that my State is doing just fine back home. And for some reason we think when the 435 of us gather together, we are going to come up with a better idea about how to better serve my commu-nity back home than my community back home has about how to serve my community. I think we get off track there. I think we get into those uncon-stitutional uses of power. Establishing post roads—one of those things our Founding Fathers asked the govern-ment to do, because, quite simply, no one else can build an interstate high-way system. It does no good for Geor-gia to have 12 lanes running to the Ala-bama border if Alabama doesn’t have a road when we get there. This is a col-laborative decision, and rightfully so. 
So how do we fund these highways, 
Mr. Speaker? We fund them primarily through what is called the highway trust fund, and the highway trust fund is funded through taxes on users of the highway system. I am a huge fan of user fees. If you don’t like to sit in traffic every morning, if you want to build an extra lane on your highway, as we are in Forsyth County, you should pay to build that extra lane on your highway. You shouldn’t ask somebody in Wyoming to pay to build the road in Georgia. We should build the road in Georgia. Users of the roads should pay for the roads. So that is what we do. 
What you can’t see here, Mr. Speak-
er, is a graph of how the highway trust fund is funded. Primarily, it is through a gas tax. It is 18.4 cents that comes out of every gallon of gas that Ameri-cans buy. That gas tax is primarily the funding mechanism. 
But we also tax diesel, so all the 
truckers who are on the road, every time you are driving down that two- lane highway and you wish the guy in front of you was going a little bit fast-er, just know that he is paying a lot in taxes while he is on that road. He is helping to build that road. Diesel taxes are higher than gasoline taxes, but be-cause there are fewer diesel vehicles on the road, bring in less revenue. We also have a tax on all trucks and 
trailers. We have a tax in this blue line on heavy vehicles, and we have a tax on tires. Again, all of these taxes come together not to tax one group of people to pay for another, but to tax users of our roads to pay for our roads. It has been a system that has served us fairly well in this Nation. 
But we haven’t raised that gas tax 
since the early 1990s. In the early 1990s, we set the gas tax at 18.4 cents a gal-lon, and we haven’t raised it since. Mr. Speaker, I am not in favor of raising taxes. I am in favor of paying less taxes. I am in favor of taking on more of that responsibility back home. 
But, again, in the case of post roads, 
we have to take on this responsibility. And the reason I am having this Spe-cial Order tonight, Mr. Speaker, is be-cause the highway trust fund expires in May. We have about 2 months to sort out all of the challenges of how do we fund the Interstate Highway System going forward. 
And for folks who say, Well, we have 
been funding it with an 18.4 cent gas tax for 25 years, why isn’t that good enough today? the answer is, it may be, it may be good enough today. But un-derstand that the buying power that we are getting out of that 18.4 cents has declined each and every year. Of course it has. The price of a Big Mac has gone up over the past 20 years, the price of a car has gone up over the past 20 years, the price of a home has gone up, the price of building roads has gone up, so the purchasing power that we are getting for our gas tax has gone down and down and down and down. Right now we are getting about 60 percent of the value out of that gas tax that we were getting when it was last changed in the early 1990s. 
Now, what is the impact of that? 
Well, it is not just that the value of the purchasing power is going down; the mileage we are getting in our cars is going up. 
My first car, Mr. Speaker—I don’t 
know what your first car was—mine was a 1971 Volkswagen camper. I had 59 horsepower in the back of that camper to drive me anywhere I wanted to go. If I coasted downhill and only used the accelerator a little bit uphill, I would max out about 35 miles an hour. But I could get 14 miles a gallon if I tried. If I tried to drive that camper as effi-ciently as I could, I could get 14 miles to the gallon. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, I am driving a 
Chevy Volt. Most of my driving is free. It is coming off the battery. I am not paying any gas taxes at all. When I do have to turn on the electric generator in that Chevy Volt, I am getting 40 miles to the gallon. Just in my life-time, the fuel efficiency is either tri-ple, based on an engine, or no gas tax at all because I am using electricity. 
This is what has happened. You go 
back to 1975, Mr. Speaker, this is the average miles per gallon that passenger cars and light trucks were getting. You get into the last half of the last decade, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.045 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2095 March 26, 2015 
you see that fuel efficiency is driving 
sharply forward, and the Obama admin-istration wants to drive that fuel effi-ciency even higher. I am in favor of using private industry to create more efficient solutions. I am in favor of being able to reduce the fuel costs of families across this country. But what that is going to do as families are buy-ing fewer and fewer gallons of gasoline is that the highway trust fund is going to get smaller and smaller and smaller. 
Take a look at what has happened 
with the highway trust fund, Mr. Speaker. Beginning back in, I would say, the early 1990s, when folks were buying lots of gasoline and fuel costs were relatively low, the economy was doing well. We were running a trust fund surplus. Again, all of this gas tax money is coming in from all of these sources. We were spending it on those priorities that we have in the Inter-state Highway System. Some of those priorities were building new interstate highways, some of those priorities were maintaining old interstate highways, some of those priorities were simply widening part of the Interstate High-way System. But we operated with a bit of a surplus in the transportation trust fund. 
The reason this conversation has to 
happen today, Mr. Speaker, is that folks are returning to their districts for 2 weeks, where they are going to be hearing from folks who are sitting in that traffic, where they are going to be hearing from folks whose contracts to build those highways are about to ex-pire. They are going to hear from their Governors and their state legislators who are no longer able to let the con-tracts for needed projects. Why? Be-cause the money is expiring in 2 months. We are starting to run a trust fund deficit. There is not enough money coming in to meet the current needs. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t really enjoy 
talking about the current needs. I didn’t run for Congress to be in the maintenance business. I ran for Con-gress to be in the transformation busi-ness. I am more than a little embar-rassed that what we are talking about here is, How do we maintain and im-prove the Eisenhower Interstate High-way System. Eisenhower was long gone from office before I was even born. 
We are talking about how to main-
tain this infrastructure. I would like to be in the driverless car infrastructure business. I would like to be in the hypersonic jet infrastructure business. But where we are, because the calendar dictates it, is: How do we continue to maintain safe highways just 2 months from now? 
You can’t see these tick marks, Mr. 
Speaker, but we are talking about in the ballpark of $50 billion a year that goes into this effort, thousands and thousands and thousands of miles of interstate highways around the coun-try, about $50 billion a year. The defi-cits are running down ultimately, by the end of our 10-year budget window, to almost $130 billion in highway defi-
cits. We have to find a way to meet those needs. 
We had a hearing in our committee 
just the other day, the Transportation Committee, Mr. Speaker, and I want to quote the mayor of Salt Lake City. He was there on behalf of the National League of Cities. This is not a notori-ously conservative organization. May-ors are a practical bunch by nature. They have to respond to the needs of all of their citizens. They are a rel-atively liberal bunch by nature. But he says this: 
I can tell you as someone who has 
spent a career working as a NEPA planner and lawyer that what has hap-pened with what I view as an abso-lutely great environmental law, the National Environmental Policy Act, is truly unfortunate. We have gone from processes that should be a year or year and a half to processes that are 5 to 7 years in many big transportation projects. 
NEPA is the Environmental Policy 
Act. That is what federally regulates all environmental decisions across the country, particularly as it relates to construction. 
Time is money, Mr. Speaker, in 
transportation projects. There is not a Member in this Chamber who wants to see environmental degradation in this country. There is not a Member in this Chamber who wants to see the sky is less blue or the grass less green. Every Member in this Chamber cares about children and grandchildren and the next generation. 
But here we have an advocate for the 
environmental protection laws that are available to us in this country and he says: Something has gone awry. We wrote this wonderful law in order to protect our environment, but now, in-stead of being able to complete needed projects in a year or 18 months, with litigation, special interest groups, these processes get dragged on for 5, 6, or 7 years, and that time means more money out of the highway trust fund in order to complete that project. 
So what are we going to do, Mr. 
Speaker, about these coming trust fund deficits? Well, one thing we can do is help to address the policy failures that are delivering less than a dollar’s worth of value to my constituents and your constituents for their dollar’s worth of gas tax. If I could build a project today with that dollar, I could get a dollar’s worth of value out of it, if I have to litigate the issue for 7 years, the value of that dollar is going to erode. I am going to have to waste that dollar on litigation costs. 
We can change the law, and we can 
do so in a bipartisan way that abso-lutely respects all of our commitments to environmental protection but allows us to complete these needed taxes. Be-cause I will tell you what doesn’t help global warming, Mr. Speaker, and that is folks sitting on Atlanta highways for an hour every day not moving. If you are concerned about the use of fossil fuels in this country, I promise you 
that having people move slower in At-lanta is not helping. We need those folks to be able to move more quickly to their goal. We will reduce emissions as a result. 
What else can we do, Mr. Speaker, as 
a body? What I have here—and I just chose the State of Georgia because it is that area that I know best—these are the Georgia statewide designated freight corridors. I live right up here, just outside of Atlanta, Mr. Speaker. I am right off I–85. That is Interstate 85, Federal Interstate 85, and that is des-ignated as a freight corridor. 
Our use of the roads is not just to get 
to and from the grocery store, of course, not just to get to and from school, but for farmers to get their produce from Iowa to our grocery store, for manufacturers to get their products from the computer factory in California to our schools. We had a na-tional interest in these freight cor-ridors. 
One of these freight corridors runs 
out I–16. It runs out to the Port of Sa-vannah. The Port of Savannah, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know if you know, it is the fastest-growing container port in the country, a container port being those ports that specialize in getting those 18-wheeler cargo containers off the ships, onto a chassis, delivering goods to where they need to go. Fast-
est-growing container port in the coun-try, it sits out here at the end of I–16. We have major construction projects to get all the product off those ships out across the southeastern United States. 
So this map of red lines, Mr. Speaker, 
represents not only interstate high-ways, but also some major Federal roads. I have got U.S. 1 listed here. U.S. 1, Mr. Speaker, as you may know, runs about, golly, about 2
1⁄2miles from 
this building. About 21⁄2miles west 
from this building you are going to hit U.S. 1. 
b1300 
U.S. 1 runs all the way down the east-
ern coast, from the great Northeast all the way down to Florida. It is a Fed-eral transportation corridor. What is not on this list, Mr. Speaker, for exam-ple, is U.S. Highway 29. It runs right past my house in Gwinnett County. 
It is a U.S. highway, and it consumes 
U.S. transportation dollars. While once upon a time it was a major corridor for moving nationally important equip-ment—freight, produce—today, it has become a sidebar. 
My question is: If we are limited with 
our dollars, can we be more discrimi-nating in choosing which roads have national importance? 
I told you the tale of Forsyth Coun-
ty, which I represent, Mr. Speaker, and of its having the $200 million bond ini-tiative to expand its major highway. Georgia 400 is its major highway. We don’t need the Federal Government to take care of every single square inch of pavement in this country. 
When we talked about establishing 
postal roads in 1787, there was kind of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.047 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2096 March 26, 2015 
the understanding that—of course, 
they had not contemplated pavement at all—if this were going to be a major maintained thoroughfare, we might have a Federal interest in it—not so anymore. 
I talked about U.S. 1, Mr. Speaker. 
U.S. 1 is right out here, about 2
1⁄2miles 
away, but it is just between Wash-ington, D.C., and Baltimore. The Fed-eral Government, with Federal tax dol-lars that are collected from all across the Nation, maintains three separate Federal roads. 
We maintain the Baltimore-Wash-
ington Parkway, which is a National Park Service road. We take care of U.S. 1, and we take care of Interstate 95. Those roads are never more than 5 miles from each other; yet, because tradition dictates it, we are spending national dollars to maintain three rel-atively duplicative pieces of highway. 
We have got to have that conversa-
tion. Maybe there is a reason unbe-knownst to me why it is we can’t just maintain one of those roads and why we have to maintain them all. 
The Federal Government doesn’t 
have to do everything for everybody, Mr. Speaker. We just have to make sure that those interstate corridors are being maintained, that those primary nationally designated freight corridors are being maintained. 
It is okay to leave the rest for com-
munities and States to handle. I want to give you an example. I am not pick-ing on anybody in particular. These projects go on all across the country, Mr. Speaker. 
You can see someone’s home right 
here. They have got some holly bushes out in front and a little maple tree here that has been planted on the right-of-way. What you see here are brand-new curbs and sidewalks and about a 3
1⁄2-foot bike lane that we spent 
a million Federal dollars to build. 
Now, assuming this family wants a 
giant curb and a big sidewalk and a bike lane in their front yard, I am glad they were able to get it. I am glad that we are planting maple trees in the right-of-way there. We are not quite mowing the grass in that space, but I hope the community is going to take on that challenge. 
This is not a major freight corridor. 
This is not an Interstate Highway Sys-tem. This is a small, small road some-where in America that $1 million worth of Federal taxpayer dollars are going to in order to beautify a street. 
Mr. Speaker, it comes from a pro-
gram called the Transportation Alter-natives Program. Over the last 2 years, that has been more than $1 billion going towards these kinds of projects, almost $2 billion. 
Let me tell you what kinds of big, 
important Federal projects are kind of rising to that constitutional level of building post roads for commerce. 
Anything that you build that relates 
to a sidewalk counts. Anything that you create relating to bicycle infra-structure counts. Traffic calming tech-niques—I don’t know what a traffic 
calming technique is, but if you can identify one, Mr. Speaker, we can pay for it out of this multibillion-dollar trust fund. 
The construction of turnouts, over-
looks, and viewing areas—Mr. Speaker, you do not want to be behind me when I am riding through a national park. You do not want to be behind me while I am going down that beautiful high-way in Virginia that is running all the way down to the great State of Georgia because I am driving slowly, sucking it all in, and am turning in to every turn-out along the way and am taking pic-tures. 
I love a good drive, particularly in 
the fall, but I promise you I do not need one taxpayer dollar paying for one turnout on one highway so that I can get a better picture. We have got an en-tire Georgia transportation and tour-ism board, Mr. Speaker. 
If we need a turnout in the great 
State of Georgia, if it is going to bring more tourist traffic to our area, if it is going to allow us to put in a small res-taurant where folks can stop and eat and enjoy our beautiful scenery, we will build that because tourists will de-mand it, and it will grow our economy. 
At a time when trust fund dollars 
have been eroded by inflation, at a time when we know we don’t have enough money coming in to maintain our current Interstate Highway Sys-tem, at a time that we are talking about raising taxes on the American consumer in order to provide those re-sources, isn’t it also time to end the non-Federal priority spending that is currently embedded in the Federal gas tax, like turnouts? 
Mr. Speaker, one of the projects that 
was built with that multibillion-dollar trust fund was down in the great State of Georgia. It is called the Silver Comet Trail. The truth is that we only have one really good, long bike trail in the entire metropolitan Atlanta area. It is the Silver Comet Trail, and it is fabulous. It is absolutely fabulous. 
If you go out there on any beautiful 
day, you are going to have joggers; you are going to have walkers; you are going to have bike riders; folks are going to be pushing strollers. It is a festival of humanity there on that bike trail. It is a wonderful, wonderful way to spend your day. We spent 3.7 million Federal dollars so that my neighbors and I could have a fabulous biking and walking trail in our backyard. It was not my idea. I was not in Congress at the time. 
We have got to ask ourselves: Is it 
worth raising taxes on the American driver and on American industry, which uses our roads, so that more local communities can build more fab-ulous bike trails in their own back-yards? 
I don’t ask my colleagues, Mr. Speak-
er, whether bike trails are valuable or not. I believe them to be so. I ask my colleagues whether or not metropolitan Atlanta, which is the most prosperous major metropolitan city in the entire 
Southeastern United States, can afford to build its own bike trails or whether or not we need to call on the rest of the Nation to aid us in that effort. 
Mr. Speaker, I have got another 
project here. It was only $60,000. Isn’t that sad when we get to this place where we start talking about projects that are only thousands and thousands of dollars? When you are managing a $3.8 trillion budget, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to keep track of the thousands. That is why we don’t want a big Fed-eral budget. We don’t want to be in the business of wasting money. 
$60,000 went to a project called Ped 
Flag. Now, this is in a small downtown area out West, and there is a crosswalk going across the street, and folks are concerned about pedestrian safety. There are pedestrian tragedies every year in this country and every year in my community. We certainly want to do everything we can to stop them. 
The $60,000 Ped Flag program goes to 
each end of a crosswalk, and it puts yellow flags in big buckets on each end of the crosswalk, Mr. Speaker, so that, when you are prepared to walk across the street, you can grab one of these flags, and you can wave it as you cross the street. 
The street is two lanes, but you can 
wave it as you cross those two lanes to make sure that drivers coming down that low speed limit thoroughfare don’t run into you. I think that is fabulous. I like a good parade, Mr. Speaker, and I love waving flags. 
My question to you is: With all of the 
challenges facing this Chamber—we have got Social Security that is going bankrupt; we have got Medicare that is going bankrupt; we live in a dangerous world with ISIS and Russia and Iran— is it the priority for the tax dollars that we have been entrusted with— really, that we have confiscated from the American people—to spend 60,000 of those tax dollars to have buckets of flags on both sides of a two-lane street so that pedestrians can wave them as they cross? 
If folks love parades as much as I do, 
Mr. Speaker, that local community can put those flags in place. A Federal grant program is not necessary to do so. 
I have got an article here, Mr. Speak-
er, from just last month. It is talking about this program that allows these grant dollars to go out for all of these non-high-priority Federal purposes. They cite a $112,000 grant for a white squirrel sanctuary. 
Mr. Speaker, I have nothing against 
white squirrels. I will slow down when I am driving as the gray squirrels in my community cross the street, but I have no interest in confiscating Fed-eral tax dollars that were intended to maintain a critically important na-tional highway infrastructure and hav-ing a local community who views that as free money spend it to create a white squirrel sanctuary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.048 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2097 March 26, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, these dollars are going 
to build boardwalks in our beach com-munities. They are going to resurface bike trails. They are even going to buy driving simulators at car museums be-cause that is kind of peripherally re-lated to transportation. 
In my day, Mr. Speaker, it was just 
that Atari 2600 on which you could do the night driving program. Today, we can spend 198,000 Federal gas tax dol-lars to buy driving simulators to go into museums so that, when folks come by—after they have driven on the ratty roads that were unmaintained to get to the museum—they can have a wonder-ful driving experience inside the feder-ally taxpayer paid simulator. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t fault museums 
for wanting simulators. I don’t fault communities for wanting bike trails. I don’t fault communities for wanting flag-waving crosswalks. I fault this Congress for facing a fiscal challenge of: How do we complete our constitu-tional responsibility to maintain our roads and to even have the discussion of raising tax dollars before we have completed making the current ac-counts more effective, more efficient, and more accountable? 
Mr. Speaker, I do not value Members 
who simply talk about everything that is wrong and who make no rec-ommendations about how to fix it. We need to narrow the number of roads that qualify for Federal support. We need to prioritize what are those roads that fall into that constitutional re-sponsibility and which ones, obviously, do not. Prioritize that spending. Take care of only those mission critical roads. Leave the rest to local commu-nities. 
Two, deal with our environmental 
regulations that are slowing needed construction, not abolish our environ-mental regulations, not ignore our en-vironmental stewardship responsibil-ities, but recognize that advocates for the environment, advocates for the NEPA Act—as the mayor of Salt Lake City suggested, even those advocates realize we have gone far afield from what was intended as we have years of expense and delay for projects that we ought to be able to complete in a year and in 18 months. Let’s streamline that. That is two. 
Three, take all of these feel-good 
projects that every one of us has heard of in our districts—those projects that don’t have anything to do with major national thoroughfares, those projects that don’t have anything to do with our constitutional responsibility to maintain our interstate corridors—and abolish those altogether. 
b1315 
Mr. Speaker, they did a poll the 
other day amongst young people in this country. Young people, of course, when you get your first job at 16, you get that paycheck, you thought you were making $8 an hour. It turns out after the government gets its share you are only making about $5 an hour. We find out we get lots of new voters when they 
get their first paycheck because folks realize the importance of having your voice heard. 
The largest tax that 80 percent of 
American families pay, Mr. Speaker, is that payroll tax that is taken out of that paycheck before you even see it, that FICA line in your paycheck. The largest tax that 80 percent of American families pay, it goes to fund Social Se-curity and Medicare; and yet in a re-cent poll among young people, more American young people believed they would see a UFO in their lifetime than believed they would see a Social Secu-rity check in their lifetime. Mr. Speak-er, you cannot break promises to tax-payers in that way. 
We have serious responsibilities in 
this Chamber. They do not include feel- good projects in local communities. They do not include squirrel sanc-tuaries, flag-waving projects, and boardwalk resurfacings. What they in-clude is maintaining those mission- critical interstate corridors. 
As we gather together to reauthorize 
the surface transportation bill, as we gather together to sort out the dimin-ishing value of the highway trust fund, let us come together to restore some of that faith with the American taxpayer that we will be accountable, that we will be efficient, and that we will be ef-fective in the use of every one of their taxpayer dollars. We cannot ask them for more until we have proven to them that we have used responsibly what they sent to us yesterday. 
Mr. Speaker, we have talked trans-
portation on the surface level. I want to briefly talk transportation at a port level. 
I mentioned the port of Savannah, 
Mr. Speaker, that fastest growing con-tainer port in the world. You can’t see it here on the map, but I have got one of those container ships coming into the port of Savannah, just loaded full. These giant cranes, it is amazing how quickly they can load and unload these giant container ships. 
Funding for these kind of nationally 
important projects, these kind of projects that deliver value to the American taxpayer, that allow them to get the goods and products that they want from around the globe into their local markets for a lower cost—we are dredging the Savannah River right now in order to expand the Savannah har-bor, this port, so that it can handle the New Panamax ships that are going to come through the new Panama Canal. These ships are giant, Mr. Speaker. If you haven’t been to see them, you should take a look. They can bring in the order of three times more cargo in one ship. When you are taking a multiweek voyage across the Pacific Ocean, that is a big deal. 
This project is going to cost $706 mil-
lion, and it will benefit the entire east-ern seaboard in greater value and lower costs. But it is going to benefit Georgia more than it is going to benefit most places. Why? Because we are going to have workers there, because our rest 
stops are going to be full, because our gasoline stations are going to be full. So the State of Georgia, even though this is a nationally significant project, is funding 40 percent of it out of our local coffers. We believe it is important to put your money where your mouth is. 
Thinking about those delays that run 
up costs, we first started talking about doing this in the late 1990s, Mr. Speak-er. We finally got Federal approval to begin last year. This was not a $700 million project 17 years ago when we wanted to begin it, but we couldn’t begin it 17 years ago. We have only been able to begin it now. About $100 million is going to go out the door, Mr. Speaker, to get this project under way. If all goes well, we can finish this in about 5 years, but we are going to have to have that Federal-State partnership. For these projects that are not unique-ly Federal, for these projects that are not uniquely State, we need both enti-ties putting skin in the game to make these projects successful. 
Mr. Speaker, what we are talking 
about is about $100 million from the State coming this year, about $100 mil-lion from the Feds coming next year. What I want to ask my colleagues, as we talk about how to prioritize fund-ing, how can we get together to squeeze out those projects that are of local im-port—and leave those to local dollars and local concerns—and include these projects that are of national import to make sure we get them done on time and under budget? 
Mr. Speaker, back-of-the-envelope 
calculating that folks doing the con-struction at the port have done tell us that it is about $174 million annually in lost benefits as this project is de-layed—lost benefits on the one hand, added costs on the other. I am always skeptical when somebody says: R
OB, if 
you will only spend $1 on this project, I will get you $18 in return. I say: Good news. We have got an $18 trillion Fed-eral debt. Let me give you $1 trillion for your project this year; you can give me back $18 trillion next year. 
A lot of funny numbers go on in this 
Washington, D.C., math game that folks play. 
But, undeniably, if we cannot com-
pete at a local level, if American prod-ucts begin to cost more to export rel-ative to their foreign competitors be-cause we can’t handle the big Panamax ships, American workers will lose; American consumers will lose. These are national priorities that bring peo-ple together. 
I want to set expectations, Mr. 
Speaker, on how we are going to get this done. Again, I want to go back. 1996 was when we first had this con-versation, completed the very first study of getting this done; the very first conditional approval at the Fed-eral level, 1999. In 2012, folks finally made the decision; South Carolina and Georgia sorted out their issues in May of 2013; final project permits came out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.049 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2098 March 26, 2015 
in July of 2013; State of Georgia, John-
ny on the spot, funding it with $266 million. Another round of bond initia-tives will go out this summer. 
Mr. Speaker, 2019 is when this project 
is expected to be done. A project that could have started in 1997, a project that could have been done by 2003, a project that could have been a nation- leading project so that American goods could get out to the world in a com-petitive way as the new Panama Canal comes on line for us to be ready to go as a nation, what could have been a story of planning ahead and of success has become a story of decades-long delay and being behind. 
Mr. Speaker, those are not academic 
conversations. Those are conversations that are represented with dollars and cents. It is American jobs lost; it is American productivity lost; it is inter-national competitiveness lost. Item after item after item after item. We are in the midst of a surface transpor-tation reauthorization bill and our highway trust fund; we are in the midst of an FAA reauthorization bill and our aviation funding mechanisms. Hope-fully, we will be back to a water re-sources development bill again, as we were last year, dealing with developing our water resources. 
The question in this Chamber, Mr. 
Speaker, is never will we be involved in generating American productivity or will we not. The question is we will be involved, but on what and how. Let us move these low-priority projects off of 
the Federal budget, off of the Federal taxpayer, and back into local hands, where they can be accomplished more quickly and more efficiently at a lower dollar cost. Before we decide to raise taxes on the American people, let us ensure that every single dollar that we raise today is giving a dollar’s worth of value for a dollar’s worth of tax. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be on the 
Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. We have big things in store for this year. They will be col-laborative things. These are not Repub-lican concerns; these are not Demo-cratic concerns; these are American concerns. These are concerns of Amer-ica’s most deliberative and engaging body, the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
UPLIFTING STORIES FROM THE 
CINCINNATI AREA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ROUZER ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. CHABOT. I will not take that 
much time. 
Mr. Speaker, there seems to be a lot 
of bad news these days and negative stories, but I would like to take this opportunity to highlight some uplift-
ing stories from the Cincinnati area, the area that I happen to represent here in the United States Congress. First, I would like to congratulate a 
Cincinnati broadcasting legend on a storied career. A week from tomorrow, Friday, April 3, Cincinnati will say good-bye to a longtime morning show host, Jim Scott, who is retiring after 47 years on the radio in Cincinnati. 
Over the years, Mr. Scott has been 
synonymous with mornings, as hun-dreds of thousands, if not millions, of Cincinnatians started their day listen-ing to him cover the topics of the day. From politics and local news to enter-tainment and sports, Jim Scott cov-ered every story in a style uniquely his own. His excellence was recognized back in 2002 when he won the Marconi Award for large market personality of the year. 
Jim Scott has also been a pillar of 
the community, helping out with nu-merous charities and community serv-ice organizations, activities I am sure that he will continue. He has become a staple of the opening day parade for the Cincinnati Reds, who I hope have a great year this year. 
I want to congratulate Jim Scott on 
his retirement and his outstanding ca-reer. Mornings in Cincinnati will not be the same without him. 
Mr. Speaker, Cincinnati has also 
been blessed by the inspiring stories of two young ladies battling pediatric cancer, and I would like to take a mo-ment to thank each of them for the ex-ample that they have provided and the hope that they have given to millions. 
First, I would like to talk about 
Lauren Hill. For those who haven’t heard Lauren’s story, there really aren’t words to describe her courage and resiliency in the face of insur-mountable odds. Lauren loves to play basketball, a sport she had planned to play throughout her college years at Mount St. Joseph University. Unfortu-nately, Lauren was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable, terminal brain cancer, DIPG, and doctors really weren’t sure how long she would live. 
For most people, the story would end 
there, but not for Lauren. She was de-termined to play in a college basket-ball game, and back on November 2, she joined her teammates on the court, and in front of a sold-out crowd at Xa-vier University’s Cintas Center, she scored the opening basket. 
That wasn’t enough for Lauren. She 
also wanted to dedicate her remaining time to raising awareness of pediatric cancer. Through Layup 4 Lauren and other charitable efforts, she has helped raise over $1 million for research to combat pediatric cancer. 
Mr. Speaker, I like to believe that 
each one of us is put on this Earth for a reason, and it is clear to me that Lauren’s purpose was to inspire a city and a nation and to raise awareness for a terrible disease, a purpose she has fulfilled with a dignity and grace that is an inspiration to me and countless others. I am deeply grateful for Lauren’s spirit and the example that she has provided for our community and for our Nation. b1330 
Our thoughts and prayers are with 
Lauren and her family. 
But Lauren is not the only young 
lady with Cincinnati ties inspiring our Nation. We have also been blessed to learn the story of Leah Still, the 4- year-old daughter of Cincinnati Ben-gals’ defensive lineman Devon Still. 
Last year, Leah was also diagnosed 
with a rare form of pediatric cancer. Faced with this devastating news, Devon Still was determined to help his little girl in whatever way he could. Part of his effort was to use their story to help raise money to combat pedi-atric cancer and give hope to other families facing the same struggle they were. 
The Cincinnati Bengals and the NFL 
joined Mr. Still in his efforts by agree-ing to donate the proceeds of sales of Devon’s number 75 Bengals jersey to Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, which, by the way, is the number one chil-dren’s hospital in the Nation in com-bating pediatric cancer. Together, they also raised over $1 million for pediatric cancer research. 
While that is certainly great news, 
the story has an even happier ending. Yesterday, I, along with millions of others, was thrilled to learn that Leah’s cancer was in remission. 
Leah still has treatments ahead of 
her, and she should remain in our thoughts and prayers. But that was wonderful news, and a reason to be grateful. 
May God bless all three of the re-
markable people that I have just talked about. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE WEEK IN REVIEW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, first of 
all, I want to address this. The bill we passed today is something that needed to be addressed. It was a problem that has been growing for about 16 years, or so. 
The cut that was put into law has 
been changed 17 times in the last 16 or so years. It made cuts to healthcare providers. We have caused some healthcare providers to retire early. 
It was $716 billion that ObamaCare 
took from Medicare in order to, sup-posedly, fund 30 million or so that we were told didn’t have insurance. Now we have cost millions their health in-surance policy they liked. And I say ‘‘we.’’ Not a single Republican voted for that bill. It has cost Americans, millions of Americans, the doctor that they wanted to use. 
We have seen promise after promise 
that was made about ObamaCare that was broken. It absolutely wasn’t true. Then we find out that there were advis-ers around the White House who were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.050 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2099 March 26, 2015 
advising all along: They are not going 
to be able to keep their insurance pol-icy. They are not going to be able to keep their doctors. 
Maybe we want to change the way 
that kind of thing is said. It did major damage—and continues to do major damage—to health care. 
So, on top of that overlay, we had 
these ongoing cuts to the healthcare providers. If we didn’t step in each year and temporarily pause them, it would have put so many healthcare providers out of business and made it extremely difficult for Americans to get the health care they need, even more than it already is, even more than ObamaCare has jeopardized. So some-thing needed to be done. 
My friend, Dr. M
IKEBURGESS , had 
pushed through a fix, a remedy, last year of 63 pages. It was very well thought out. He is a very bright, ter-rific doctor, a great Congressman, and a friend. We have spent a lot of time this week talking about the fix to the cuts to reimbursement for physicians. 
And the bill today, on the good side, 
provided a permanent fix. If this be-comes law, if the Senate passes what we did, it stops the slow deletion of some healthcare providers’ efforts and work. 
This provides a framework from 
which Medicare can be reformed for the future. It is valued at $175 billion. And the best estimate we have gotten is that $140 billion of the $175 billion is not offset with any cuts anywhere else. This would be a straight addition of $140 billion to our children’s and grand-children’s enormous debt—what some refer to as ‘‘intergenerational theft.’’ 
It does have Henry Hyde language 
protecting against Federal funds being used for abortion. I have always thought the world of Henry Hyde and was honored to overlap with him 2 years. His work in standing for the un-born children, the most innocent among us, is just an extraordinary life’s work that he did. 
I don’t know that Federal funds for 
abortions for people on Medicare is as big an issue as some might think. Any-way, the Hyde language is in there. It puts it in the Tax Code. That is a big deal. Some of my Democratic friends were not big on that. 
There is also reauthorization for 
CHIP. There are the secure rural schools. Our rural schools, especially those in national parks, have been cheated for many years from the in-come that they were supposed to have by giving up land they couldn’t tax any more, by giving up other sources of revenue from the land. 
They agreed to allow land to be used 
or become national forests, and they were to be reimbursed by proceeds from the sale of timber. But we have a For-est Service administration—not just this one; it has been going for a while— where production has either slowed dramatically or completely been elimi-nated, even though pine trees where I live are an entirely renewable resource. You plant them, and you are ready to 
harvest them in 15, 20 years. We are not talking sequoias. We are just talking a renewable resource. It is well managed in east Texas and other places around the country. 
But since production has stopped and 
we are buying so much lumber from other countries now, it is not good for America, not good for our trade imbal-ance, but it has been a Federal Govern-ment policy. And it has put schools in an extremely detrimental position, es-pecially in rural areas, especially in areas where there have been national forests. 
So it is nice to have another bandaid, 
so to speak, to address that issue. It should have been in here. It should have been done before now. 
But, on the other side, getting back 
to $140 billion that is not offset by cuts anywhere else, adding it into the intergenerational theft—and it also concerns me, we had 212 Republicans today that voted for this SGR fix. It 
would have been so easy to have enough of an adjustment into this bill that we could add six more Repub-licans, and it would have been able to pass without any Republican leader begging for support from the Demo-crats, without coming to support from conservatives. 
With the vote on DHS funding, we 
saw 167 Republicans voted against it because it didn’t keep our promise to stop the illegal, unconstitutional am-nesty that DHS had done, as ordered by the President; and there were 75 Repub-licans, some of whom are very conserv-ative, but they did vote with the Speaker on that bill and with the ma-jority of Democrats to pass that fund-ing. 
But I think that gives us an indica-
tion that out of the Republican Con-ference—the massive portion of the Re-publican Conference represents very conservative districts, and there are Republicans that, thank God, we have that are from more moderate areas, but somewhere between one-fourth and one-third, perhaps. 
It just seems like this bill today was 
one of those bills where we would be better off if we negotiated a deal among the Republicans and go through regular order. That is what we prom-ised. You put us in the majority; we will go through regular order. We will have hearings on this entire bill. There will be open opportunities to discuss it, to amend it, to have legislative hear-ings, before you even do the votes on it in committee. We didn’t do that. 
The bill was filed 2 days ago, on the 
24th. We had a couple of days with this bill. That is not adequate for some-thing this important. 
It does add some means testing for 
seniors. It appears very clear it is going to cause healthcare providers to have to add more clerical workers— people that don’t do health care; they 
just do paperwork. So there will be more costs. 
So we didn’t have a chance to ade-
quately investigate the terminology of this bill and the long-term effects it 
will have on health care. It is kind of important. 
This also came 1 day after we voted 
for a budget that was important to get to the point where we could have rec-onciliation that let us deal with impor-tant issues like ObamaCare. We passed the budget easily, and we had a number of different budgets we could vote for. I thought T
OMPRICE did a good job of 
marshalling the efforts on that. 
But the point is most of us were so 
focused on the budget through the vote yesterday that we really had one night to prepare on this SGR with the actual language that was filed on Tuesday. 
I was good with the 63 pages Dr. B
UR-
GESS had used last year, but there were 
over 200 pages. I really don’t know the long-term effects of what we did; and that is why, though I have been clam-oring for an SGR fix, I couldn’t vote for it. 
This isn’t how we do things. We are 
supposed to first do no harm. We don’t know what harm we may have done in that bill. We know we did some good, but we don’t know what harm. We should have had some more time to analyze this and take the language back to our physicians, our healthcare providers, and say: You’re the one doing this, you’re the one trying to save lives, enhance lives, what will this do to you? What will this language do to you? Then come back and have the vote. 
So I appreciate the work for those 
that have been spending so much time on what is often referred to as the ‘‘doctor fix.’’ We definitely needed that as another fix. This is more permanent. We don’t know what the Senate will do, and that is another one of our prob-lems. 
There is some rather breathtaking 
news that has come out today about what the Obama administration has done in the way of damage to the na-tion of Israel—it sounds like this ac-tion was extremely petty—in an effort to slap Israel, without proper regard for the fact that they are the most im-portant ally we have anywhere in the Middle East and one of the very most important allies we have in the world. 
b1345 
It is just breathtaking what was 
done. Actually, to put this in perspec-tive, this article, March 23, from Joel Pollak, says, ‘‘Obama’s Chief of Staff Fires up J Street: Israel’s Occupation Must End.’’ 
The article says: 
White House Chief of Staff Denis 
McDonough earned raucous cheers from the leftwing activists gathered at J Street’s fifth annual conference in Washington on Monday when he attacked Israel’s occupation of the West Bank. ‘‘An occupation that has lasted almost 50 years must end.’’ 
J Street was founded to disrupt the close 
U.S.-Israel alliance and to serve as an alter-native to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the powerful pro-Israel group. 
Well, that is interesting. If we use 
Mr. McDonough’s rationale about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.052 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2100 March 26, 2015 
Israel occupation and how it must end, 
then that would mean that, at the turn of the 20th century, if he had been around clamoring for, on behalf of this President—were he President around the end of the 1800s—he would have been saying: it is time to end Amer-ica’s occupation of Texas. 
Had he been around in, say, 1823, 
speaking for President Obama back then, had he been President then, if he used this same reasoning, he would have been saying: it is time for the oc-cupation of our Thirteen Colonies to stop, and we give all the land back to England. This is no time for the Thir-teen Colonies to continue to occupy what we are calling the United States. 
It is time to give that back to Eng-
land. It was theirs originally. The French had some at one time. There were differing claims, but basically time to quit occupying the United States and give this all back to Eng-land. 
It is time to give the West of the 
United States, you might have heard him say, if he had been around in the early 20th century, time to give back all the West to whoever had it before, whether it was Mexico, Spain, whoever may have been claiming it; we have been occupying it. 
That is not the way the world works. 
That is not the way the United States worked. Native American tribes were constantly taking each other on, dif-ferent parts of the country, taking over others’ land. That has gone on around the world. 
When you have a group of people liv-
ing in the nation of Israel saying, We refuse to ever recognize Israel’s right to exist, we want to wipe the Jewish people off the map, we want to wipe Israel off the map, then that is not a nation that you sit down with. 
Then when you have a nation like 
Iran, that is doing—they make clear, even as of last week, that the top lead-ers in Iran want death to America. Well, apparently, when this adminis-tration hears a religious fanatic that has killed American soldiers, killed American civilians, has really been at the lead of killing Americans wherever they could find them and have an op-portunity to kill them and want to wipe Israel off the map, as the Little Satan, and wipe America off the map, as the Great Satan—they have contin-ued to pursue nuclear weapons, and while this administration was rushing and continue to rush to talk to the leaders in Iran, it leaves some of us aghast at how blind the administration can be as to who is our friend and who is our enemy. 
It was Denis McDonough, this article 
talks about, speaking to the group, ac-cording to this article, that was found-ed to disrupt the close relationship be-tween U.S. and Israel, and he fired them up, saying the occupation that lasted almost 50 years must end. 
It reminded me, oh, yeah, I remember 
another speech he gave, and this tran-script is from the White House Web site. This was March 6 of 2011, and 
Denis McDonough, the same guy that thinks we need to run Israel out of the land of Israel, he said this—and I am quoting from the speech from the White House Web site. 
‘‘Thank you, Imam Magid, for your 
very kind introduction and welcome. I know that President Obama was very grateful that you led the prayer at last summer’s Iftar dinner at the White House which, as the President noted, is a tradition stretching back more than two centuries to when Thomas Jeffer-son hosted the first Iftar at the White House. Thank you also for being one of our’’—I might parenthetically interject here into Mr. McDonough’s speech, glowing praise for Imam Magid, that actually this is Imam Magid who was president of the Islamic Society of North America. 
The Islamic Society of North Amer-
ica, a little background on them, they were named as a coconspirator to fund terrorism in the largest prosecution in the United States history for funding of terrorism—this was in a United States district court in Dallas—in short, referred to as the Holy Land Foundation trial. They were the main defendant, their principals. 
The list of unindicted coconspirators 
from that trial included the Council on American Islamic Relations, CAIR; the Islamic Society of North America, ISNA; and the North American Islamic Trust, NAIT. These coconspirators were not tried in the first round of prosecutions in Dallas under the Bush administration, but in November of 2008, all five defendants were convicted on a massive number of charges of sup-porting terrorism. 
The evidence utilized in the first 
round of the prosecutions, some that participated anticipate would be used in another trial against other named coconspirators if they were successful in getting the first convictions, which they did. 
However, before the convictions were 
finalized, there was an election. Presi-dent Obama was elected President, and we got a new Attorney General, and they decided, despite what the evidence showed, despite what the courts had found, they are not going to prosecute the Islamic Society of North America and CAIR—CAIR has a very lovely building just down the street from us here. I can see CAIR from my window. 
In the case in Dallas, CAIR, NAIT, 
ISNA, they filed pleadings demanding that the judge remove their names as coconspirators in supporting terrorism. The judge reviewed all the evidence, had the hearing, and he ruled that their names would not be struck as co-conspirators because there was plenty of evidence to support them as co-conspirators supporting terrorism. 
They appealed that to the Fifth Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the United States, and the fifth circuit, in their order, confirmed that there was a prima facie case made that the enti-ties, CAIR, NAIT, ISNA, those associa-tions have strong associations with the 
Muslim Brotherhood, namely Hamas, its Palestinian branch, which was spe-cifically designated as a terrorist orga-nization by the U.S. Government. 
Anyway, the organization here that 
the Federal courts found had plenty of evidence to make a case against them, as supporters of terrorism, have be-come partners with this administra-tion, and that is why Denis McDonough, who was getting the ac-claim for demanding Israel leave part of Israeli territory, he was there back in 2011, giving praise to Imam Magid, thanking him for his wonderful prayers at the White House. 
This is a guy that is president of 
what two Federal courts have said had plenty of evidence to show they are co-conspirators in supporting terrorism. 
This business about, oh, the long tra-
dition going back to Thomas Jefferson of Iftar at the White House, Iftar is the celebration during the month of Au-gust—or after the fasting during the month of August for the religious ob-servance of Muslims, and Iftar is the feast after the fasting. 
If you go back to what they say was 
the first Iftar under Thomas Jefferson, it doesn’t appear to me that Jefferson realized he was having an Iftar dinner. He wanted to have a dinner with a Muslim leader, and he couldn’t do it until the fasting was over, and so when he could eat, they had a meal. 
It is kind of like hearing people say: 
Well, Thomas Jefferson, having a copy of the Koran shows how open-minded it was. 
No, it shows the fact that he had 
been a diplomat negotiating with rad-ical Islamists called Barbary pirates as to why they kept capturing United States Navy—not Navy—but seamen and holding them for ransom. 
They had so many of our sailors that 
they held in captivity, we were paying a massive part of our budget for ran-som to get these back. Jefferson was one of those that went over and nego-tiated and apparently asked: Why do you keep attacking us? We don’t even have a navy. Why you are attacking us? We are not a threat to you. 
He was reportedly told: In our reli-
gion, we believe that if we die while at-tacking you, an infidel, we go to para-dise. 
Jefferson was so well read, he 
couldn’t believe there was a religion that thought you could go to paradise if you die killing innocent people, so he got his own English translation of the Koran. 
His ultimate action was to create and 
send a new thing called United States Marines to the shores of Tripoli be-cause he realized there is not going to be any negotiation that is adequate to deal with these radical Islamists. There is only one way to beat them, and that is to physically beat them in a fight to the finish. It kept them off our backs for some time. 
Well, that is Denis McDonough, 
speaking for the President in 2011 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.054 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2101 March 26, 2015 
now. Then we know that the White 
House is doing everything it can to bend over backwards, the State Depart-ment: Oh, Iran, what can we do for you? 
Okay. Now, we find out today they 
are going to let them have centrifuges spinning in their secret facility they didn’t even disclose until we found out about it, and they are going to let them keep having centrifuges spin there. 
Look, they will almost do anything 
to get them to sign some kind of agree-ment, bending over backwards; but they can’t spare a minute to meet with the leader of Israel, can’t spare the President, Vice President, or one of the Cabinet to come listen to Netanyahu— oh, no. 
Then, today, this outrage has come 
to light, that the United States, the Obama administration, has declassified a document that reveals Israel’s nu-clear program to the world, especially to Iran and to those who want to de-stroy Israel, so they will know exactly what they are after, what they are up against. 
b1400 
What has happened, what has come 
to light today of this administration declassifying a document, obviously, it is a slap at Netanyahu. It is a slap at the Israeli people for coming out in droves to support a group of represent-atives that this President doesn’t ap-prove of. 
We are betraying this great ally of 
ours: Israel. If you believe the Bible, judgment will be coming down on our country for what our elected officials and appointed officials have done in be-traying Israel. There will be problems for this. 
If you don’t believe the Bible, then 
just use common sense. When you be-tray your most trusted ally in this torn-apart Middle East, then you are going to have problems galore. 
I have talked with leaders in those 
countries. I can’t now because the Speaker won’t let me go talk to them overseas anymore. That is what you call retribution if you don’t support the Speaker. I get that. I am fine with that. As a result of him canceling my trip this weekend, I get to be on FOX News. Anyway, thank you, Mr. Speak-er. 
Somebody needs to be friendly to our 
allies and stand up against our en-emies, and this administration is not doing it. 
This betrayal is going to do more 
damage in the world than the snotty little act that was intended to slap at Netanyahu and the Israeli voters than we could possibly imagine. This is just unbelievable. 
Now, if you believe that there are les-
sons worth noting in the Bible, you could go back to King Hezekiah, who entertained the Babylonian leaders. If you believe the account in the Bible, God sent Isaiah to Hezekiah and asked him: What have you done? He already knew; but Hezekiah said, 
in effect—and this is Texas para-phrase—well, we met with these lovely, wonderful leaders from Babylon, and we showed them all of our treasure. 
In the most correct translation, he 
adds: And we showed them all of the defenses we have in our arsenal. 
Isaiah basically says: Because you 
have done that, you fool, you will lose the country. 
This is the kind of thing that brings 
down nations. It was petty, and it was a betrayal, and people need to be called to account for it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of foot 
surgery. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEE  
ON HOMELAND SECURITY FOR THE 114TH CON -
GRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, March 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a) 
of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, I submit the Rules of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security for the 114th Congress for publication in the Congres-sional Record. On January 21, 2015, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security met in open session and adopted these Committee Rules by unanimous consent, a quorum being present; on March 26, 2015, the Committee agreed to modify the Committee Rules, by voice vote, a quorum being present. Attached are the Rules of Committee on Homeland Se-curity for the 114th Congress, as amended. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Enclosure. 
Adopted January 21, 2015 Modified March 26, 2015 
RULE I .—GENERAL PROVISIONS . 
(A) Applicability of the Rules of the U.S. 
House of Representatives. —The Rules of the 
U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) are the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-committees insofar as applicable. 
(B) Applicability to Subcommittees. —Except 
where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, the following rules shall apply to the Com-mittee’s subcommittees and their respective Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members to the same extent as they apply to the Full Committee and its Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. 
(C) Appointments by the Chairman. —Clause 
2(d) of Rule XI of the House shall govern the designation of a Vice Chairman of the Full Committee. 
(D) Recommendation of Conferees. —When-
ever the Speaker of the House is to appoint a conference committee on a matter within the jurisdiction of the Full Committee, the Chairman shall recommend to the Speaker of the House conferees from the Full Com-
mittee. In making recommendations of Mi-nority Members as conferees, the Chairman shall do so with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
(E) Motions to Disagree. —The Chairman is 
authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House when-ever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
(F) Committee Website. —The Chairman shall 
maintain an official Committee web site for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-cluding communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members, other Members, and the public at large. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar web site for the same pur-poses. The official Committee web site shall display a link on its home page to the web site maintained by the Ranking Minority Member. 
(G) Activity Report. —Not later than Janu-
ary 2 of each odd numbered year, the Com-mittee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. After ad-journment sine die of the last regular session 
of a Congress, or after December 15 of an even-numbered year, whichever occurs first, the Chair may file the report with the Clerk at any time and without approval of the Committee provided that a copy of the re-port has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days and the report includes any supple-mental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE II .—COMMITTEE PANELS  
(A) Designation. —The Chairman of the Full 
Committee, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, may designate a panel of the Committee consisting of Mem-bers of the Committee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that warrant enhanced consideration and to re-port to the Committee. 
(B) Duration. —No panel appointed by the 
Chairman shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. 
(C) Party Ratios and Appointment —The ratio 
of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, con-sistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, with all Majority mem-bers of the panels appointed by the Chairman of the Committee and all Minority members appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. The Chairman of the Com-mittee shall choose one of the Majority Members so appointed who does not cur-rently chair another Subcommittee of the Committee to serve as Chairman of the panel. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall similarly choose the Rank-ing Minority Member of the panel. 
(D) Ex Officio Members. —The Chairman and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-mittee may serve as ex-officio Members of each committee panel but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before a com-mittee panel and shall not be counted to sat-isfy the quorum requirement for any purpose other than taking testimony. 
(E) Jurisdiction .—No panel shall have legis-
lative jurisdiction. 
(F) Applicability of Committee Rules. —Any 
designated panel shall be subject to all Com-mittee Rules herein. 
RULE III —SUBCOMMITTEES . 
(A) Generally. —The Full Committee shall 
be organized into the following six standing subcommittees and each shall have specific responsibility for such measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it: 
(1) Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and 
Intelligence; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR7.055 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2102 March 26, 2015 
(2) Subcommittee on Border and Maritime 
Security; 
(3) Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-
structure Protection and Security Tech-nologies; 
(4) Subcommittee on Oversight and Man-
agement Efficiency; 
(5) Subcommittee on Transportation Secu-
rity; and 
(6) Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-
ness, Response and Communications. 
(B) Selection and Ratio of Subcommittee Mem-
bers.—The Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of the Full Committee shall select their respective Members of each sub-committee. The ratio of Majority to Minor-ity Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, except that each subcommittee shall have at least two more Majority Members than Minority Members. 
(C) Ex Officio Members. —The Chairman and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-mittee shall be ex officio members of each 
subcommittee but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before each sub-committee. The Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Full Committee shall only be counted to satisfy the quorum re-quirement for the purpose of taking testi-mony and receiving evidence. 
(D) Powers and Duties of Subcommittees. — 
Except as otherwise directed by the Chair-man of the Full Committee, each sub-committee is authorized to meet, hold hear-ings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Full Committee on all mat-ters within its purview. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair-man of the Full Committee. To the greatest extent practicable, no more than one meet-ing and hearing should be scheduled for a given time. 
(E) Special Voting Provision. —If a tie vote 
occurs in a Subcommittee on the question of forwarding any measure to the Full Com-mittee, the measure shall be placed on the agenda for Full Committee consideration as if it had been ordered reported by the Sub-committee without recommendation. 
RULE IV .—TIME OF MEETINGS . 
(A) Regular Meeting Date. —The regular 
meeting date and time for the transaction of business of the Full Committee shall be at 10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the House is in Session each month, unless oth-erwise directed by the Chairman. 
(B) Additional Meetings. —At the discretion 
of the Chairman, additional meetings of the Committee may be scheduled for the consid-eration of any legislation or other matters pending before the Committee or to conduct other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
(C) Consideration —Except in the case of a 
special meeting held under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI, the determination of the business to be considered at each meeting of the Committee shall be made by the Chair-man. 
RULE V .—NOTICE AND PUBLICATION . 
(A) Notice. — 
(1) Hearings.—Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Chairman of the Com-mittee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing before the Full Committee or sub-committee, which may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Com-mittee so determines by majority vote, a 
quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman shall make the an-nouncement at the earliest possible date. The names of all witnesses scheduled to ap-pear at such hearing shall be provided to Members no later than 48 hours prior to the commencement of such hearing. 
(2) Meetings.—The date, time, place and 
subject matter of any meeting, which could be a briefing, other than a hearing or a regu-larly scheduled meeting, may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof except in the case of a special meeting called under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. These notice requirements may be waived if the Chairman with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. 
(a) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, or at the time of announcement of the meeting, if less than 48 hours under Rule V(A)(2), the text of such legislation to be marked up shall be provided to the Mem-bers, made publicly available in electronic form, and posted on the official Committee web site. 
(b) Not later than 24 hours after concluding 
a meeting to consider legislation, the text of such legislation as ordered forwarded or re-ported, including any amendments adopted or defeated, shall be made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site. 
(3) Publication—The meeting or hearing 
announcement shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest portion of the Congres-sional Record. To the greatest extent prac-ticable, meeting announcements shall be en-tered into the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources. 
RULE VI .—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS ; 
BROADCASTING . 
(A) Open Meetings .—All meetings and hear-
ings of the Committee shall be open to the public including to radio, television, and still photography coverage, except as pro-vided by Rule XI of the Rules of the House or when the Committee, in open session and with a majority present, determines by re-corded vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security, com-promise sensitive law enforcement informa-tion, tend to defame, degrade or incriminate a witness, or violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. 
(B) Broadcasting .—Whenever any hearing or 
meeting conducted by the Committee is open to the public, the Committee shall permit that hearing or meeting to be covered by tel-evision broadcast, intemet broadcast, print media, and still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, in accordance with the provisions of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Operation and use of any Committee operated broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accord-ance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. Priority shall be given by the Com-mittee to members of the Press Galleries. Pursuant to clause 2(e) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, provide audio and video cov-erage of each hearing or meeting in a man-ner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. (C) Transcripts .—A transcript shall be made 
of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during a Committee hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hear-ings that are open to the public shall be made available. 
RULE VII .—PROCEDURES FOR MEETINGS AND  
HEARINGS . 
(A) Opening Statements .—At any meeting of 
the Committee, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall be entitled to present oral opening statements of five minutes each. Other Members may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the meeting may permit additional opening statements by other Members of the Full Committee or of that subcommittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. 
(B) The Five-Minute Rule .—The time any 
one Member may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under con-sideration by the Committee shall not ex-ceed five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chair-man, except that this time limit may be ex-tended when permitted by unanimous con-sent. 
(C) Postponement of Vote .—The Chairman 
may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of ap-proving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time, provided that all reasonable steps have been taken to notify Members of the resumption of such proceedings, including circulation of notice by the Clerk of the Committee, or other designee of the Chair. When pro-ceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying propo-sition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(D) Contempt Procedures .—No recommenda-
tion that a person be cited for contempt of Congress shall be forwarded to the House un-less and until the Full Committee has, upon notice to all its Members, met and consid-ered the alleged contempt. The person to be cited for contempt shall be afforded, upon notice of at least 72 hours, an opportunity to state why he or she should not be held in contempt prior to a vote of the Full Com-mittee, with a quorum being present, on the question whether to forward such rec-ommendation to the House. Such statement shall be, in the discretion of the Chairman, either in writing or in person before the Full Committee. 
(E) Record .—Members may have 10 business 
days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the Committee their statements for the record, and, in the case of a hearing, additional questions for the hearing record to be di-rected towards a witness at the hearing. 
RULE VIII .—WITNESSES . 
(A) Questioning of Witnesses .— 
(1) Questioning of witnesses by Members 
will be conducted under the five- minute rule unless the Committee adopts a motion per-mitted by clause 2(j)(2) of House Rule XI. 
(2) In questioning witnesses under the five- 
minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall first be recognized. In a subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee are then recognized. All other Members who are present before the commencement of the meeting or hearing will be recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee, alternating between Ma-jority and Minority Members. Committee Members arriving after the commencement of the hearing shall be recognized in order of appearance, alternating between Majority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.036 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2103 March 26, 2015 
and Minority Members, after all Members 
present at the beginning of the hearing have been recognized. Each Member shall be rec-ognized at least once before any Member is given a second opportunity to question a witness. 
(3) The Chairman, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit an extension of the period of questioning of a witness be-yond five minutes but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority party and the Minority and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(4) The Chairman, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit Committee staff of the Majority and Minority to ques-tion a witness for a specified period of time, but the time allotted must be equally appor-tioned to the Majority and Minority staff and may not exceed one hour in the aggre-gate. 
(B) Minority Witnesses .—Whenever a hear-
ing is conducted by the Committee upon any measure or matter, the Minority party Mem-bers on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chairman by a majority of those Minority Members before the com-pletion of such hearing, to call witnesses se-lected by the Minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. 
(C) Oath or Affirmation .—The Chairman of 
the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
(D) Statements by Witnesses .— 
(1) Consistent with the notice given, and to 
the greatest extent practicable, witnesses shall submit a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings (including, where practicable, an electronic copy) with the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’s appearance before the Committee. Unless the 48 hour re-quirement is waived or otherwise modified by the Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the failure to comply with this requirement may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the healing record and/or the barring of an oral presentation of the testimony. The Clerk of the Committee shall provide any such prepared or written statement sub-mitted to the Clerk prior to the hearing to the Members of the Committee prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
(2) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
non-governmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Fed-eral grants or contracts, or contracts or pay-ments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such disclo-sures shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter jurisdiction of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with the appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness ap-pears. 
RULE IX .—QUORUM . 
Quorum Requirements .—Two Members shall 
constitute a quorum for purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence. One-third of the Members of the Committee shall con-stitute a quorum for conducting business, ex-
cept for (1) reporting a measure or rec-ommendation; (2) closing Committee meet-ings to the public, pursuant to Committee Rule IV; (3) any other action for which an ac-tual majority quorum is required by any rule of the House of Representatives or by law. The Chairman’s staff shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member’s staff when scheduling meetings and hearings, to ensure that a quorum for any purpose will include at least one Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE X .—DECORUM . 
(A) Breaches of Decorum .—The Chairman 
may punish breaches of order and decorum, by censure and exclusion from the hearing; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House for contempt. 
(B) Access to Dais .—Access to the dais be-
fore, during, and after a hearing, markup, or other meeting of the Committee shall be limited to Members and staff of the Com-mittee. Subject to availability of space on the dais, Committee Members’ personal staff may be present on the dais during a hearing if their employing Member is seated on the dais and during a markup or other meeting if their employing Member is the author of a measure or amendment under consideration by the Committee, but only during the time that the measure or amendment is under ac-tive consideration by the Committee, or oth-erwise at the discretion of the Chairman, or of the Ranking Minority Member for per-sonal staff employed by a Minority Member. 
(C) Wireless Communications Use Prohib-
ited.—During a hearing, mark-up, or other 
meeting of the Committee, ringing or audi-ble sounds or conversational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is pro-hibited in the Committee room. 
RULE XI .—REFERRALS TO SUBCOMMITTEES . 
Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chair-
man.—Except for bills and other matters re-
tained by the Chairman for Full Committee consideration, each bill or other matter re-ferred to the Full Committee shall be re-ferred by the Chairman to one or more sub-committees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to sub-committees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
RULE XII .—SUBPOENAS . 
(A) Authorization .—The power to authorize 
and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chairman of the Full Committee, as pro-vided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. The Chairman shall notify the Rank-ing Minority Member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the ex-tent practicable, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority, excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and Federal holidays. The Chairman of the Full Committee shall notify Members of the Committee of the authoriza-tion and issuance of a subpoena under this rule as soon as practicable, but in no event later than one week after service of such subpoena. 
(B) Disclosure .—Provisions may be included 
in a subpoena with the concurrence of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to prevent the disclosure of the Full Com-mittee’s demands for information when deemed necessary for the security of infor-mation or the progress of an investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting the revelation by witnesses and their counsel of 
Full Committee’s inquiries. 
(C) Subpoena duces tecum .—A subpoena 
duces tecum may be issued whose return to 
the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time and place other than that of a regularly scheduled meeting. 
RULE XIII .—COMMITTEE STAFF . 
(A) Generally .—Committee staff members 
are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X and must be eligible to be con-sidered for routine access to classified infor-mation. 
(B) Staff Assignments .—For purposes of 
these rules, Committee staff means the em-ployees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, or any other person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. All such persons shall be either Majority, Minority, or shared staff. The Chairman shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Majority staff The Ranking Minority Member shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Minority staff. In consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may appoint, supervise, determine remuneration of and may remove shared staff that is assigned to service of the Com-mittee. The Chairman shall certify Com-mittee staff appointments, including ap-pointments by the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, as required. 
(C) Divulgence of Information .—Prior to the 
public acknowledgement by the Chairman or the Committee of a decision to initiate an investigation of a particular person, entity, or subject, no member of the Committee staff shall knowingly divulge to any person any information, including non-classified in-formation, which comes into his or her pos-session by virtue of his or her status as a member of the Committee staff, if the mem-ber of the Committee staff has a reasonable expectation that such information may alert the subject of a Committee investigation to the existence, nature, or substance of such investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Chairman or the Committee. 
RULE XIV .—COMMITTEE MEMBER AND  
COMMITTEE STAFF TRAVEL . 
(A) Approval of Travel .—Consistent with 
the primary expense resolution and such ad-ditional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any Committee Member or Committee staff shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Committee Member or Committee staff only in connection with of-ficial Committee business, such as the at-tendance of hearings conducted by the Com-mittee and meetings, conferences, site visits, and investigations that involve activities or subject matters under the general jurisdic-tion of the Full Committee. 
(1) Proposed Travel by Majority Party Com-
mittee Members and Committee Staff .—In the 
case of proposed travel by Majority party Committee Members or Committee staff, be-fore such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: (a) the purpose of the travel; (b) the dates during which the travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; (c) the loca-tion of the event for which the travel is to be made; (d) the estimated total cost of the travel; and (e) the names of Members and staff seeking authorization. On the basis of that information, the Chairman shall deter-mine whether the proposed travel is for offi-cial Committee business, concerns a subject matter under the jurisdiction of the Full Committee, and is not excessively costly in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.037 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2104 March 26, 2015 
view of the Committee business proposed to 
be conducted. 
(2) Proposed Travel by Minority Party Com-
mittee Members and Committee Staff .—In the 
case of proposed travel by Minority party Committee Members or Committee staff, the Ranking Minority Member shall provide to the Chairman a written representation set-ting forth the information specified in items (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of subparagraph (1) and his or her determination that such trav-el complies with the other requirements of subparagraph (1). 
(B) Foreign Travel .—Committee Member 
and Committee staff requests for foreign travel must include a written representation setting forth the information specified in items (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of subparagraph (A)(1) and be submitted to the Chairman and, absent extenuating circumstances, to the Ranking Minority Member, not fewer than ten business days prior to the start of the travel. Within thirty days of the conclusion of any such foreign travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the Chairman a written report summarizing the information gained as a result of the travel in question, or other Committee objectives served by such travel. The requirements of this section may be waived or abridged by the Chairman. 
(C) Compliance with Committee Travel Policy 
and Guidelines .—Travel must be in accord-
ance with the Committee Travel Policy and Guidelines, as well as with House Rules, the Travel Guidelines and Regulations and any additional guidance set forth by the Com-mittee on Ethics and the Committee on House Administration. Committee Members and staff shall follow these rules, policies, guidelines, and regulations in requesting and proceeding with any Committee-related travel. 
RULE XV .—CLASSIFIED AND CONTROLLED  
UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION . 
(A) Security Precautions .—Committee staff 
offices, including Majority and Minority of-fices, shall operate under strict security pre-cautions administered by the Security Offi-cer of the Committee. A security officer shall be on duty at all times during normal office hours. Classified documents and con-trolled unclassified information (CUI—for-merly known as sensitive but unclassified (SBU) information—may be destroyed, dis-cussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, transported and used only in an appro-priately secure manner in accordance with all applicable laws, executive orders, and other governing authorities. Such documents may be removed from the Committee’s of-fices only in furtherance of official Com-mittee business. Appropriate security proce-dures, as determined by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall govern the handling of such documents removed from the Committee’s offices. 
(B) Temporary Custody of Executive Branch 
Material .—Executive branch documents or 
other materials containing classified infor-mation in any form that were not made part of the record of a Committee hearing, did not originate in the Committee or the House, and are not otherwise records of the Com-mittee shall, while in the custody of the Committee, be segregated and maintained by the Committee in the same manner as Com-mittee records that are classified. Such doc-uments and other materials shall be re-turned to the Executive branch agency from which they were obtained at the earliest practicable time. 
(C) Access by Committee Staff .—Access to 
classified information supplied to the Com-mittee shall be limited to Committee staff members with appropriate security clear-ances and a need-toknow, as determined by 
the Chairman or Ranking Minority Member, and under the direction of the Majority or Minority Staff Directors. 
(D) Maintaining Confidentiality .—No Com-
mittee Member or Committee staff shall dis-close, in whole or in part or by way of sum-mary, to any person who is not a Committee Member or authorized Committee staff for any purpose or in connection with any pro-ceeding, judicial or otherwise, any testimony given before the Committee in executive ses-sion except for purposes of obtaining an offi-cial classification of such testimony. Classi-fied information and controlled unclassified information (CUI) shall be handled in accord-ance with all applicable laws, executive or-ders, and other governing authorities and consistently with the provisions of these rules and Committee procedures. 
(E) Oath .—Before a Committee Member or 
Committee staff may have access to classi-fied information, the following oath (or affir-mation) shall be executed: 
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose any classified information re-ceived in the course of my service on the Committee on Homeland Security, except as authorized by the Committee or the House of Representatives or in accordance with the Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the House. 
Copies of the executed oath (or affirma-
tion) shall be retained by the Clerk of the Committee as part of the records of the Com-mittee. 
(F) Disciplinary Action .—The Chairman 
shall immediately consider disciplinary ac-tion in the event any Committee Member or Committee staff member fails to conform to the provisions of these rules governing the disclosure of classified or unclassified infor-mation. Such disciplinary action may in-clude, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff, criminal referral to the Justice Department, and noti-fication of the Speaker of the House. With respect to Minority staff, the Chairman shall consider such disciplinary action in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber. 
RULE XVI .—COMMITTEE RECORDS . 
(A) Committee Records .—Committee Records 
shall constitute all data, charts and files in possession of the Committee and shall be maintained in accordance with clause 2(e) of House Rule XI. 
(B) Legislative Calendar .—The Clerk of the 
Committee shall maintain a printed calendar for the information of each Committee Mem-ber showing any procedural or legislative measures considered or scheduled to be con-sidered by the Committee, and the status of such measures and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of such re-visions shall be made available to each Mem-ber of the Committee upon request. 
(C) Members Right To Access .—Members of 
the Committee and of the House shall have access to all official Committee Records. Ac-cess to Committee files shall be limited to examination within the Committee offices at reasonable times. Access to Committee Records that contain classified information shall be provided in a manner consistent with these rules. 
(D) Removal of Committee Records .—Files 
and records of the Committee are not to be removed from the Committee offices. No Committee files or records that are not made publicly available shall be photocopied by any Member. 
(E) Executive Session Records .—Evidence or 
testimony received by the Committee in ex-ecutive session shall not be released or made available to the public unless agreed to by 
the Committee. Such information may be made available to appropriate government personnel for purposes of classification. Such information Members may examine the Conunittee’s executive session records, but may not make copies of, or take personal notes from, such records. 
(F) Availability of Committee Records .—The 
Committee shall keep a complete record of all Committee action including recorded votes and attendance at hearings and meet-ings. Information so available for public in-spection shall include a description of each amendment, motion, order, or other propo-sition, including the name of the Member who offered the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against each such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, as well as the names of those Members present but not voting. Such record shall be made available to the public at reasonable times within the Committee offices and also made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site within 48 hours of such record vote. 
(G) Separate and Distinct .—All Committee 
records and files must be kept separate and distinct from the office records of the Mem-bers serving as Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member. Records and files of Mem-bers’ personal offices shall not be considered records or files of the Committee. 
(H) Disposition of Committee Records .—At 
the conclusion of each Congress, non-current records of the Committee shall be delivered to the Archivist of the United States in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. 
(I) Archived Records .—The records of the 
Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made avail-able for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any member of the Committee. The Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member on any communication from the Archivist of the United States or the Clerk of the House con-cerning the disposition of noncurrent records pursuant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE XVII .—COMMITTEE RULES . 
(A) Availability of Committee Rules in Elec-
tronic Form .—Pursuant to clause 2(a) of rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee shall make its rules publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site and shall submit such rules for publication in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chairman of the Committee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
(B) Changes to Committee Rules .—These 
rules may be modified, amended, or repealed by the Full Committee provided that a no-tice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each Member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken and such changes are not in-consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.038 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2105 March 26, 2015 
under its previous order, the House ad-
journed until Monday, March 30, 2015, at 1 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmit-ting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
856. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a letter noti-fying the Congress that the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 114-4) does not breach the current discretionary spending limits, pursuant to Sec. 254(g) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
857. A letter from the Under Secretary, Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 2015 Major Automated Information System Annual Reports, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2445b(a); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
858. A letter from the Staff performing the 
duties of the Assistant Secretary, Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of Defense, trans-mitting additional legislative proposals for the proposed legislation titled ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
859. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s report on Training of Spe-cial Operations Forces for the period ending September 30, 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2011(e); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
860. A letter from the Principal Deputy, 
Reserve Affairs, Office of the Assistant Sec-retary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s National Guard and Re-serve Equipment Report for Fiscal Year 2016, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 10541; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
861. A letter from the Acting Director, De-
fense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD(AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Deletion of Text Imple-menting 10 U.S.C. 2323 (DFARS Case 2011- D038) (RIN: 0750-AH45) received March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
862. A letter from the Acting Director, De-
fense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD(AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Use of Military Con-struction Funds (DFARS Case 2015-D006) (RIN: 0750-AI52) received March 23, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
863. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Housing Trust Fund (RIN: 2590-AA73) received March 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
864. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a report on dis-cretionary appropriations legislation for the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priation Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 114-4), pursuant to Sec. 251(a)(7) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as 
amended; to the Committee on the Budget. 
865. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Acquisition Regulation: Technical and Ad-ministrative Changes to Department of En-ergy Acquisition Regulation (RIN: 1991-AC07) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
866. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2014 Performance Report to Con-gress for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
867. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Advisory Committee; Antiviral Drugs Advi-sory Committee; Termination [Docket No.: FDA-2012-N-0218] received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
868. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator, Office of Diversion Control, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Amendments to Regulation Listing Sub-stances Temporarily Controlled under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act [Docket No.: DEA-406] received March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
869. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — 2-Propanoic acid, 2-methyl-, 2- methylpropyl ester, homopolymer; Toler-ance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0677; FRL-9924-33] received March 24 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
870. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implemen-tation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/ Bernalillo County; Revisions to Emission In-ventory Requirements, and General Provi-sions [EPA-R06-OAR-2008-0636; FRL-9925-11- Region 6] received March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
871. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Plan Approval and Operating Permit Fees [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0634; FRL- 9925-17-Region 3] received March 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
872. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Reasonably Available Control Technology for the 1997 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R06-OAR-2013-0804; FRL-9925- 13-Region 6] received March 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
873. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval, Disapproval, and Lim-ited Approval and Disapproval of Air Quality Implementation Plans; California; Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA-R09-OAR- 2014-0746; FRL-9924-49-Region 9] received 
March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
874. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Deltamethrin; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0209; FRL-9924-60] received March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
875. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPA- HQ-SFUND-2014-0624, 0625; FRL-9924-32- OSWER] received March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
876. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Placer County Air Pollution Control District and the Ventura County Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0083; FRL-9924- 73-Region 9] received March 24, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
877. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Tennessee: Final Author-ization of State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program Revisions [EPA-R04-RCRA- 2014-0712; FRL-9924-83-Region 4] received March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
878. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Thiram; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0632; FRL-9924-86] re-ceived March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
879. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Withdrawal of Partial Exemp-tion for Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2014-0809; FRL-9924-84] (RIN: 2070- AK01) received March 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
880. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Mobil-
ity Division, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Part 90 of the Commission’s Rules [WP Docket No.: 07-100] received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
881. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 
final rule — Laboratory Investigations of Soils and Rocks for Engineering Analysis and Design of Nuclear Power Plants [Regu-latory Guide RG 1.138, Revision 3] received March 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
882. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to Support Document Require-ments for License Applications under the Ex-port Administration Regulations [Docket No.: 131018874-5199-02] (RIN: 0694-AG00) re-ceived March 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
883. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:51 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H26MR5.REC H26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2106 March 26, 2015 
of State, transmitting a certification pursu-
ant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Trans-mittal No.: DDTC 14-140); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
884. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-121); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
885. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-147); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
886. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-153); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
887. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-151); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
888. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: 14-141); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
889. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: 14-110); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
890. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting consistent with Title II of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2002 (Pub. L. 107-115), Executive Order 12163, as amended by Executive Order 13346, and fur-ther delegations of authority, the Deputy Secretary has extended the waiver of Sec. 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act, Pub. L. 102- 511, with respect to the Government of Azer-baijan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
891. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s annual Inter-national Narcotics Control Strategy Report, prepared in accordance with Sec. 489 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
892. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting two reports pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
893. A letter from the District of Columbia 
Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Oversight Improvements Must Continue to Ensure Accountability in Use of Public Funds by D.C. Public Charter Schools’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
894. A letter from the Co-Chief Privacy Of-
ficers, Federal Election Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Sec. 522 Privacy Report for FY 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. Sec. 2000ee-2; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
895. A letter from the Executive Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmitting the 2014 management reports for the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, pursuant to 
Sec. 306 of the Chief Financial Offers Act of 1990 (31 U.S.C. 9106); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
896. A letter from the Counsel to the In-
spector General, Office of the Inspector Gen-eral, General Services Administration, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
897. A letter from the Chairman and Gen-
eral Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s annual re-port, pursuant to the Buy American Act (Pub. L. 108-447, Sec. 641); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
898. A letter from the Director, National 
Science Foundation, transmitting the Na-tional Science Foundation’s FY 2014 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
899. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Economic Impact and Diversity, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accord-ance with the Office of Personnel Manage-ment regulation 5 CFR Sec. 724.302: No FEAR Act; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
900. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Systems; Redefinition of Certain Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206- AN10) received March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
901. A letter from the Chief Human Re-
sources Officer and Executive Vice Presi-dent, Postal Service, transmitting the Serv-ice’s annual report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2014, in compliance with the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107- 174, Sec. 203); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
902. A letter from the Chairman, Labor 
Member, and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting a report in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 552b(j), the annual report for Calendar Year 2014, of the United States Railroad Retirement Board, in com-pliance with the Government in the Sun-shine Act, Pub. L. 94-409, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
903. A letter from the Director, Govern-
ment Publishing Office, transmitting the an-nual report of the U.S. Government Pub-lishing Office for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2014; to the Committee on House Administration. 
904. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Mis-sissippi Abandoned Mine Land Plan [SATS No.: MS-024-FOR; Docket No.: OSM-2014-0005; S1D1SSS08011000SX066A00067F154S180110; S2D2SSS08011000SX066A00033F15XS501520] re-ceived March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
905. A letter from the Division Chief, Regu-
latory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas; Hy-draulic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands (RIN: 1004-AE26) received March 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
906. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Big Skate in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alas-
ka [Docket No.: 130925836-4174-02] (RIN: 0648- XD761) received March 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
907. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XD813) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
908. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands; 2015 and 2016 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XD587) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
909. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alas-ka; Final 2015 and 2016 Harvest Specifica-tions for Groundfish [Docket No.: 140918791- 4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XD516) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
910. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of National Marine Sanctuaries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Expansion of Gulf of the Farallones and Cordell Bank National Marine Sanc-tuaries, and Regulatory Changes [Docket No.: 130405335-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-BD18) re-ceived March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
911. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of National Marine Sanctuaries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Gulf of the Farallones and Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuaries Regula-tions on Introduced Species [Docket No.: 120809321-4999-03] (RIN: 0648-BC26) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
912. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of National Marine Sanctuaries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Olympic Coast National Marine Sanc-tuary Regulations; Correction [Docket No.: 140903747-4747-01] (RIN: 0648-BE48) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
913. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit In-crease [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648-XD790) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
914. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.000 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2107 March 26, 2015 
United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; 
Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117 052-4402- 02] (RIN: 0648-XD778) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
915. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Golden Tilefish Longline Component [Docket No.: 120404257-3325-02] (RIN: 0648- XD735) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
916. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Carib-bean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Amend-ment 20B; Correction [Docket No.: 131211999- 5045-02] (RIN: 0648-BD86) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
917. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Jig Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XD800) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
918. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648- XD803) received March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
919. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Southeast Regional Office Protected Resources Division, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing Operations; Bottlenose Dolphin Take Reduction Plan; Sea Turtle Conservation; Modification to Fishing Activities [Docket No.: 110812495-4999-03] (RIN: 0648-BB37) re-ceived March 25, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
920. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Conference’s Article III judgeship recommendations and corresponding draft legislation for the 114th Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
921. A letter from the Federal Liaison Offi-
cer, Patent and Trademark Office, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Changes to Implement the Hague Agreement Concerning Inter-national Registration of Industrial Designs [Docket No.: PTO-P-2013-0025] (RIN: 0651- AC87) received March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
922. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the report 
on the administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended for the six months ending June 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 923. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Conference’s bankruptcy judgeship recommendations and corresponding draft legislation for the 114th Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
924. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s Major final rule — Submission of Evidence in Disability Claims [Docket No.: SSA-2012-0068] (RIN: 0960-AH53) received March 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
925. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services; Attor-ney General, Department of Justice, trans-mitting the Annual Report on the Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Program for FY 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395i of the So-cial Security Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
926. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on counter-ISIL train and equip program and regional strategy, pursuant to Sec. 1209(b)(2) of Pub. L. 113-291; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services. 
927. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Department of Defense, transmitting addi-tional legislative proposals that the Depart-ment of Defense requests be enacted during the first session of the 114th Congress; joint-ly to the Committees on Armed Services, Education and the Workforce, and Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. W ALDEN , and Ms. 
ESHOO ): 
H.R. 1641. A bill to amend the National 
Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act to provide in-centives for the reallocation of Federal Gov-ernment spectrum for commercial use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 1642. A bill to designate the building 
utilized as a United States courthouse lo-cated at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 1643. A bill to promote neutrality, 
simplicity, and fairness in the taxation of digital goods and digital services; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for 
himself, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio): 
H.R. 1644. A bill to amend the Surface Min-
ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of environmental regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. VEASEY: 
H.R. 1645. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to urbanized area formula grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi): 
H.R. 1646. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to research how small and medium sized unmanned aerial systems could be used in an attack, how to prevent or mitigate the effects of such an attack, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 1647. A bill to recognize States’ au-
thority to regulate oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, de-velopment, and job creation; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 1648. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Interior to establish the Ronald Reagan Birthplace National Historic Site in Tam-pico, Illinois, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 1649. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Defense to enter into partnerships with Israel and other allies of the United States to develop technology to detect tunnels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, and Mr. B UCSHON ): 
H.R. 1650. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible pro-fessionals to freely contract, without pen-alty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare bene-ficiaries to use their Medicare benefits; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mrs. 
L
UMMIS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): 
H.R. 1651. A bill to reauthorize the Federal 
Land Transaction Facilitation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. N EAL, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. T ONKO , 
and Ms. K APTUR ): 
H.R. 1652. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax re-funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.000 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2108 March 26, 2015 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 1653. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the exclusion of Medicare coverage for hearing aids and ex-aminations therefor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C HABOT , 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , and Mr. I SSA): 
H.R. 1654. A bill to authorize the direct 
provision of defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Ms. 
M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. D ENT, and Mr. 
BARLETTA ): 
H.R. 1655. A bill to amend the Community 
Services Block Grant Act to reauthorize and modernize the Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONYERS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 1656. A bill to provide for additional 
resources for the Secret Service, and to im-prove protections for restricted areas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 1657. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent claims of the earned income tax credit by individuals re-ceiving work authorizations pursuant to de-ferred action programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and 
Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 1658. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to limit the circumstances in which official time may be used by a Federal employee; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself and Mr. 
D
ELANEY ): 
H.R. 1659. A bill to amend certain provi-
sions of the securities laws relating to the treatment of emerging growth companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. 
H
IMES): 
H.R. 1660. A bill to amend the Home Own-
ers’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings asso-ciations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. 
S
TIVERS , and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 1661. A bill to amend the Federal De-
posit Insurance Act to allow mutual capital certificates to satisfy capital requirements for mutual depositories; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
RUSH, and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 1662. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to replace the mortgage in-terest deduction with a nonrefundable credit for indebtedness secured by a residence, to provide affordable housing to extremely low- income families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. H ARPER , 
and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1663. A bill to greatly enhance Amer-
ica’s path toward energy independence and economic and national security, to rebuild our Nation’s aging roads, bridges, locks, and dams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, the Judiciary, Rules, the Budget, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 1664. A bill to authorize health insur-
ance issuers to continue to offer for sale cur-rent group and individual health insurance coverage in satisfaction of the minimum es-sential health insurance coverage require-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, 
Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
THORNBERRY , and Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 1665. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to equalize the excise tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petro-leum gas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self and Mr. T
IBERI ): 
H.R. 1666. A bill to require the use of two- 
phase selection procedures when design-build contracts are suitable for award to small business concerns; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia): 
H.R. 1667. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to require publication of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.R. 1668. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to provide for suspension of application of the Act to water releases by Federal and State agencies in river basins that are affected by drought, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Mr. 
B
URGESS ): 
H.R. 1669. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H.R. 1670. A bill to direct the Architect of 
the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. MULVANEY (for himself, Mr. 
H
ARRIS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. 
WOMACK ): 
H.R. 1671. A bill to preserve open competi-
tion and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Govern-ment contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. FATTAH (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C LAY, and 
Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 1672. A bill to provide for the sealing 
or expungement of records relating to Fed-eral nonviolent criminal offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1673. A bill to amend the Federal 
Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 to establish a sec-ondary reserve fund for a housing enterprise under conservatorship to protect taxpayers against loss in the event of a housing down-turn, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California): 
H.R. 1674. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to modify the dischargeability of debts for certain edu-cational payments and loans; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. 
D
ELANEY , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. 
POLIS): 
H.R. 1675. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to revise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclo-sures relating to compensatory benefit plans; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R USH, Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MOORE , and Mrs. L AWRENCE ): 
H.R. 1676. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to estab-lish a weekend and holiday feeding program to provide nutritious food to at-risk school children on weekends and during extended school holidays during the school year; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. S
ALM-
ON, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. F ARR, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C LAY, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.100 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2109 March 26, 2015 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. 
GRIFFITH ): 
H.R. 1677. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure health care coverage value and trans-parency for dental benefits under group health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. 
H
UNTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. L OBI-
ONDO ): 
H.R. 1678. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to establish a backup for the global positioning system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 1679. A bill to ensure the safe trans-
portation of Bakken crude oil by rail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida (for herself, 
Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE ): 
H.R. 1680. A bill to establish a pilot grant 
program to assist State and local law en-
forcement agencies in purchasing body-worn cameras for law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 1681. A bill to extend the authoriza-
tion for the major medical facility project to replace the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to manage the construc-tion of such project, to transfer the author-ity to carry out future major medical facil-ity projects of the Department from the Sec-retary to the Army Corps of Engineers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
R
ANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 1682. A bill to preserve knowledge and 
promote education about jazz in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. 
H
UNTER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
COLE, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
HARPER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROSS, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
ESTY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P ALAZZO , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S COTT 
of Virginia, Ms. H AHN, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C OOPER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , and Mr. W ITTMAN ): 
H.R. 1683. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the United States Coast Guard; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 1684. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution 
Act of 1990 and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and dam-ages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. B OST, and Mr. K INZINGER of Illi-
nois): 
H.R. 1685. A bill to require rulemaking by 
the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to address consider-ations in evaluating the need for public and individual disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself and Mr. 
WHITFIELD ): 
H.R. 1686. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by ex-tending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such bene-ficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk fac-tors for developing type 2 diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on sugar-sweetened beverages, to dedicate the revenues from such tax to the prevention, treatment, and research of diet-related health conditions in priority populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 1688. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to designate 20 graduate medical education residency positions specifically for the study of optometry; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. P ERRY ): 
H.R. 1689. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
certain foreign assistance to countries re-ceiving certain detainees transferred from 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY  
of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1690. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the 
‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse‘‘; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY , and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 1691. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to prohibit an institution of higher education located in the United States from participating in student assist-ance programs under title IV of such Act if the institution bans the display of the flag of the United States on its campus; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself and Ms. 
N
ORTON ): 
H.R. 1692. A bill to require public employ-
ees to perform the inspection of State and local surface transportation projects, and re-lated essential public functions, to ensure public safety, the cost-effective use of trans-portation funding, and timely project deliv-ery; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1693. A bill to rescind unobligated 
amounts for White House salaries and ex-penses; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, 
Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
and Mr. K INGof New York): 
H.R. 1694. A bill to amend MAP-21 to im-
prove contracting opportunities for veteran- owned small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. O LSON ): 
H.R. 1695. A bill to provide for parental no-
tification and intervention in the case of an unemancipated minor seeking an abortion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. GRAHAM (for herself and Mr. 
M
ILLER of Florida): 
H.R. 1696. A bill to amend the Harmonized 
Tariff Schedule of the United States to ex-tend the tariff preference level on imports of certain cotton and man-made fiber, fabric, apparel, and made-up goods from Bahrain under the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 1697. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the tax credit for electric vehicle recharging property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan (for 
himself and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York): 
H.R. 1698. A bill to amend design and con-
tent requirements for certain gold and silver coins, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 1699. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require Federal Prison Indus-tries to compete for its contracts minimizing its unfair competition with private sector firms and their non-inmate workers and em-powering Federal agencies to get the best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.100 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2110 March 26, 2015 
value for taxpayers’ dollars, to provide a 
five-year period during which Federal Prison Industries adjusts to obtaining inmate work opportunities through other than its manda-tory source status, to enhance inmate access 
to remedial and vocational opportunities and other rehabilitative opportunities to better prepare inmates for a successful return to so-ciety, to authorize alternative inmate work opportunities in support of non-profit orga-nizations and other public service programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. L EE, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 1700. A bill to amend section 292 of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act to require the Attorney General to appoint counsel for unaccompanied alien children and aliens with serious mental disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. JORDAN: 
H.R. 1701. A bill to restore Second Amend-
ment rights in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 1702. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that for purposes of computing the annuity of certain law en-forcement officers, any hours worked in ex-cess of the limitation applicable to law en-forcement availability pay and administra-tively uncontrollable overtime shall be in-cluded in such computation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. 
L
YNCH , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 1703. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to create protected credit re-ports for minors and protect the credit of mi-nors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1704. A bill to establish a nation data 
breach notification standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. 
W
ALZ): 
H.R. 1705. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to assist mu-nicipalities and regional sewer authorities that would experience a significant hardship raising the revenue necessary to finance projects and activities for the construction of wastewater treatment works, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of 
New York, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L EWIS, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
FARR, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and 
Ms. M OORE ): 
H.R. 1706. A bill to provide for the overall 
health and well-being of young people, in-cluding the promotion of comprehensive sex-
ual health and healthy relationships, the re-duction of unintended pregnancy and sexu-ally transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV, and the prevention of dating violence 
and sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. 
ELLISON ): 
H.R. 1707. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Frontline Providers Loan Repayment Pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Mr. R
AN-
GEL): 
H.R. 1708. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish a program of research regarding the risks posed by the presence of dioxin, synthetic fibers, chemical fragrances, and other components of femi-nine hygiene products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. T ONKO , and 
Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1709. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risks of drought to drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Ms. 
MATSUI , and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1710. A bill to amend the Water Re-
sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 to provide additional financing options for water infrastructure projects carried out in States in which the Governor of the State has issued a state of drought emergency dec-laration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. 
S
ALMON , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 1711. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to employee pro-tective arrangements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 1712. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to exempt providers of broadband Internet access service from Fed-eral universal service contributions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1713. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from Federal in-come taxation certain employer-provided student loan assistance, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D OLD, Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. F OXX, Mr. R USH, Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
HENSARLING , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
DENT, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 1714. A bill to reform the Federal 
sugar program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P ALM-
ER, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. B RAT): 
H.R. 1715. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
to carry out certain immigration-related memoranda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
POMPEO , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. W ILSON  
of South Carolina, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER ): 
H.R. 1716. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to exclude from creditable wages and self-employment income wages earned for services by aliens illegally per-formed in the United States and self-employ-ment income derived from a trade or busi-ness illegally conducted in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, 
Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
SIMPSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. T ONKO , 
and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 1717. A bill to provide for programs 
and activities with respect to the prevention of underage drinking; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Ms. 
F
UDGE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 1718. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for collegiate housing and infrastructure grants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 1719. A bill to expand geothermal pro-
duction, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mrs. 
E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , and Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 1720. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the exclusion for employer-provided dependent care assist-ance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.100 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2111 March 26, 2015 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. K ATKO , and 
Mr. R EED): 
H.R. 1721. A bill to reauthorize appropria-
tions for the National Women’s Rights His-tory Project Act; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. T SONGAS , 
and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): 
H.R. 1722. A bill to require a demonstration 
program on the accession as Air Force offi-cers of candidates with auditory impair-ments; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Ms. 
S
EWELL of Alabama): 
H.R. 1723. A bill to direct the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to revise Form S- 1 so as to permit smaller reporting compa-nies to use forward incorporation by ref-erence for such form; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 1724. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce Federal spending on surface transportation programs by limiting State and local taxation on purchases of con-struction materials made with funds made available from the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD (for himself, Mr. 
K
ENNEDY , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. P AL-
LONE ): 
H.R. 1725. A bill to amend and reauthorize 
the controlled substance monitoring pro-gram under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD (for himself, Ms. 
D
EGETTE , and Mr. R EED): 
H.R. 1726. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to dia-betes self-management training by author-izing certified diabetes educators to provide diabetes self-management training services, including as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD (for himself and 
Ms. D
EGETTE ): 
H.R. 1727. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage, as supplies associated with the injection of insulin, of containment, removal, decon-tamination and disposal of home-generated needles, syringes, and other sharps through a sharps container, decontamination/destruc-tion device, or sharps-by-mail program or similar program under part D of the Medi-care program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself 
and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington): 
H.R. 1728. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to im-prove the efficiency of summer meals; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1729. A bill to amend the Migratory 
Bird Treaty Act to exempt certain Alaskan Native articles from prohibitions against sale of items containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1730. A bill to amend the Alaska Na-
tive Claims Settlement Act to provide that Alexander Creek, Alaska, is and shall be rec-
ognized as an eligible Native village under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.J. Res. 39. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of con-secutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.J. Res. 40. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to end the practice of includ-ing more than one subject in a single law by requiring that each law enacted by Congress be limited to only one subject and that the subject be clearly and descriptively ex-pressed in the title of the law; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and 
Mr. B
ABIN): 
H.J. Res. 41. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H ARPER , 
and Mr. J ONES ): 
H. Con. Res. 30. Concurrent resolution sup-
porting the designation of the year of 2015 as the International Year of Soils and sup-porting locally led soil conservation; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H. Con. Res. 31. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H. Con. Res. 32. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional recess or adjourn-ment of the Senate; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RIBBLE (for himself, Mr. W
ALZ, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ATKO , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
SCHRADER , and Mr. W ALKER ): 
H. Con. Res. 33. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the Fed-eral excise tax on heavy-duty trucks should not be increased; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. VEASEY: 
H. Res. 175. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of March 2015 as ‘‘National Cheerleading Safety Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H. Res. 176. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of women in education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. K USTER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. G ABBARD ): 
H. Res. 177. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture 
in the United States, and that Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of ag-riculture in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. 
R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN ): 
H. Res. 178. A resolution honoring the ac-
complishments and legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada 
Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. 
TAKANO ): 
H. Res. 179. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of Defense should review sec-tion 504 of title 10, United States Code, for purposes related to enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H. Res. 180. A resolution congratulating 
the University of Kansas for 150 years of out-standing service to the State of Kansas, the United States, and the world; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , and Mr. L ANCE ): 
H. Res. 181. A resolution calling for the im-
mediate extradition or rendering to the United States of convicted felon William Mo-rales and all other fugitives from justice who are receiving safe harbor in Cuba in order to escape prosecution or confinement for crimi-nal offenses committed in the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. F ARR): 
H. Res. 182. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Youth HIV & AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H. Res. 183. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the week of April 13, 2015 through April 17, 2015 as National Spe-cialized Instructional Support Personnel Awareness Week; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H. Res. 184. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire the House to meet 5 days a week for 39 weeks each year; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
M
ARINO ): 
H. Res. 185. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-vide for the consideration of reported bills or joint resolutions that have not been consid-ered by the House within 60 calendar days; to the Committee on Rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.100 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2112 March 26, 2015 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. M ARINO , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G IBSON , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H. Res. 186. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, 
Ms. L
EE, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. V ELA, and Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H. Res. 187. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. 
D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia): 
H. Res. 188. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives with respect to promoting energy security of Eu-ropean allies through the opening of the Southern Gas Corridor; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 1642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 1643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution—known as the Commerce Clause, and Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 1644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. VEASEY: 
H.R. 1645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause (Art. 1. sec. 8 cl. 3) Necessary and Proper Clause (Art.1 Sec. 8 
cl. 18) 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 1646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 1647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 1648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 and Article IV, Section 
3. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 1649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Medicare is a health care program under 
current law that is operated by the federal government. This bill would improve the ef-ficiency, accessibility and fairness of the op-erations of this federal program, especially the purchase of services and freedom to con-tract between doctors and Medicare recipi-ents. This bill directly affects interstate commerce, which Congress has the power to regulate under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 1651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 2: The Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 1653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 1654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 1655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 1656. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 1657. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under 
the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-
lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any 
census or enumeration’’; 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 4, under the power ‘‘To es-
tablish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’; and 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power to ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution states ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 1659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 1660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 1661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, 
Clause 1. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to the Congress under Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution, and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 1664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 10th Amendment to the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 1665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1666. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MR7.100 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2113 March 26, 2015 
‘‘. . . and provide for the . . . general wel-
fare of the United States . . . ’’ 
‘‘. . . to make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
This legislation seeks to reform federal 
government contracting procedures under Section 3309 of title 41, U.S. Code. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 1667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.R. 1668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 1669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution 
gives Congress the authority to enact this legislation. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. MULVANEY: 
H.R. 1671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clausel of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 1672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the United States Constitution, the Con-gress shall have the power ‘‘[t]o regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 1674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 1675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legis-
lation regulates commerce between the states. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, providing 
Congress with the authority to enact legisla-tion necessary to execute one of its enumer-ated powers, such as Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is being introduced in 
order to amend ERISA—which was passed based on a combination of Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 (commerce clause) and Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 (the necessary and proper clause). 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 1678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 1679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 1680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The United States Constitution: Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 1681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 1682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I Sec. 8 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H.R. 1683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: Congress shall have 
the Power to . . . coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures . . . 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 1684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Commercial 
Activity Regulation 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 1685. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the 
Necessary and Proper Clause. The bill is con-stitutionally authorized under the Necessary and Proper Clause, which supports the ex-pansion of congressional authority beyond the explicit authorities that are directly dis-cernible from the text. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 1686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 3 and 18. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 1688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 1689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 1690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United 
States Constitution: To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of Particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, be-come the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 1691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 1692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is authorized to enact this legis-
lation under the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Addi-tionally, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to the Preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘to promote the general welfare.’’ 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States:’’ 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carry into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 1694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 1695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States.’’ The Parental Notification and Intervention Act specifically establishes a federal nexus in that it applies to ‘‘any per-son or organization in or affecting interstate commerce.’’ 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: ‘‘No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.046 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2114 March 26, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
The Parental Notification and Interven-
tion Act also establishes a federal nexus in that it specifically applies ‘‘any person or or-ganization . . . who solicits or accepts fed-eral funds.’’ The power to appropriate money and make laws to execute this power, gives Congress the authority to make laws affect-ing persons or entities that accept federal funds. 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 1696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 1697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 1698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8—To coin Money, regu-
late the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Meas-ures 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 1699. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Amendment X—Nothing in the Constitu-
tion authorizes the Federal government to do anything other than those things enumer-ated (coin money, enter into treaties, con-duct a Census—which are inherently govern-mental). Thus, under Amendment X, the right to carry out commercial activities is reserved to the States, respectively, or to the people. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 1700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. JORDAN: 
H.R. 1701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grant Congress the author-ity to enact this bill. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 1707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 1708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. Clause 3, which reads: 
to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 1709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 1710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H.R. 1711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution, which states, ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 1712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 & Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 1713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 1714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have 
Power to regulate Commerce with foreign 
Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.R. 1715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution pro-
vides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘es-tablish a uniform rule of naturalization.’’ 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 1716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 1717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 1718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 1719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the 
Constitution (‘‘The Congress shall have the Power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’). 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 1720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 8. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER: 
H.R. 1721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 1723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 1724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.R. 1725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.R. 1726. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.050 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2115 March 26, 2015 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
AND Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.R. 1727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 1730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.J. Res. 39. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the United States Constitu-
tion: The Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution . . . which . . . shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conven-tions in three fourths thereof. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.J. Res. 40. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the United States Constitu-
tion: The Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution . . . which . . . shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conven-tions in three fourths thereof. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.J. Res. 41. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution, which grants 
Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both Houses deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 24: Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 121: Mr. Russell. H.R. 131: Mr. W
ITTMAN . 
H.R. 156: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 160: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 167: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 200: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 232: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 235: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 267: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 292: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 313: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 413: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 423: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 463: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. B RADY of 
Texas. 
H.R. 465: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 472: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 511: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 542: Mr. W ALZand Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 546: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 572: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 594: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 597: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 612: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 625: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 628: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 650: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 656: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 661: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 681: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 685: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 696: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 703: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 704: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida. 
H.R. 711: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 712: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 723: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 727: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 735: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 738: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 766: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 767: Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 797: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 816: Mr. M ICA, Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 824: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 845: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 893: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. S AMJOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. R IGELL , 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C RENSHAW , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. 
LIPINSKI . 
H.R. 903: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 911: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 928: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 973: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 981: Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 985: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R USH, and Mr. 
DENT. 
H.R. 990: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 999: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1088: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 1089: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1095: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. L EWIS and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1105: Mrs. R OBY, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 1139: Mr. H OYER . 
H.R. 1143: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
TIBERI . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1194: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1195: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1199: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1215: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1218: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1250: Mr. G OHMERT and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
HURDof Texas, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1269: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. E NGEL , and 
Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1295: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1298: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B ABIN, 
Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
CALVERT , and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1314: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1323: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1331: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1346: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. D UFFY , 
and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1391: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 1397: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1413: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1435: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. B ARR, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1466: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1470: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. G RIFFITH and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1492: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1500: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1506: Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1511: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1529: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 1530: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 1538: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. H ANNA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.053 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2116 March 26, 2015 
H.R. 1545: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1548: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1552: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1553: Mr. B LUM and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1585: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1594: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. L ONG, Mr. H UELSKAMP , and 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1619: Mr. C LAY, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. 
PIERLUISI . H.R. 1622: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1627: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. S IRES, Ms. G ABBARD , and 
Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H. Res. 102: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 122: Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. W ALZ. PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
7. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City of Robbinsdale, Minnesota, relative to Resolution No. 7402, opposing the proposed CP-BNSF connection because of the signifi-cant impact it would have to public safety, commerce, and quality of life; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR7.043 H26MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1959 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 2015 No. 51 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Master of our hopes and dreams, who 
constantly works for the good of those who love You, teach us to strive to be faithful. As we anticipate a long and challenging day, remind us that You call us not to success but to faithful-ness. 
Give our Senators and the members 
of their staffs the wisdom to make the commitment to be true to You and to serve Your purposes. Let not discord-ant notes destroy the melody of their labors as they seek Your counsel and wisdom. 
Lord, guide our great Nation. Help it 
to be a lighthouse to a dark and turbu-lent world. Prosper the works of our hands until the kingdoms of this world become the springboard for Your eter-nal reign. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
A BALANCED BUDGET 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
years, the Democrat-led Senate refused to pass a balanced budget. It usually failed to produce any budget at all. 
Maybe this made the special interests happy, but it was infuriating for many in the middle class. These Americans called for change. 
Today, a Senate under new manage-
ment is delivering that change. The new Senate is prepared to pass a bal-anced budget with ideas that could boost jobs, raise annual wages by as much as $5,000 per family, and drive economic growth for hard-working Americans. That is what the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office tells us, and it is no wonder. 
This balanced budget would embrace 
the energy revolution and allow for more environmentally responsible in-novations. It would repeal unfair taxes such as those in ObamaCare and set the table for more comprehensive replace-ment of the outdated Tax Code with one that is simpler and more effective. And it would provide tools finally to repeal and replace ObamaCare itself, leaving the law’s higher costs and bro-ken promises where they belong—in the past—in favor of a fresh start and the opportunity for real health reform. 
So while this balanced budget might 
upset special interests, that is OK, be-cause it is focused on the middle class instead. It is focused on helping the most vulnerable too. 
Here is what we know about impor-
tant programs such as Medicare. We can make commonsense improvements to save these programs today or we can allow draconian cuts to fall on the most vulnerable in the years ahead. These are essentially our only two op-tions. We can’t tax the problem away. Denying the facts won’t help either. 
So we invite all of our friends to join 
us as positive reformers, not insensi-tive deniers. Let’s work together to im-prove Medicaid as this balanced budget proposes. While our balanced budget cannot solve every challenge, it will move us further down the path of posi-tive reform. It will make government more efficient, more effective, and more accountable to the middle class. The budget also contains a good-faith 
compromise to begin the legislative process for the Defense authorization bill we will consider later this year, when additional OCO funds can be pru-dently reallocated against the actual procurement and modernization needs of our military, if only for the coming fiscal year. This is the best strategy, short of revising the BCA, for keeping faith with our armed services, and it is the best option we currently have for leaving the next President in a better position to face global challenges. 
So I wish to thank Chairman E
NZIfor 
all of his good work in putting this bal-anced budget together. It certainly wasn’t easy. It is a good balanced budg-et that everyone should want to sup-port. 
That is especially true when we com-
pare it to the other alternatives here. It is the only alternative, actually, since our friends still don’t seem to be in the habit of producing a budget of their own. 
The alternative on offer was the 
budget we voted on Tuesday from President Obama. Someone called it the left’s dream budget. But that dream ended up being so unserious and embarrassing that not more than a sin-gle Democrat could muster the courage to vote for it. In a way, it is hard to blame our friends. It would be pretty embarrassing and insensitive to sup-port a budget that contains trillions more in overspending, almost $2 tril-lion more in taxes, and hardly any seri-ous ideas to save the programs for the most vulnerable. 
No wonder this budget went down in 
flames 98 to 1—98 to 1. That was the vote on the President’s budget. That 98, by the way, was against the Presi-dent’s budget. 
So only one budget remains. It is a 
balanced budget that will focus on growth, common sense, and the middle class. It isn’t perfect, but it does rep-resent honest compromise and the promise of a better tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1960 March 26, 2015 
If Senators would prefer to amend it, 
they will have that opportunity this evening. Members of both parties will be able to offer amendments. I know many of our friends across the aisle are eager to do that. Republicans will have their chance too. There is a lot we ex-pect to consider. 
For instance, do Senators want to be 
seen supporting a policy that costs up to a million jobs or will they stand tall for American jobs instead? Will Sen-ators support more tired tax hikes or will they support the jobs those higher taxes threaten to destroy? And do Sen-ators want to raise the cost of energy or do they want to see the American people reap benefits of our energy revo-lution? 
So tonight, the American people will 
have their voices heard again in the Senate under new management. They will see a new Congress that is back to work again and on their behalf. After considering all of these amendments, we will take a vote. When the budget passes, we will conference with the House. That is how this process has worked historically. It is what the American people have a right to expect now, and that is what we hope to see again shortly. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
THE VOTE-ARAMA 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, before the 
Republican leader leaves, in the weath-er reports today, they forecast snow starting late today. Maybe that will calm down the generosity of the offer-ing of amendments today, because snow is going to continue until tomor-row. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I would say to my 
friend, the Democratic leader, the his-tory of this exercise is that the late-ness of the evening affects the number of amendments we have, and we will finish the process just as early as Mem-bers would like to finish the process. 
I know the Democratic leader and I 
both look forward to it. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate 
the cooperation between Senator S AND-
ERSand Senator E NZIin our arriving at 
the point we are now. The Republicans have a totally different vision of what the country is and should be than we have, but the debate between these two good Senators has been civil. It has been very polite. It is the way things should happen around here. So I appre-ciate that very much. 
The Republican budget makes clear 
the priorities of the Republicans. Re-publicans would get two-thirds of their cuts from low-income Americans, but they would not plug one single loop-hole for corporations or the rich—and I 
mean the mega rich—not a penny. They would double down on harmful se-questration, which is when automatic cuts occur across the board. We know how disastrous this has been. 
For the 1 year it was in effect—take, 
for example, the National Institutes of Health—almost $2 billion they lost that 1 year. 
On the floor is the senior Senator 
from the State of Illinois. I have heard him speak here on the floor about what a difficult time the people at NIH are having because they don’t have enough money to do basic research. The se-questration that was put upon us last time caused the NIH to stop their re-search on a universal flu vaccine. Hun-dreds of thousands of people die around the world every year, and tens of thou-sands of people die every year in the United States because of flu. They were close to having a universal flu vaccine that would take care of this. 
Sequestration is awful. It is part of 
the Republican budget. They are dou-bling down on this harmful sequestra-tion on health, education, and even na-tional defense. 
Talk about a gimmick. This is a 
doozy, what they are trying to do with defense, to try to pretend they are going to put $38 billion more in the De-fense budget. But it is pretend, because even looking at the Republican budget, it is not possible to do. Once even the Republican hawks look at this, they will say: Well, maybe we are not going to get that $38 billion. 
So their budget has lots of gim-
micks—lots of gimmicks. It has been written about all over the country in editorials from east to west and from north to south. 
Fortunately for the country, the Re-
publican budget will not become law. 
Will the Chair announce the business 
of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 11, which the clerk will re-port. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) 
setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
Pending: 
Enzi (for Kirk) amendment No. 545, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to reimposing waived sanctions and im-posing new sanctions against Iran for viola-tions of the Joint Plan of Action or a com-prehensive nuclear agreement. 
Rounds/Inhofe amendment No. 412, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-vent the Environmental Protection Agency 
and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service from engaging in closed-door settle-ment agreements that ignore impacted States and counties. 
Rubio modified amendment No. 423, to in-
crease new budget authority fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budg-et function 050). 
Daines amendment No. 388, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the designation of national monuments. 
Daines amendment No. 389, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to hold-ing Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives accountable for failing to pass a balanced budget. 
Moran amendment No. 356, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-viding health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that provides the care sought by the veteran. 
Roberts/Flake amendment No. 352, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to Federal employee performance awards. 
Roberts amendment No. 462, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to over- the-counter medications. 
Vitter amendment No. 515, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to re-quiring the Federal Government to allow states to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
Vitter amendment No. 811, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to end-ing Washington’s illegal exemption from Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Gardner amendment No. 443, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-tecting privately held water rights and per-mits. 
Coats/Warner amendment No. 595, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to improve cybersecurity. 
Coats amendment No. 368, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-viding States the Medicaid flexibility they need to implement innovative reforms to im-prove care and enhance access for our Na-tion’s most vulnerable. 
Daines amendment No. 465, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to Sec-ond Amendment rights. 
Daines amendment No. 387, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to post-al reform. 
Wyden/Crapo amendment No. 434, to pro-
vide for an adjustment to committee alloca-tions for wildfire suppression funding. 
Paul amendment No. 940, to increase new 
budget authority for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050) with offsets. 
Sanders (for Murray/Alexander) amend-
ment No. 697, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation that reforms and strengthens elementary and secondary edu-cation. 
Sanders (for Murray) amendment No. 798, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. 
Sanders (for Cantwell) amendment No. 800, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund re-lating to a comprehensive approach to crude- by-rail safety. 
Sanders (for Murray) amendment No. 812, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide women with affordable access to comprehensive health care, including pre-ventative services (such as contraception and breast cancer screenings), improve ma-ternal health, and ensure that a woman has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1961 March 26, 2015 
the same benefits and services no matter 
what part of the United States she lives in, all of which is critical to improving the health and well-being of women, children, their families, and society as a whole, and is an essential part of a woman’s economic se-curity and opportunity. 
Sanders (for Murray) amendment No. 951, 
to establish and fund a new Federal-State partnership to expand access to high-quality preschool programs for children from low- and moderate-income families, offset with revenue from closing loopholes. 
Sanders (for Durbin/Coons) amendment No. 
345, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing funding for Fed-eral investments in biomedical and basic sci-entific research. 
Sanders (for Durbin) amendment No. 817, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide tax benefits to patriot employers that invest in American jobs and provide fair pay and benefits to workers and to eliminate tax benefits for corporations that ship jobs or profits overseas. 
McCain/Flake amendment No. 360, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to deterring the migration of unaccom-panied children from El Salvador, Guate-mala, and Honduras. 
Wyden/Bennet amendment No. 708, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to simplifying and expanding tax incen-tives for higher education to boost student attendance and completion. 
Wyden amendment No. 791, to strike rec-
onciliation instructions to the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Finance and require regular order. 
Wyden amendment No. 870, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ex-tending tax provisions expiring in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, such as those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014. 
Heller amendment No. 453, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to en-suring that the Secretary of Transportation prioritizes the construction of projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors on the Na-tional Highway System, which will improve the safe, secure, and efficient movement of people and goods through the United States and facilitate economic development and create jobs in the United States. 
Heller amendment No. 452, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to en-suring that the Secretary of the Interior en-ters into candidate conservation agreements with each of the relevant 11 Western States before the United States Fish and Wildlife Service makes a listing determination on the greater sage-grouse under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973. 
Heller amendment No. 457, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-hibition of Veterans Benefits Administration executive bonuses until the backlog of dis-ability claims for veterans is eliminated. 
Heller amendment No. 456, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to en-suring that medical facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs meet the privacy, dignity, and safety needs of women veterans. 
Coons/Bennet amendment No. 343, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to preserving mandatory appropriations for ag-ricultural conservation programs. 
Coons amendment No. 391, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the expansion of access to the income tax credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employers. 
Coons/Rubio amendment No. 392, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting the use of college savings ac-counts while students are in elementary school and secondary school. Coons amendment No. 394, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to spe-cial treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies. 
Coons amendment No. 802, to offset the 
costs of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
Baldwin amendment No. 432, to provide ad-
ditional resources to create the opportunity for more Americans to obtain a higher edu-cation and advanced job skills by supporting two free years of community college paid for by raising revenue through requiring mil-lionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share. 
Baldwin amendment No. 436, to preserve 
the point of order against the reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit or reduce a surplus. 
Manchin amendment No. 694, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to in-vesting in advanced fossil energy technology research and development. 
Manchin amendment No. 578, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ad-dressing methamphetamine abuse in the United States. 
Whitehouse amendment No. 700, to ensure 
high-income earners pay a fair share in taxes and to use the revenue to invest in repairing our Nation’s bridges, coastal infrastructure, and damage from wildfires. 
Whitehouse/Udall amendment No. 867, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to making it more difficult for corpora-tions and billionaires to secretly influence elections by making unlimited undisclosed campaign expenditures, and to prevent such entities from evading campaign finance law, including through making false statements to government agencies. 
Whitehouse amendment No. 895, to pro-
hibit budget resolutions that support cutting over $1,000,000,000,000 in spending without identifying specific programmatic effects. 
Casey amendment No. 632, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-viding reasonable accommodations for preg-nant workers. 
Casey amendment No. 633, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to en-hancing the child and dependent care tax credit. 
Merkley/Coons amendment No. 842, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to consumer financial protection. 
Merkley amendment No. 843, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to re-storing reductions in the Republican budget to the Stafford loan program that would mandate that students currently in college pay interest on their loans before they have received their education benefits, to make college more affordable, to reduce the debt burden of students, and to help graduates af-ford to pay back student loans. 
Merkley/Brown amendment No. 952, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to establishing a more level playing field in trade agreements. 
Merkley amendment No. 953, to save stu-
dent financial aid and reduce the student loan debt levels in the Republican budget by 15 percent by eliminating new mandated in-terest charged while students are still in school. 
Blumenthal amendment No. 825, to expand 
the deficit-neutral reserve fund for veterans and servicemembers. 
Cassidy amendment No. 341, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the promotion of United States offshore energy production. 
Cassidy amendment No. 539, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to im-proving Medicaid based on successful and bi-partisan State demonstration projects. 
Cassidy amendment No. 795, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to au-thorizing Federal permitting for manufac-
turing and energy construction projects re-lating to national primary or secondary am-bient air quality standard for ozone lower than a certain existing standard. 
Coons (for Bennet) amendment No. 715, to 
create clean energy jobs through predictable and fair incentives for renewable energy. 
Murkowski (for Thune) amendment No. 
607, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to allow for the permanent elimination of the Federal estate tax. 
Murkowski (for Thune) amendment No. 
743, to reduce funding for the General Serv-ices Administration by $1,000,000 until 50 per-cent of counties in nonattainment for the 1997 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for ground-level ozone as of Janu-ary 30, 2015, achieve the air quality standard set forth in the 1997 NAAQS, and direct those funds to the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency for the purpose of helping municipalities reach attainment with the 2008 NAAQS for ground-level ozone, acknowledging that (1) given limited State and Federal resources and the delay of the Administrator in issuing to States imple-mentation guidance for the 2008 ground-level ozone NAAQS, priority should be given to achieving the 2008 standard, (2) the Adminis-trator has not sufficiently implemented that standard, (3) focusing by the Administrator on the most polluted areas that are in non-attainment with that standard would benefit public health, and (4) promulgating a lower standard at this time would impose undue costs on the economy and workforce of the United States. 
Murkowski/Sullivan amendment No. 838, to 
establish a spending-neutral reserve fund re-lating to the disposal of certain Federal land. 
Murkowski amendment No. 770, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers. 
Gardner (for Ayotte) amendment No. 485, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits. 
Gardner (for Ayotte) amendment No. 490, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to address the disproportionate regulatory bur-dens on community bankers. 
Gardner (for Ayotte) amendment No. 852, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund re-lating to providing small business regulatory relief and preventing duplicative regulations for investment advisors. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this has 
been an important week for the Senate as we work to set spending goals for our Nation. Before this year, the Sen-ate has only been able to pass two budgets in the past 6 years. Now that Congress is under new management, we are on track to pass a budget after only 3 months. 
The reason we are working so hard is 
to restore the trust of the American people, who want and deserve more ef-fective and efficient government. This week, as part of the Senate’s regular order, we have been debating and offer-ing amendments and have actually voted more than a dozen times on how best to set spending limits and make government live within its means, in-cluding votes to protect property rights of all Americans and to save Medicare. 
The spending goals and limits we 
have set are why passing a budget is so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1962 March 26, 2015 
important to our Nation. They let con-
gressional policymakers who actually allocate the dollars get to work by fol-lowing our spending limits. Without that, they are delayed. 
We have had that situation for a 
number of years, in which the fiscal year actually ends and we don’t have the spending bills done. That is what happens with government shutdowns. That is what happens with extending its ability to operate without having a budget. That shouldn’t happen. 
So we want to get a budget passed by 
April 15 so that the spending commit-tees can get busy looking at their areas of jurisdiction, their specific areas of interest, to come up with the best poli-cies possible that have a total spending package that will keep government op-erating and meeting its objectives as the people expect. 
But today is the day for which we all 
have been waiting. Today the Senate will begin voting on many amendments offered this week by way of what is af-fectionately known as a vote-arama. We will start voting early this after-noon, and we will continue until we are exhausted, until we are done, until peo-ple think their amendments have been covered sufficiently. That is the way 
we do it in the Senate. 
The Senate debate on this balanced 
budget demonstrates that Congress is doing its part to deliver a healthy economy for each and every American. The important first steps we have taken this week will help deliver a gov-ernment that is more accountable, which is absolutely essential for strong job growth and job creation. This budg-et will help every American who wants to find a good-paying job and a ful-filling career. 
I am incredibly proud of my col-
leagues who are working together to deliver real solutions, real results, and real progress for hard-working tax-payers. 
I find this a little bit stressful. I am 
an accountant. I have found a way to escape some of that tension. I have been reading the Tax Code, and it is time for us to reform the Tax Code. There are hundreds of pages on minor decisions, on different ways of calcu-lating it, and I am excited that we are going to do that. One of the things both sides of the aisle have talked about is speculation on tax reform. Tax reform needs to be done in a bipartisan way. I know the chairman of the Finance Committee and the ranking member on the Finance Committee have already been working on it. We have subgroups set up to solve different parts of the Tax Code, and I am confident we can do that. There are general instructions in the budget bill that allow some lati-tude to the Finance Committee in a number of different ways, and I am hoping we can wind up with a simpler Tax Code, one that will not take care of my frustrations in future years, but will ease the frustrations of the Amer-ican people as to taxes. 
There has been a lot of speculation 
on where budget cuts are being made. I know there is a lot of frustration on 
the other side. Our budget sets limits for the different spending groups. It doesn’t get into the details. The people who know the details in those areas are on the committees, and they can make better decisions than we as the Budget Committee can make. I do point out frequently that part of my discovery during this process was that there are 260 programs whose authorizations have expired. That means the specific committees that came up with the idea for these programs haven’t looked at them for some time, and that didn’t stop us from going ahead and funding them anyway. They have expired, but in some cases we are spending four times as much as what was originally envisioned for that particular program. Does it amount to much money? It amounts to $293 billion a year—$293 bil-lion a year. If the committees do their work, there is a lot of money available for the areas outside of defense. 
Defense has its authorization done 
every year, so they are in a different category from all of the rest of the Federal Government programs. So if you are thinking there are a lot of hands tied on what can be done, there is $293 billion out there that is being spent that has expired and ought to be looked at. In businesses, they have to look at their expenses every single year and see where they can cut in order to continue the business. Around here one of those programs hasn’t been looked at since 1983. 
So there is a lot of work for us to do. 
It is all included in the budget. I hope we can finish the budget tonight and put everybody to work on these extra tasks. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I heard 
my friend from Wyoming say he is re-lieving his stress over the budget by reading the Tax Code. In my religion, when you go to confession, you are given a penance for your sins. I cannot think of a more awesome penance than reading the Tax Code. I certainly hope it gives my friend from Wyoming a good frame of mind as he attacks this vote-arama. 
I am going to be brief because our 
ranking member on the budget has ar-rived on the floor, but I do want to say this: Budgets make choices, and there are one or two choices—certainly more than one or two but one or two that I would like to highlight that I think are worrisome. 
The Republican budget eliminates 
health insurance for 27 million Ameri-cans. That is 9 percent of people in America who would lose their health insurance protection because of the Re-publican budget. Part of it is the pas-sionate refusal of the Republicans to accept the Affordable Care Act, which now in itself protects 15 to 16 million Americans. We have said to them, if you don’t like the Affordable Care Act, give us an alternative, and they have yet to do so—and, frankly, because it is 
fairly difficult, as it was passing this bill. But to take health insurance away from 27 million Americans and say that is going to make a better life for work-ing families? No, it will not. It will make a bigger challenge for these fami-lies which will be extremely difficult. 
Secondly, I am worried and I think 
other Members from both sides of the aisle share concerns about sequestra-tion cuts when it comes to areas such as biomedical research. How in the world can we justify cutting research from the National Institutes of Health to find cures for diseases such as can-cer, Alzheimer’s, diabetes—the list goes on. If we believe we are making a better America by cutting back re-search and innovation, particularly biomedical research, it is extremely shortsighted. When I take a look at the 200 or so pending amendments on budg-et resolution, it looks like there are 10 of them—including one I am going to offer—relative to medical research. Democrats and Republicans are saying spare this area of Federal spending. I would like to propose that all of us who share this goal on both sides of the aisle join in an effort to make sure this is treated differently in our budget. It shouldn’t be subject to mindless and deep cuts in biomedical research, which will deny to a lot of suffering people the hope they need and deny cures that will not only save lives but save dramatic amounts of money. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, when 
we look at budgets, we look essentially at two things. First off, we look at what the budget actually does, because it is a set of priorities, and we look at what the budget does not do. 
Any sensible group of people, wheth-
er it is a family, whether it is local government, State government, wheth-er it is a business—people sit around the table and say, OK, these are our needs, this is what we have to address or this is no longer relevant or this is wasteful and we have to get rid of it. That is what a budget process is about. 
When you examine the Republican 
budget, it almost seems they turn that equation upside down and they do ev-erything we should not be doing and they don’t do what we should be doing. The overall reality of America that most people understand is the middle class of this country for the last 40 years has been shrinking. Yes, we are in a lot better shape today than we were when President Bush left office, but real unemployment is 11 percent. We have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. De-spite the modest gains to the Afford-able Care Act, 35 million Americans still have no health insurance. Millions of families—whether it is in Nevada or Vermont—are wondering how in God’s name they are going to be able to send their kids to college when school is so expensive. What happens to those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1963 March 26, 2015 
young people when they leave school 
deeply in debt? 
People are working in Vermont, in 
Nevada, in Wyoming for horrendously low wages because we have a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, and people are wondering why it is that they work 40 hours a week and still have to go to the emergency food shelf to put food on the table. Those are some of the issues the American people are talking about and they are thinking about, and they won-der, How does it happen that while they are working longer hours for low wages, the people on top and the large profitable corporations are doing phe-nomenally well? How does it happen that in the last 2 years, 14 of the wealthiest people in this country have seen a $157 billion increase in their wealth? How does it happen that one family, the Walton family, owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people? How does it hap-pen that 99 percent of all new income generated in America since the Wall Street crash goes to the top 1 percent? 
Those are the issues the American 
people are wondering about. Why, with an increase in productivity, am I work-ing longer hours for lower wages? Why, if I am a woman worker, do I make 78 cents on the dollar compared to a male worker? Those are the questions. 
Then you look at the Republican 
budget. The Republican budget does nothing to address the real problems except to make them worse. One of the problems, to be very frank, and works to the Republicans’ advantage—and I have to say this, frankly—the Repub-lican budget is so outrageous that when we explain it, people don’t be-lieve what we are saying. Senator D
UR-
BINmade the point—no debate here—if 
I am wrong, somebody jump up and correct me. The Republican budget eliminates the Affordable Care Act, right? It does that, and 16 million Americans lose their health insur-ance—16 million people have no health insurance. But that is not enough. The Republican budget cuts over $400 bil-lion in Medicaid. That is another 11 million people losing their health in-surance—16 plus 11 is 27 million people losing health insurance. 
Does anybody in America think that 
makes any sense at all? These are men, women, children. You cut Medicaid and you throw people off. These are preg-nant women who need to go to the doc-tor to make sure the baby they are car-rying is healthy or little babies who are born. That is what they do. 
But meanwhile, here is something 
they do not do. When they get up there and say this budget does not include any tax increases, they are right. I can see that. They are right. But what they are really saying is: We will not—we will never ask the billionaires in this country to pay a nickel more in taxes. We will not ask the one out of four major corporations that pay nothing in taxes to start paying their fair share of taxes. We will make it harder for kids to go to college, we will throw people off of health insurance, but we will not 
ask the rich and the powerful to pay more in taxes. 
That is what this budget debate is 
about, and I hope the American people pay attention to that. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 689 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 689. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 689. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the dynamic scoring 
provision) 
On page 104, line 16, after ‘‘shall provide’’ 
insert ‘‘, in addition to the estimate of budg-etary effects without macroeconomic effects, an estimate of the budgetary effects from changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, interest rates, and other mac-roeconomic variables resulting from the major legislation and’’ 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we 
had an energetic discussion this morn-ing about the budget that is before us. The amendment I am going to offer will help us have a better process to get to pro-growth tax reform to actu-ally get this economy growing. 
My colleague, Senator S
ANDERS , 
talked about the fact that real unem-ployment is far higher than the num-bers that are officially reported. I agree with him on that. I agree with him that the economy is not out of the woods, and I agree with him that a lot of people are left behind and will con-tinue to be until we get this economy growing the way you normally see an economy grow during a recovery. It is the weakest economic recovery, econo-mists tell us, since the Great Depres-sion; that is, measured in terms of eco-nomic growth, GDP, and in terms of job growth. 
So what this budget does is it puts in 
place the process for us to actually get pro-growth on policies: yes, on health care; yes, on taxes, on regulations, and so on to be able to move the economy forward. It was President John F. Ken-nedy who said that ‘‘a rising tide lifts all boats.’’ Now, some people get stuck on the shoals and we need to take care of them too. That is why this budget also has a strong safety net necessary to get economic growth—not sufficient but necessary. That is what this budget does. 
By the way, the nonpartisan Congres-
sional Budget Office—not the Repub-licans, not I—the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office looks at this budg-et and says, you know what. By bal-
ancing the budget in 10 years—bal-ancing the budget—therefore, reducing the amount of deficits and the huge debt overhang—a record level of debt we have in our country right now—that will result in more economic growth and more jobs. That is what the Con-gressional Budget Office said. So this notion that somehow by actually deal-ing with the debt and deficit and by ac-tually having a balanced budget is bad for the economy—it is just the oppo-site. This is a first but incredibly im-portant step to getting this economy back on track and to bringing back these jobs. 
By the way, this is about not just 
economic growth but about better jobs, about rising wages, and it is about get-ting to a situation where instead of having wages going down—which is what has been happening over the last 6 years—we can actually see wages go up. On average, wages have gone down about 8 percent. So for working fami-lies in Ohio and around this country, we have seen wages go down 8 percent. By the way, half of that reduction in wages came during the so-called recov-ery. So something is not working. Part of what is not working is running these hundreds of billions of dollars of deficit every year and spending more than this place takes in every year and building up these levels of debt that are unprec-edented—over $18 trillion. 
We did vote on the President’s budget 
yesterday. It is the only alternative we have to be able to compare what this side of the aisle wants to do and what the other side of the aisle wants to do. In the budget the President put out, there was an $8 trillion increase—in-crease—in the debt over the next 10 years. That is adding to the over $7 trillion of debt that has been added over the last 6 years under the Obama administration. That may be why not a lot of people voted for the budget that the President presented. In fact, only one person did—1 out of 100. The reason is, it adds so much more debt and so much more in annual deficits that it actually puts that wet blanket over the economy and doesn’t enable us to see the economic growth we want. 
So one element of growth, as the 
chairman of the Budget Committee talked about this morning, is tax re-form. I think everybody acknowledges that our Tax Code is antiquated. It is out of date. It is inefficient. It does not let us compete around the world. So workers in Ohio are competing with one hand tied behind their backs be-cause our Tax Code is so inefficient that it does not let them compete ef-fectively around the world. 
So let’s reform the Tax Code. Every-
body who looks at it—economists right, left, or center—agrees the Tax Code does not work. They have dif-ferent ideas on how to fix it, but they all say: if you could fix this Tax Code, you would see more growth. 
By the way, you would see not just 
more jobs but better jobs. If you look 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1964 March 26, 2015 
at the issue of business tax reform— 
there is actually a lot of similarity be-tween what the administration is talk-ing about and what Members of Con-gress on my side of the aisle are talk-ing about. The economic analysis there is that the No. 1 impact of having the highest business tax rate in all the de-veloped world is on wages and benefits. The No. 1 beneficiary will be workers because they are going to see their wages go up and they are going to see their benefits go up. These are the mid-dle-class jobs we want to create in this country. 
So let’s have this tax reform. Let’s 
make sure it is pro-growth. 
Now back to this amendment and 
why it is so important to that. This is an amendment that says: Let’s require the Joint Committee on Taxation— that is the group who handles scoring those tax reform proposals—to give us the right analysis so we can come up with pro-job, pro-growth tax reform that will actually enable us to bring back these good middle-class jobs. That is what this amendment says. It requires them to provide us what is called macroeconomic scoring. 
Right now, unbelievably, when you 
provide a tax reform proposal on the floor of the Senate, what you get back is just a static score that has no rela-tionship to what the impact will be on the economy. It assumes there will be zero impact on the economy. Now, no-body believes that. Everyone knows tax changes will have some impact on the economy—good, bad, indifferent— yet we do not have that information to be able to ensure that we are writing the right tax reform to get to the re-sult we all want. It seems absurd, I know, but that is the current situation. 
What this amendment says is, let’s 
have a requirement that the Joint Committee on Taxation provide to the Senate a dynamic score, a macro-economic score. By the way, they al-ready do it. They already have a model to do it. They just do not provide it to us. Would there be a so-called static score, too, that shows no economic changes? Yes, you would have that too. I cannot imagine that any Member of this body, Republican or Democrat, would not want to have that informa-tion, would not want to know what the actual impact is on the economy. 
Think about this: If McDonald’s 
raises the price of its Big Mac to $10 or $12, what is going to happen? Under a static score, it would say: McDonald’s will get more revenue. We know what will happen. We will not go to McDon-ald’s and our kids will not go to McDonald’s because it is too expensive. The revenue will go down. 
We need to have that kind of com-
monsense analysis here on the floor of the Senate so we can, indeed, put for-ward tax reform that makes sense for the economy and makes sense to the American people and helps to do pre-cisely what Senator S
ANDERS talks 
about, which is to get that unemploy-ment number down and provide better jobs, higher paying jobs. If we do not 
do that, we are letting down the people we are elected to represent. 
I hope this amendment No. 689 is sup-
ported by Democrats and Republicans alike as a commonsense approach to this. Let’s apply macroeconomic anal-ysis to anything that is a tax reform proposal over $15 billion. That is the right level. The House has similar anal-ysis in their legislation, so this could actually end up being something on which the House and Senate can agree. 
Let’s ensure that we have the infor-
mation we need to write the right kind of legislation to get this economy mov-ing and to deal with both sides of the coin. One, spending restraint—and we all know that has to happen—and two, growth, get this economy moving. If we do that, we will see more gross reve-nues and be able to make this objective we have set out in this budget, which is to actually, for the American people, who cannot understand why we cannot do it, balance this budget. They have to balance their budgets. We have to in our families. We have to in our busi-nesses. We have to in our States. We ought to do it here in the Congress as well. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The Senator from West Vir-
ginia. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 415 AND 416 EN BLOC  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-ments Nos. 415 and 416 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 415 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to a requirement that any new environmental agreement signed by the United States with any foreign country or countries not result in serious harm to the economy of the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO A REQUIREMENT THAT ANY NEW ENVIRONMENTAL AGREEMENT SIGNED WITH ANY FOR-EIGN COUNTRY NOT RESULT IN SE-RIOUS HARM TO THE ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a requirement that any new envi-ronmental agreement signed by the United States with any foreign country or countries not result in serious harm to the economy of the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. AMENDMENT NO . 416 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting the reli-ability of the electricity grid) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE RE-LIABILITY OF THE ELECTRICITY GRID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or issuing any regula-tion that would reduce the reliability of the electricity grid by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to briefly address these two amend-ments. The first amendment simply says that the United States should not sign an international environmental agreement that would do serious harm to our own economy. That common-sense principle passed the Senate by a vote of 95 to 0 in 1997. 
Last year, the administration an-
nounced the climate agreement with China. That agreement requires signifi-cant short-term carbon emission reduc-tions here in the United States, but China is allowed to continue increasing its carbon emissions until 2030. That disparity could place the United States at a significant economic disadvan-tage. In November, global talks began in Paris on a broader international agreement. 
My amendment simply states what 
every Senator who voted in 1997 said: No agreement should cause serious harm to the American economy. 
My second amendment protects the 
reliability of our electricity grid. North American Electric Reliability Corporation released a report that found that the targets set forward in the President’s Clean Power Plan will be difficult if not impossible to achieve without degrading the reliability of the grid. 
We all want to have our lights turn 
on and our heat and air-conditioning work. This is in peril. My amendment simply makes sure families and busi-nesses have the reliable electricity they expect by blocking the EPA from finalizing, proposing, or issuing any regulation that would reduce the reli-ability of the electricity grid. 
I ask my colleagues to support these 
amendments. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 437 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up Peters amendment No. 437. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1965 March 26, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. P ETERS ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 437. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to enhancing and im-proving the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to reduce the patent application backlog) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENHANCING AND IM-PROVING THE UNITED STATES PAT-ENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE IN ORDER TO REDUCE THE APPLICA-TION BACKLOG. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing and improving the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to reduce the patent application backlog by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, the 
amendment that I have just called up that is pending before the Senate deals with what I think is a critical issue for this country; that is, making sure we can continue to move forward with in-novation to grow the economy. 
There certainly are many debates 
that are going to be held as to how we get the productivity in this country to increase, how we create more middle- class jobs and grow the economy from the top to the bottom. But I think there is broad consensus that what has really driven our economy—really through the centuries but certainly most recently in the United States— has been innovation. It is about inno-vation, creating the next big thing, the big products that transform people’s lives. In order to do that, companies that come up with these ideas need to have patent protection so that the ef-fort they put into that product, the money they put into that product, they are able to protect as they market that product and get a return on their in-vestments. Unfortunately, however, the backlog of patent applications at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has become completely unacceptable. 
The America Invents Act made a 
number of very important changes to our patent system that targeted the re-ducing of the backlog and driving inno-vation. At the time that act was passed, there were more than 700,000 patent applications at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Those applica-tions had an average review time of 3 years or longer before the applications 
were granted patent protection. Three years is simply an unacceptable amount of time to wait as these inven-tors who are trying to get their patent protections—they have to wait several years before they can bring those prod-ucts to the market and have the pro-tections of patents. 
What makes it even more unaccept-
able is that these folks who are apply-ing for these patents pay a user fee. They pay a fee in order to have this work done. Yet, with sequestration and other types of budget maneuvering, the patent office actually cannot fully uti-lize the fees that are generated by the people who are paying these fees. So, in a sense, this is an innovation tax. Peo-ple who are innovating pay a tax while they are innovating, when what we should be doing is accelerating their ability to bring these products to mar-ket, create jobs, and advance the econ-omy. 
The backlog now, after the passage of 
the act, still stands at 600,000, with an average review time of 2.3 years. So we have made some progress, but we still have a long way to go. 
So in order to reduce the patent ap-
plication backlog, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office needs the ability to access all of the fees it receives in order to hire additional examiners and administrative patent judges. That is what this amendment before us does— it gives the patent office the resources it needs in order to do its job effec-tively. The end result is a stronger American economy. I urge my col-leagues to adopt this amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 521 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up Peters amendment No. 521. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. P ETERS ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 521. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to investing in science, technology, and basic research in the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, AND BASIC RESEARCH IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investment in science, tech-nology, and basic research in the United States, which may include educational or re-
search and development initiatives, public- private partnerships, or other programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, this 
amendment is similar to the previous amendment in that it focuses on inno-vation. It focuses on what this country does best, which is create new products and advance the knowledge with sci-entific discoveries and new inventions. 
This amendment, however, deals spe-
cifically with scientific discovery and technological breakthroughs that drive our economy. We have known through-out human history that the drivers of that have been the big breakthroughs, whether it is the cotton gin or the in-ternal combustion engine or the rail-roads. These have been inventions that have transformed the entire planet. 
We need to continue to have those in-
novations, but in order to do that, we need to invest in basic scientific re-search. Investments in basic research have resulted in countless innovations that improve our day-to-day lives and support the Nation’s overall produc-tivity and competitiveness. 
The Federal Government has long 
played a crucial role. This has always been, in the past, a very bipartisan issue, that the Federal Government in-vest in this basic, cutting-edge re-search and development. However, we have seen a very I think disturbing trend over the last few decades as R&D spending has fallen. The amount of money which the Federal Government puts into basic scientific research now is less than 1 percent of GDP. This is simply unacceptable. We have to look at basic scientific research as the seed corn for our economy. We need to in-vest in seed corn so we can harvest the rewards of that investment. 
This amendment would strengthen 
Congress’s ongoing commitment to re-sponsibly increasing investments in science, technology, and basic research and help ensure U.S. science and tech-nology leadership in an increasingly competitive world. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes on 
this amendment to show our commit-ment to investing in basic scientific re-search so we can continue to make the U.S. economy the strongest in the world. 
AMENDMENT NO . 639 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up Peters amendment No. 639. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. P ETERS ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 639. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1966 March 26, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING TRADE AND TRAVEL AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry, which may include construc-tion at ports of entry or increased staffing at ports of entry, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, this 
amendment deals with another critical aspect of growing our economy. Cer-tainly innovation and basic scientific research are the real drivers of long- term economic growth, but another very important aspect of that is inter-national trade. The United States has the best workers in the world. We have the best entrepreneurs. We have the best innovators. We need to be in a po-sition that we can continue to promote trade across the world. 
So I rise to offer an amendment that 
will support trade and travel through our U.S. ports of entry. As we all know, trade and travel drive economic devel-opment. In fact, they generate over $2 trillion in economic impact and sup-port nearly 15 million jobs nationwide. However, it is unfortunate to say that many our busiest ports of entry are in need of modernization in order to safe-ly and efficiently process travelers and goods. 
I speak about this with firsthand ex-
perience. In Michigan, our manufactur-ers and agricultural producers rely on efficient trade with Canada, which is our Nation’s largest export market, our top customer, as well as our closest ally. However, existing infrastructure at our ports of entry often does not allow for the most efficient processing of trucks and cargo. We have two major crossings in Detroit—in Windsor, Canada, as well as Port Huron in Sarnia. Both of those trade areas need additional investment in their customs plazas to efficiently handle the trade between our two countries. 
Those investments are important in-
vestments in the future of this country and important in order to make sure we continue to expand trade and eco-nomic activity. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. First, Mr. President, I 
thank Senator P
ETERS for the amend-
ments he just offered. We had a hearing in the Small Business and Entrepre-neurship Committee in regard to the patent issues. It is clearly a huge con-
cern by the innovators, the small busi-ness, biotech, and high-tech firms. I thank the Senator very much for giv-ing us an opportunity to act on that matter. 
Secondly, let me compliment the 
Senator on the research issues. I took to the floor yesterday and talked about the budgets of the National Institutes of Health and how critical that is, not only for their direct mission, which is to find answers to diseases, but also to provide the answers to building blocks for companies that do incredible work. 
I was at AstraZeneca in Frederick on 
Monday, where they do the biologics manufacturing, and they depend very much on the NIH budget. 
I thank the Senator for the amend-
ments he offered. I know we will have a chance to act on them a bit later. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 364, 367, 439, 440, 899, AND 900  
EN BLOC  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: Cardin amendments Nos. 364, 367, 439, 440, 899, and 900. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. C ARDIN ] 
proposes amendments numbered 364, 367, 439, 440, 899, and 900 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 364 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to improving oral health care for children and pregnant women under Medicaid) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING ORAL HEALTH CARE FOR CHILDREN AND PREGNANT WOMEN UNDER MED-ICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives that would improve oral health care for children and pregnant women under the Medicaid program by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 367 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing a funding stream for a voter reinfranchisement ini-
tiative) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING PROVIDING A FUNDING STREAM FOR A VOTER REINFRANCHISEMENT INITIATIVE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing a funding stream for a voter reinfranchisement initiative, which 
may include Bureau of Prisons notifications for released inmates of voting rights, notifi-cations by United States attorneys of voting rights restrictions during plea agreements, and a Department of Justice report on the disproportionate impact of criminal dis-enfranchisement laws on minority popu-lations, including data on disfranchisement rates by race and ethnicity, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 439 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to mandating a higher threshold that the Small Business Admin-istration may guarantee, through the Sur-ety Bond Guarantee Program, of the bonds that small businesses are required to ob-tain so that they may be able to better compete successfully for Federal Govern-ment contracts) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING THE GUARANTEE THRESHOLD FOR THE SURETY BOND GUARANTEE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Surety Bond Guarantee Pro-gram of the Small Business Administration, which may include exploring or raising the range for surety bonds, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 440 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing the Fam-ily Funds limit of the Small Business In-vestment Company Program from $225,000,000 to $350,000,000, as passed by the Committee in 2013, which is zero subsidy and funded entirely through fees paid by investors and businesses) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO RAISING THE FAMILY OF FUNDS LIMIT OF THE SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Small Business Investment Company Program of the Small Business Ad-ministration, which may include raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1967 March 26, 2015 
2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 899 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the importance of fi-nancial literacy education to allow indi-viduals to make informed and effective de-cisions with their financial resources) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPORTANCE OF FINANCIAL LITERACY EDUCATION TO ALLOW INDIVIDUALS TO MAKE INFORMED AND EFFECTIVE DECI-SIONS WITH THEIR FINANCIAL RE-SOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to financial literacy education, which may include improvements to finan-cial literacy education curricula in schools or which may improve the capacity of teach-ers to provide effective financial literacy education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 900 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the importance of civics and government education) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPORTANCE OF CIVICS AND GOVERNMENT EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to civics and government education, which may include improving instruction in civics and government education or which may improve the capacity of teachers to pro-vide effective civics and government edu-cation, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a few minutes to talk a little bit about the amendments. 
I see Senator P
ORTMAN on the floor, 
and I want to talk about amendment No. 899, which provides a deficit-neu-tral reserve fund for financial literacy. 
The two of us have been working for 
over a decade to increase the amount of savings for Americans, particularly retirement savings. We know that at early ages people need to understand the importance of saving. 
I offer this amendment, and Senator 
P
ORTMAN has been very helpful to me 
in developing this amendment. I hope we will be able to act on this a little bit later. 
Amendment No. 364 deals with oral 
health, which establishes a deficit-neu-tral reserve fund relating to improving oral health care for pregnant women 
and children under Medicaid. Let me point out to my colleagues something they may not be aware of; that is, the oral health of a pregnant woman very much impacts the baby. Therefore, it is important pregnant women have atten-tion to their oral health care needs. It is transmitted to their babies. 
I urge my colleagues to help us in 
supporting this effort. We have taken major steps to improve pediatric den-tal care. This is another step we can take by dealing with pregnant women. 
With regard to amendment No. 367, 
which sets up the deficit-neutral re-serve fund to provide for voter re-enfranchisement initiatives, once again I think my colleagues would be surprised to learn there is an estimated 5.85 million citizens who cannot vote as a result of criminal convictions and nearly 4.4 million of those have already been released from prison. 
We have 4.4 million people living in 
our community whom we expect to be productive citizens, and yet they have been disenfranchised from voting. 
Nationwide 1 in 13 African Americans 
of voting age have lost their right to vote, a rate four times the national av-erage. I think that should give us all concern. 
Latino citizens are also impacted be-
cause they are disproportionately over-represented in the criminal justice sys-tem. 
States have vastly different ap-
proaches to people voting with crimi-nal convictions. This patchwork of State laws has caused confusion among the election officials and the public, sometimes resulting in the disenfran-chisement of even eligible voters. So this amendment would provide much needed information into the hands of citizens returning from incarceration. 
I thank my colleague Senator P
AUL 
for his work with regard to this issue. The two of us are trying to find a way we can bring forward together a work-able way that can help many who have been released from our prisons to have the right to vote and participate in our community. 
With regard to two amendments I am 
offering, amendments Nos. 439 and 440, both are related to my work as the ranking Democrat on the Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship Committee. 
One would set up a deficit reserve 
fund to deal with surety bonds. We have increased the limit of the surety bond by the SBA for small companies, which is very important. This would help make that a more permanent in-crease. 
The small companies, if they try to 
get a surety bond, have to pledge just about every one of their assets in order to get it. The SBA program helps with that credit so they can get affordable surety bonds without jeopardizing their ability to raise capital. This amendment calls attention to that 
need where we can help small busi-nesses in this country. 
I also set up the deficit-neutral re-
serve fund for family funds within the small business investment company. I thank Senator R
ISCH. He has been 
working on this issue, and I have been working with him on this issue. I think we will hopefully be able to come to-gether on legislation that will increase the opportunities under the small busi-ness investment companies, which is, again, an avenue for capital for small companies, the driving force for job in-novation in our community. 
This amendment would allow us 
again to focus on that legislation, which we hope to move through the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee. 
Lastly, I have offered a deficit-neu-
tral reserve fund, amendment No. 900, concerning civic education. 
I have taken the floor to point out 
that, yes, we need to stress areas of ex-cellence in the sciences, et cetera, in education, but let’s not forget civic 
education. The bedrock of our coun-try’s values are based upon our civic system, and it is important that young people have a full understanding of civic education. 
This amendment would give us an op-
portunity, in this Congress, to move forward in promoting civic education for our school system. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, first, 
I applaud my colleague from Maryland for these constructive amendments. I am happy to be a cosponsor of the fi-nancial literacy amendment, which en-ables all of our constituents to be able to save and invest more, particularly with regard to retirement savings for retirees. 
The savings rate is low. Baby 
boomers are retiring without having lifetime savings, and financial literacy is critical for them. It is also critical for our young people to give them the opportunity to start saving early with the power of compound interest and to be able to make wise decisions for their future—whether it is for retirement, whether it is for health care or whether it is for other purposes. 
I have enjoyed working with my col-
league Senator C
ARDIN on this issue 
over the years, and I am proud to co-sponsor his amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 681 
I wish to call up another amendment 
this morning because it is very impor-tant for all of us in this Chamber be-cause all of us are affected by it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment to call up my amendment No. 681. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. P ORTMAN ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 681. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1968 March 26, 2015 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to demolishing vacant and abandoned homes) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DEMOLISHING VA-CANT AND ABANDONED HOMES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding to improve the safety of neighborhoods in the United States, which may include demolishing blighted and abandoned homes, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this is 
a commonsense amendment that calls for prioritizing the investments to tackle a very important issue for our cities and towns across our country, es-pecially those hardest hit by the hous-ing crisis. 
Main Streets, unfortunately, across 
our country have become littered with abandoned and blighted properties. 
In Ohio, there are about 80,000 of 
these abandoned home; hundreds of thousands, of course, across the coun-try. I have had the opportunity to walk the streets in some of our cities in Ohio with some of our farsighted mayors who are tackling this issue. They are looking for a little bit of help. I have been in Warren, OH, Toledo, OH, and Lima, OH. 
When you walk these streets and talk 
to the people in the neighborhoods, they let you know how they are feeling about this. They don’t like these blighted properties, in part, because it reduces the home values for the whole neighborhood. In fact, there is some evidence out there that these blighted properties can cost neighbors up to 80 percent of their home value. So one of the best things you can do for tumbling home values in America right now in struggling neighborhoods is demolish these abandoned properties. 
Second, and this is very important, 
they become magnets for crime, for arson, and for other dangerous activi-ties that put neighbors at risk. It puts first responders at risk. There are sto-ries around the country. Unfortu-nately, in my home State of Ohio, some first responders, firefighters, have gone to a fire in an abandoned structure, actually been injured, and in one case lost their life. This is some-thing neighbors feel strongly about. 
When I was in Toledo, with the 
mayor of Toledo, observing one of the demolitions—it was a house that was about 10 feet away from a neighboring home. The mother was there with some of her young children, and she said: Thank goodness this is happening, be-cause every night I go to sleep I put my head on my pillow praying that the 
house next door is not going to be sub-ject to the arson attacks that have happened in the city of Toledo in these abandoned structures and praying that my children are not going to be injured by an arson next door to me. 
It is critical that we provide this 
help. Land banks in these areas have done a terrific job. Cleveland, in par-ticular, I will hold up as doing a great job. But in States like mine and in other manufacturing States—Florida, Michigan, and other States around the country—these land banks are doing the best they can, but they need addi-tional resources to demolish many of these properties in order to help strug-gling neighborhoods recover. 
This has been a bipartisan issue. We 
have been able to direct some funding there, including from the hardest hit funds. I want to continue to make progress because it is so important, again, for our neighborhoods and for the safety of those people who live in these neighborhoods that are affected most directly by abandoned homes. 
I hope we can get some votes from 
both sides of the aisle for this amend-ment today and make it clear to those local officials across our country, and to those neighbors in these commu-nities, that we are going to do what we can to help provide the resources to be able to deal with these blighted and abandoned structures. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
AMENDMENT NO . 944 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendment No. 944. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Florida [Mr. N ELSON ], 
for himself and Mr. S CHATZ , proposes an 
amendment numbered 944. 
Mr. NELSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To create a point of order against 
legislation that would use tax dollars to censor publicly-funded climate science) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . POINT OF ORDER AGAINST USING 
TAX DOLLARS TO CENSOR PUB-LICLY-FUNDED CLIMATE SCIENCE. 
It shall not be in order in the Senate to 
consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would cen-sor or otherwise limit the ability of any Fed-eral employee or Federal agency to use in of-ficial documents or presentations terms common in scientific literature describing atmospheric, climate, weather, or oceanic processes, including terms relevant to changes in the global climate system or 
other risks to human health, the environ-ment, and the economy related to air pollu-tion. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, what 
this amendment does is it supports the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitu-tion: freedom of speech, to prohibit censorship of Federal agencies and Federal employees from speaking in scientific terms about the oceans, the weather, the atmospheres, and the cli-mate. 
You would think this is so common 
sense and so understood under our free-dom of speech in our U.S. Constitution, but we have all read news reports at the State level, at the local level, and maybe even at the Federal level that, indeed, some folks are trying to muzzle scientists from speaking about the science involving the oceans, the at-mosphere, climate, and the weather. 
I have the privilege of knowing some-
thing about the space program. When I hear people saying they don’t want NASA to get involved in climate, well, NASA builds the satellites, NASA launches the satellites—but then NOAA, in the Department of Com-merce, operates these weather sat-ellites—other satellites that are taking measurements of the Earth to under-stand what is happening to our atmos-phere, what is happening to our cli-mate. 
When I start talking about the at-
mosphere, I can’t help but flash back 29
1⁄2half years ago, looking at our plan-
et out the window of a spacecraft and looking at the rim of the Earth and seeing the thin little film that is the atmosphere that sustains all of our life. 
There is a lot about it that we don’t 
know. There is a lot about it that we, in fact, can measure scientifically. Yet for some reason, there is some com-mentary going on in America today that we want to muzzle our scientists. 
So this amendment is a simple, little, 
commonsense amendment that says you can’t muzzle a Federal agency or a Federal employee, telling them they can’t use their First Amendment right of freedom of speech to speak in sci-entific terms about the oceans, the weather, the atmosphere, and the cli-mate. 
Imagine if we were going to muzzle 
researchers at the National Institutes of Health and censor them, saying they couldn’t use medical terms such as asthma or cancer. What if that was off limits? There is not even a question that we would consider that. 
Last week, when we got into the 
matter of climate, a study suggested the massive Antarctic glacier is melt-ing. The water from that melting gla-cier will impact global sea levels, po-tentially raising them by 10 feet. This week, researchers tell us the melting of Greenland’s ice sheet is slowing the cy-clical ocean current that drives the warm gulf stream, which comes right along the southeastern coast of my State and goes out through the middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1969 March 26, 2015 
of the Atlantic and warms parts of 
Western Europe. To understand all of that, it is critical we have this infor-mation, which has the potential to im-pact all of us, no matter where we live. 
At times of seasonal high tide, the 
streets of Miami Beach are flooded. The mayor of Miami Beach campaigned paddling in a kayak on Alton Road, which is on the west side of the city of 
Miami Beach. He campaigned in a kayak at the time of seasonal high flood talking about what the city need-ed to do because of what NASA’s sci-entists tell us. 
This is what NASA has testified to 
before the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation. This was not a forecast, they were not projec-tions, but measurements of the rise of the sea level in south Florida over the course of the last 45 years—6 to 8 inches. Again, this was not a forecast but measurements. Do we want to muz-zle that NASA scientist who testified before our committee and who, by the way, in this case is also a NASA astro-naut? Do we want to muzzle him? 
Scientists simply must have the 
tools and the ability to tell us what they observe without limitation on the terms they can speak. So let us make clear that public science cannot be muzzled, that we won’t support censor-ship, and that the taxpayers deserve an honest return on their investment. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 346, 425, 426, 427, 442, AND 810  
EN BLOC  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments Nos. 346, 425, 426, 427, 442, and 810 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ] pro-
poses amendments numbered 346, 425, 426, 427, 442, and 810 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 346 
(Purpose: To modify the deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to promoting jobs in the United States through international trade to include the reauthorization or ex-tension of trade adjustment assistance pro-grams) 
On page 58, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
(4) reauthorizing or extending trade adjust-
ment assistance programs; 
AMENDMENT NO . 425 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to improving retire-ment security) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING RETIRE-MENT SECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving retirement security by making it easier for small businesses to pro-vide retirement plans for their employees by easing the administrative burden and by en-couraging individuals to increase their sav-ings by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 426 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small busi-nesses) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING ECO-NOMIC GROWTH AND JOB CREATION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting economic growth and job creation by making it easier for small businesses to plan their capital investments and reducing the uncertainty of taxation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 427 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to investment in Alz-heimer’s disease research) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTMENT IN ALZ-HEIMER’S DISEASE RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing sufficient investment in Alzheimer’s disease research, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 442 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to restore a sensible definition of full-time employee for purposes of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DEFINITION OF FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to the employer penalties under the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), which may include changes to the definition of ‘‘full time em-ployee’’ under that Act, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 810 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing access to higher education for low-income Ameri-cans through the Federal Pell Grant pro-gram) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING ACCESS TO HIGHER EDUCATION FOR LOW- INCOME AMERICANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL PELL GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program, which may include allowing for 1 or more additional payment periods during the same award year, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, there 
will be very little time later today when we start voting for there to be full explanations of any of these amendments, which I think is very un-fortunate. I do want to let my col-leagues know about some of these amendments, and I am proud to say that, for the most part, the amend-ments I have filed and have now called up are bipartisan amendments that enjoy support on both sides of the aisle. 
For example, my amendment No. 427 
would create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to support sufficient investment in Alzheimer’s disease research to achieve the goal set by the national plan to address Alzheimer’s disease—of having the means to prevent and effec-tively treat that disease by the year 2025. 
This amendment is cosponsored by 
Senator M
ORAN , Senator W ARNER , Sen-
ator M CCASKILL , Senator T OOMEY , and 
Senator D ONNELLY . It is modeled very 
much on a bill that Senator K LO-
BUCHAR and I have introduced to in-
crease funding for Alzheimer’s re-search. 
Just yesterday the Special Com-
mittee on Aging, which I lead along with Senator M
CCASKILL , held an ex-
tensive hearing on Alzheimer’s disease. We listened to preeminent researchers and individuals such as B. Smith, who unfortunately has been afflicted with early onset Alzheimer’s. We listened to a caregiver and to a geriatric physician from Portland, ME. We had testimony 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1970 March 26, 2015 
from the Mayo Clinic and testimony 
from the individual who heads the In-stitutes on Aging at the National Insti-tutes of Health. To a person they pointed out that we are spending $226 billion a year caring for people with Alzheimer’s, yet we are investing less than $600 million in this disease. 
The experts tell us that if our invest-
ment were at the level of $2 billion a year, we could explore the promising breakthroughs, the therapeutic targets that are needed to develop a means of prevention or better treatments or, ul-timately, even a cure for Alzheimer’s. Think of that. That $2 billion figure that is recommended by the expert ad-visory council, headed by Dr. Ron Peterson from the Mayo Clinic, is less than 1 percent of what we are spending caring for people with Alzheimer’s. 
This disease is going to bankrupt the 
Medicare and the Medicaid Programs. We are currently spending $154 billion from those two programs for care of pa-tients with Alzheimer’s. 
That is one of the amendments I will 
be proposing. 
I see the Senator from Illinois is on 
the floor, and he has been another real leader in this area. 
Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator from 
Maine yield for a question? 
Ms. COLLINS. Yes, I will be happy to 
yield. 
Mr. DURBIN. First, I want to thank 
her. I took a look at the 200 pending amendments on this budget resolution, and I think at least 10 relate to bio-medical research from both sides of the aisle. This is clearly a bipartisan issue, and I thank my colleague for speaking 
out on this Alzheimer’s issue, because these victims and advocates for re-search came this week to visit. 
It is stunning, just stunning, to think 
for a moment that we diagnose a per-son with Alzheimer’s in America once every 68 seconds. When staff told me that, I couldn’t believe it. I said, that has to be wrong, but it is right. It is an indication of the rapid development and growth of this terrible disease. 
So I thank my colleague for putting 
in perspective the fact we spend over $200 billion a year already on it, and that doesn’t calculate all of the sac-rifices of the caregivers in helping members of the family. 
It would seem to me that amidst all 
this budget debate there should be cer-tain areas that are sacred, and I think biomedical research should be one of them. I thank my colleague for speak-ing up on Alzheimer’s and I hope we can continue this dialog on behalf of NIH and the other agencies doing the research. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I want 
to thank my colleague and friend from Illinois for his comments. I happened to catch his speech yesterday. There was a sea of purple at our hearing— purple representing the Alzheimer’s cause. I hope one day purple will rep-resent Alzheimer’s survivors. Wouldn’t that be wonderful. 
This is a high priority for me. And I 
agree with the Senator from Illinois, I believe we should be increasing our in-
vestment in biomedical research, par-ticularly for Alzheimer’s, but in many other areas as well. The irony is that, ultimately, it will reduce not only human suffering but the cost of health care. 
The trajectory of Alzheimer’s is such 
that if we do not develop better treat-ments, a means of prevention, or a cure, by the year 2050 the estimate is we are going to be spending more than $1 trillion taking care of people with Alzheimer’s. 
For all of us in the baby boomer gen-
eration, the estimates are that by age 85, nearly 1 out of 2 of us will be af-flicted with Alzheimer’s, if the current trajectory is unchanged. Frankly, we are going to be spending our golden years either with Alzheimer’s or taking care of someone with Alzheimer’s. So this is a crisis, and it deserves our at-tention. 
I know Senator M
ORAN also has a 
broader amendment on biomedical re-search, which I am proud to be a spon-sor of, and this is an area where I hope we can come together in a bipartisan way, as my colleague has suggested. 
Mr. President, there are other 
amendments I would like to briefly dis-cuss, seeing no one seeking the floor immediately, I don’t believe. I will have my staff check on that. 
I am also going to offer an amend-
ment to create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to increase access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell grant pro-gram, including an innovative idea that I am very interested in, and that the chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions, Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER , is 
very interested in, which would allow for year-round Pell grants so that indi-viduals could complete their education more quickly. 
Before I was elected to the Senate, I 
worked at a college in Maine—Hudson University in Bangor, ME—and I saw firsthand the difference that Pell grants made in the lives of these stu-dents. Indeed, on my staff today there are highly talented individuals who were able to go to college solely be-cause of the existence of Pell grants. Their families did not have experience with higher education and could not af-ford higher education. Pell grants made possible a bright future for these two women on my staff. 
This is the kind of opportunity that 
should unite us and that all of us should rally behind. Allowing year- round Pell grants would allow students to complete their education more quickly and join the workforce more quickly, which would help them finan-cially as well. So I hope this is some-thing we can pursue and that will be adopted as well. 
Another of my bipartisan amend-
ments, No. 442, would establish a def-icit-neutral reserve fund to change the definition of full-time employee under ObamaCare so a worker could work for more than 30 hours per week before the 
employer mandate penalty would be triggered. This, too, is bipartisan. Sen-ator D
ONNELLY , Senator M URKOWSKI , 
Senator M ANCHIN , and I have all been 
working on this. 
I hear from workers who are telling 
me their hours have been cut to 29 hours a week because of these penalties their employers simply cannot afford. It is not just in the for-profit hospi-tality industry, it is also in school sys-tems, community colleges. So that is yet another of my amendments that I hope will enjoy support later today. 
Mr. President, I see a number of my 
colleagues on the floor, so I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold her request? 
Ms. COLLINS. I am happy to with-
hold the request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 877 AND 878 EN BLOC  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up two of my amendments en bloc: Hirono amendments Nos. 877 and 878. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Hawaii [Ms. H IRONO ] pro-
poses amendments numbered 877 and 878 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 877 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing college completion, which may include expanding Federal Pell Grant eligibility by allowing college students to use Pell Grants for more than 2 semesters in an academic year) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING COLLEGE COMPLETION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing college completion, which may include expanding Federal Pell Grant eligibility by allowing college stu-dents to use Federal Pell Grants for more than 2 semesters in an academic year by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 878 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to investing in clean energy and preserving the environment) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1971 March 26, 2015 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN CLEAN ENERGY AND PRESERVING THE EN-VIRONMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the reduction of the dependence of the United States on imported energy and the investment of receipts from domestic en-ergy production, or energy efficiency and re-newable energy development, or new or ex-isting approaches to clean energy financing, or reducing greenhouse gas emissions levels, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, before I 
briefly outline my amendments, I need to say a few words about the budget be-fore us. 
The vision outlined in the budget be-
fore us is truly a disaster for the mid-dle class and our economy. This budget lays out priorities that would under-mine the gains that millions have made in getting affordable health in-surance. It would undermine the abil-ity of millions of students to get a col-lege education. It puts tax cuts for the wealthy ahead of giving even a modest wage boost to those who are working hard to get ahead. This budget would give big corporations the opportunity to write their own rules while reducing the opportunity for the disabled vet-erans and children to live a decent life. 
Democrats have tried to improve this 
budget. We tried to eliminate the se-quester in a fair way. Republicans said no. We tried to make sure our commit-ments to those on Social Security and Medicare remain ironclad. The Repub-licans said no. We tried to close a few loopholes to invest in our communities and create jobs. The Republicans said no. We tried to give students the oppor-tunity to get an affordable college edu-cation. The Republicans said no. 
Given all these problems, I cannot 
support this budget. This budget favors the wealthy and special interests on the backs of middle-class families, sen-iors, and students in Hawaii and across the Nation, but I want to offer two ideas that I hope can improve this budget just a little bit. 
Amendment No. 877 would restore 
year-round Pell grants without in-creasing the deficit. Many college stu-dents juggle work and family sched-ules. To balance these commitments they need to attend college year-round. But Pell grants can only be used in two semesters, currently. 
My amendment would allow students 
to access Pell grants year-round, as they could from 2008 to 2011. This has been a bipartisan idea in the past. In fact, Senator C
OLLINS just now offered 
her similar amendment, amendment No. 810, that I also support. We should adopt this commonsense, bipartisan policy. I thank Senator C
OLLINS for her work 
in enabling students to complete their college education in a way that would allow them to do so without disrup-tions and additional costs. I look for-ward to working with her as we move forward on this bipartisan-supported idea. 
The second amendment I am offering, 
amendment No. 878, is very simple as well. The budget resolution allows for energy legislation, provided it is paid for only with cuts. It also lays out what I think is a very limited view of our Nation’s energy priorities, particu-larly the heavy focus on fossil fuel de-velopment. My amendment would pro-vide a broader, more forward-looking view of our Nation’s energy priorities. My amendment allows for energy legis-lation that reduces our dependence on foreign oil, increases energy efficiency and renewable energy deployment and innovation, and addresses carbon pollu-tion. 
Hawaii relies on imported oil for en-
ergy. The U.S. military recognizes that overreliance on fossil fuel is a national security risk. We have to recognize our future can’t be based on fossil fuels. 
Hawaii and other States are leading 
the way in transitioning to a clean en-ergy economy. My amendment would ensure that Congress’s priorities are more in line with where Hawaii and our Nation are heading in the future. I hope my colleagues will join me in sup-porting these two amendments. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 445, 448, AND 449 EN BLOC  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: Gardner amendments Nos. 445, 448, and 449. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. G ARDNER ] 
proposes amendments numbered 445, 448, and 449 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 445 
(Purpose: To prevent labor disputes at sea-
ports in the United States from causing national economic disruptions and crip-pling businesses across the United States) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT ECONOMIC DISRUPTIONS AT SEAPORTS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing economic disruptions at ports in the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would 
not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 448 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to encouraging expe-dited approval of liquefied natural gas ex-port applications at the Department of En-ergy) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENCOURAGING EXPE-DITED APPROVAL OF LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS EXPORT APPLICA-TIONS BY DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging approval of liquefied natural gas export applications, without raising new revenue, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 449 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING EFFI-CIENT RESOURCING FOR THE ASIA REBALANCE POLICY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding related to sup-porting efficient resourcing for the Asia re-balance policy by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 523 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendment: Stabenow amend-ment No. 523. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. S TABE -
NOW], for herself, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
MERKLEY , proposes an amendment numbered 
523. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1972 March 26, 2015 
(Purpose: To prevent United States compa-
nies from getting tax benefits for moving jobs overseas, to end offshore tax loopholes including inversions, and to provide incen-tives for United States companies to relo-cate overseas jobs to the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO BRINGING JOBS BACK TO AMERICA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to tax provisions to encourage United States enterprises to relocate oper-ations from overseas to within the United States, closing offshore tax loopholes (in-cluding those relating to inversions), or dis-couraging United States enterprises from re-locating United States operations to other countries, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I be-
lieve every worker, every business de-serves a fair shot to get ahead. A basic American principle is creating oppor-tunity. We all know our workers are the best in the world, and when we have a fair fight we can work hard and we can win, but part of that fair fight is making sure we can do something about the broken Tax Code and the sys-tem we have. My amendment would ad-dress that, the Bring Jobs Home amendment. 
We all know there are companies 
that, unfortunately, are able to game the system to avoid paying their taxes. They move on paper in order to be able to register in another country while still having the benefits of our country or they move overseas and, through the Tax Code, we as communities and their workers pay the cost of the move. 
It is important to recognize the rev-
enue that is being given up helps pay for our American way of life—our roads, airports, clean water, clean air, opportunities for education, innova-tion, medical research, science—all of the things that create the wonderful quality of life we have in our country that everyone contributes toward, those things that we need to do to-gether. 
Unfortunately, the Tax Code is re-
warding too many companies to be able to take advantage of not doing their fair share. That is what my amend-ment addresses. 
As I indicated, moving their business 
on paper around to different countries to avoid contributing to our American way of life, our American quality of life, they invert, costing Americans tens of billions of dollars in revenue that could go to support our veterans, our national defense, rebuilding Amer-ica’s roads and bridges, and water and sewer systems. 
I believe it is particularly offensive 
to Americans when people find out that, in fact, a company can decide to 
pick up and move, and the cost of the move—the cost of packing up and leav-ing our country—is a cost they can write off on their taxes, which means we all pay the price; the workers who are packing people up, the commu-nities that are losing the jobs, our country, in terms of the lost revenue, and we pay for it. 
Over the last 10 years, 2.4 million 
jobs were shipped overseas, and Amer-ican taxpayers were asked to foot the bill. It makes no sense. Surely, we can come together on a bipartisan basis and agree to stop that—to stop that right off. That is what this amendment does. 
Over 20 million more jobs are at risk 
of being shipped overseas today. In 
fact, in Michigan we have lost more than 700,000 jobs to offshoring. Now, I understand we are in a global economy. I understand there are a lot of deci-sions being made around the globe as to where companies will locate, but our Tax Code should not have loopholes in it that incentivize companies to actu-ally continue to either get the benefits of America while pretending to be someplace else or moving and having us help pay for it. 
This is a very serious part of tax re-
form. As we debate a budget resolution that has over $400 billion in cuts to Medicare for seniors in it, that has over $1 trillion in cuts to Medicaid—80 percent of the dollars in Medicaid going for low-income seniors and peo-ple in nursing homes—when we look at the fact that we have been trying to pass a bill to create millions of good- paying American jobs by rebuilding America, by rebuilding our roads, by rebuilding our infrastructure, we can’t get support to do that. People say we can’t afford to pay for it. 
This is the opportunity to create the 
revenue to pay for it, to create the rev-enue to lower the cost of student loans so more people have a fair shot to go to college, have an opportunity for the American dream, so they are not com-ing out of college being riddled with all kinds of debt, mounds of debt. It means they can’t buy a house, they can’t buy a car, they can’t get started in life with a family because they are buried in debt. When we raise these issues on the floor, we hear we cannot afford, as a country, to fix those things that af-fect every family—people struggling to get into the middle class and stay in the middle class. 
I think this budget ought to be about 
the middle class. I think we ought to be saying this is a middle-class budget, and I think if we are going to do that, we have to come together on fair ways to be able to fund those things that benefit everyone, that grow the econ-omy by creating and expanding the middle class. We will not have an econ-omy unless we expand the middle class. That means good-paying jobs here— here. I am all about export. I just want to export our products, not our jobs, and we have a Tax Code that is encour-aging the export of our jobs. So I hope we come together around 
the Bring Jobs Home amendment, agree there is one area of the Tax Code that everybody ought to support fixing; that is, where folks are using loopholes and games and gimmicks, frankly, to avoid contributing to the quality of life in our country. 
We can create opportunities without 
adding one more dollar to the costs of middle-class families or small busi-nesses or those who stay in our country and decide they want to continue to be a part of our great American economy. This is about closing for the tax cheat-ers who are avoiding stepping up and being a part of solving America’s prob-lems. 
My amendment No. 523 will bring 
jobs home and invest in the middle class of our country. I hope this is an area we can come together on, and I urge support for my colleagues. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 781, 565, 562, 552, AND 590 EN  
BLOC 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments en bloc: amendments Nos. 781, 565, 562, 552, and 590. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Florida [Mr. R UBIO] pro-
poses amendments numbered 781, 565, 562, 552 and 590 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 781 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to reducing foreign as-sistance to the Palestinian Authority and certain United Nations agencies and in-creasing foreign assistance for Israel) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY AND CERTAIN UNITED NATIONS AGENCIES AND INCREAS-ING FOREIGN ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing assistance for the United Nations Human Rights Council, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, and the Palestinian Au-thority because of these entities’ anti-Israel behavior, and increasing foreign assistance for missile defense programs in Israel, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1973 March 26, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 565 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that Medi-care is not raided to bailout insurance companies under the President’s health care overhaul) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT MEDICARE IS NOT RAIDED TO BAIL-OUT INSURANCE COMPANIES UNDER THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE OVERHAUL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Medicare funds are not used to bailout insurance companies, which may include through the risk corridor program or other programs established in the President’s health care law, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 562 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to establishing a new outcomes-based process for authorizing in-novative higher education providers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A NEW OUTCOMES-BASED PROCESS FOR AUTHORIZING INNOVATIVE HIGHER EDUCATION PROVIDERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a new outcomes- based process for authorizing innovative higher education providers to participate in programs under title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 552 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing funding for the relocation of the United States Em-bassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE RELOCATION OF THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN ISRAEL FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for United States embassies, which may include the re-location of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would 
not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 590 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting the Medi-care Advantage program) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the Medicare Advan-tage program, which may include reversing the cuts to the Medicare Advantage program that were enacted under the President’s health care law, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. RUBIO. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 991, 636, AND 638 EN BLOC  
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up three Warner amendments en bloc: amend-ments Nos. 991, 636, and 638. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. W ARNER ] 
proposes amendments numbered 991, 636, and 638 en bloc. 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, was my 
amendment No. 991 reported in that bloc as well? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 991 
(Purpose: To restore program integrity 
funding to combat waste, fraud, and abuse) 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 636 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting the per-sonal information of consumers from data breaches) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CON-SUMERS FROM DATA BREACHES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating protecting the personal information 
of consumers from data breaches, which may include providing notification to affected consumers or enhancing data security pro-grams, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 638 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-reduction re-
serve fund reserve fund for Government re-form and efficiency) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-REDUCTION RESERVE FUND 
FOR GOVERNMENT REFORM AND EF-FICIENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving savings through the use of performance data or scientifically rig-orous evaluation methodologies for the elimination, consolidation, or reform of Fed-eral programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives, or the sale of Federal property, and re-duce the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as-you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the deficit reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit reduction achieved. 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak to these amendments for a couple of moments. 
The first amendment, No. 991, targets 
improper payments and fraud in our largest entitlement programs. It is re-markable—every elected official I have ever met at any level of government often rallies against waste and fraud in government, and that means it so un-usual that this budget we have before us leaves out critical funding to fight fraud and abuse in Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and disability pro-grams. 
The amendment I am offering today 
would restore all program integrity funding to the Republican budget to the levels allowed in the Budget Con-trol Act. Program integrity activities have a proven track record of saving money. When we invest in programs that track and eliminate overpayments and fraudulent claims, we end up re-ducing costs and lowering budget defi-cits. 
For example, according to the Social 
Security actuaries, program integrity efforts to conduct ‘‘continuing dis-ability reviews’’—specifically to weed out beneficiaries who have recovered and are no longer defined as ‘‘dis-abled’’—saves taxpayers $10 for every $1 spent on program integrity efforts. 
I am introducing this amendment be-
cause this is a good use of taxpayer dollars and a critical way to ensure that the money we invest in important programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security disability goes di-rectly to the beneficiaries who rely on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1974 March 26, 2015 
them. Any elected official who has ever 
said that we ought to root out waste and fraud in entitlement programs should obviously be supporting restor-ing these critical funds. 
The second amendment I wish to 
raise is a bipartisan measure, No. 636, filed along with Senators C
RAPO and 
KING, dealing with consumer data secu-
rity. 
Recently, we have seen major data 
breaches that have affected hundreds of millions of American consumers, those who have shopped at Target and Home Depot, have accounts at JPMorgan Chase, or have received health care from Anthem. In the aftermath of the Target breach, working with Senator K
IRK, we recommended that various in-
dustry groups in the private sector co-operate on information sharing to ward off data thieves. 
With continuous advances in tech-
nology, it is vitally important that we continue to strengthen our efforts to protect consumers from cyber crime by enacting smart, targeted protections. Our bipartisan amendment simply rec-ognizes that we need to provide reason-able notification to consumers when their personal information is com-promised and encourage greater co-operation and enhanced data security programs in the private sector to safe-guard that data. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
Finally, I would like to introduce a 
third amendment, No. 638, along with my colleague Senator A
YOTTE , that 
mirrors language included in the chair-man’s mark of our last budget resolu-tion. This amendment encourages Con-gress to act on the recommendations from GAO to improve Federal Govern-ment efficiency by reducing fragmenta-tion, overlap, and duplication. The Senate has a bipartisan history of working on these issues, and I think it is important that our budget resolu-tion this year include our continuing commitment to this work. 
In 2010, Congress passed the bipar-
tisan Government Performance and Re-sults Modernization Act, or GPRA, which required Federal agencies to re-port how their money was being spent, as well as top priorities and possible avenues of consolidation within the agency. Last year, we passed the DATA Act, which works in concert with GPRA to further track how agencies are spending money. 
It is important that the savings from 
these actions go toward reducing our deficit. That is why the Warner-Ayotte amendment is actually a deficit-reduc-tion reserve fund. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this bipartisan amendment. 
I yield to my good friend, the Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
UBIO). The Senator from Kansas. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Virginia for yielding to me. 
First of all, I would like to talk for a 
moment about the budget. I am pleased that the Senate is debating a budget. 
We are required by law to pass one by April 15. It has been a while since we have been able to accomplish that. I am hopeful that the budget will be rec-onciled with the House-passed budget, giving us the opportunity to develop 12 appropriations bills within this budg-etary outline. 
It is unfortunate that by the nature 
of a budget, it is a partisan endeavor. The expectation is that no Democrat will vote for the budget that ulti-mately will pass the Senate today. I hope that doesn’t continue to be true in another issue that I am encouraging and am encouraged to know will be considered by the Senate, and that is the sustainable growth rate fix, the so- called SGR fix. 
Back in 1997, a budget act was passed 
that created a formula by which physi-cians are reimbursed under Medicare. That formula has been very damaging to the practice of medicine—the ability to sustain a practice of medicine—par-ticularly in areas of the country in which the population is elderly and pa-tients are generally on Medicare and most of the physicians’ income is then derived from reimbursement from the Medicare system. 
The SGR has created a series of prob-
lems. At least annually, there has been a problem we have had to fix. Over a decade, we have spent millions of dol-lars—in fact, $150 billion in short-term so-called doc fixes. 
What I hope happens after consider-
ation of the budget today, tonight, in the morning, is that there will be unanimous consent and agreement that we take a vote on finally permanently fixing the problems created by this SGR, the formula. 
In my State of Kansas, there are 127 
community hospitals across our State that care for patients every day, every hour. Most of those hospitals have a significant volume of Medicare pa-tients. The physicians who admit pa-tients to those hospitals and see pa-tients on an ongoing basis in those communities see a significant portion of their patients, and their bills are paid by Medicare. 
In the last several years, the reduc-
tion in payment for a physician, that Medicare reimbursement, has been in the neighborhood of 20 percent to 30 percent. The reality, I think all of us know—in fact, it is evidenced by the fact that every year we do a patch, we fix this issue—what we know is that in the absence of fixing that formula ei-ther on a periodic basis or today poten-tially permanently, physicians will no longer be able to see Medicare patients. In many of the communities I rep-resent, the physicians are employed by the hospital. So this becomes not just a physician issue, not just a hospital issue—the reality is, it is a patient issue. Will you have a doctor in your community who is willing to see, who is able to see a patient who is of the age at which Medicare is providing Medicare health care benefits? The opportunity we have today is im-
portant. We can do so many things by permanently fixing the SGR. The out-come is that communities across our country and communities across my State of Kansas have a much brighter hope that their hospital doors remain open and physicians continue to prac-tice medicine in their communities. 
Our health care providers face tre-
mendous challenges today related to the Affordable Care Act, related to the ever-increasing amount of regulatory burden placed upon hospitals and doc-tors, upon the costs associated with moving toward computerized medical records. Our health care providers in many instances are hanging on by a 
thread, and whether or not a commu-nity has a doctor, has a hospital deter-mines whether that community has a future. 
I know that in my own hometown of 
Plainville, the ability of my parents— who lived into their nineties—to re-main in their hometown was deter-mined by whether there was an active, quality medical community, quality physicians who cared about their pa-tients and hospitals, who were there to admit their patients when that care was needed. Only because that existed in our hometown were my parents, into their nineties, able to continue to live in a community they called home. 
The SGR fix is a significant compo-
nent to make certain that no people have to move, no senior citizens have to move someplace closer to a doctor or a hospital because their hospital no longer is in existence or their physi-cian no longer cares for folks who have Medicare. 
The SGR, which I did not support 
when it was created, has caused a vola-tile and unsustainable system for both patients and health care providers. The uncertainty of knowing when and if Congress is going to fix by a patch cre-ates problems in and of itself, in addi-tion to the ultimate reimbursement rate that physician receives. 
The time to act is now. We are as 
close to a permanent SGR fix as we have been in my time in Congress. It would be a very sad occurrence if we let this opportunity slip by, and one more time, in a few months, we will be back trying to figure out how to patch the SGR once again. We will spend more money. We will create greater uncertainty. We will hasten the day in which citizens of our country—Medi-care recipients—are no longer able to see a physician of their choice or be ad-mitted to the hospital in their commu-nity. 
I am of the view that we ought not 
move on to other business. We ought not recess for this April period of time until we make sure that tonight or in the morning the SGR fix is perma-nently put in place. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 467, 468 EN BLOC  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment to call up the following amend-ments en bloc on behalf of Senator B
LUNT : amendments Nos. 467 and 468. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1975 March 26, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follow: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. M ORAN ], for 
Mr. B LUNT , proposes amendments numbered 
467 and 468 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 467 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the direct provision of defense articles, defense services, and re-lated training to the Kurdistan Regional Government) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DIRECT PROVI-SION OF DEFENSE ARTICLES, DE-FENSE SERVICES, AND RELATED TRAINING TO THE KURDISTAN RE-GIONAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the direct provision of defense ar-ticles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 468 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to military aid to Israel) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing grants only in Israel for the procurement in Israel of defense arti-cles and defense services, including research and development to assist Israel in main-taining its qualitative military edge, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I yield to 
the Senator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 707, 967, 896, 897, AND 573 EN  
BLOC 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside to call up amendments Nos. 707, 967, 896, 897, and 573 en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. 
MARKEY ] proposes amendments numbered 
707, 967, 896, 897, and 573 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 707 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to reduce overdose deaths) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING OVERDOSE DEATHS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prevention of prescription drug and opioid overdose deaths, which may in-clude support of opioid overdose prevention activities, increased surveillance and moni-toring for opioid prescription drugs and overdoses, expanded access to evidence-based treatments for opioid addiction, or enhanced research for alternatives to opioid pain medication, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 967 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to domestic medical isotope production) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DOMESTIC MEDICAL ISOTOPE PRODUCTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to nuclear medical isotope produc-tion facilities used to produce molybdenum- 99 (other than facilities that use highly-en-riched uranium), and associated radioisotope processing, waste management, and support facilities which may include ensuring that such facilities are included on the list of eli-gible projects for the receipt of incentives for innovative technologies under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005(42 U.S.C. 16511 et seq.), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 896 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to improving the safety of offshore oil drilling in the United 
States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE SAFETY OF OFFSHORE OIL DRILL-ING IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the safety of offshore oil drilling in the United States, which may include changes to existing law to increase the liability cap with respect to offshore oil spills, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 897 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting con-sumers in the United States from price in-creases due to large-scale natural gas ex-ports) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING CON-SUMERS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM PRICE INCREASES DUE TO LARGE-SCALE NATURAL GAS EX-PORTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting consumers and busi-nesses in the United States from price in-creases or other impacts of large-scale nat-ural gas exports, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 573 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to promoting the repair and replacement of natural gas distribu-tion pipelines and infrastructure no longer fit for service) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REPAIR AND RE-PLACEMENT OF NATURAL GAS DIS-TRIBUTION PIPELINES AND INFRA-STRUCTURE NO LONGER FIT FOR SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the repair and replace-ment of natural gas distribution pipelines and infrastructure no longer fit for service by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. MARKEY. I yield back the re-
mainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, a lot 
of things have happened. We are on the path, I hope, to being able to pass a budget that balances in 10 years. It has some problems, but I think it would be a major change from the course we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1976 March 26, 2015 
have been on, and so I will support it. 
I hope to be able to support it, al-though things could happen, I guess, between now and our final vote. 
One of the things I wish to share with 
my colleagues is simply that the pro-posal to fix the doctors’ payments—the so-called doc fix, the SGR—which has been around for a long time is one of my highest priorities. It is, indeed, un-reasonable and unjustified to require doctors to be uncertain every year as to whether they are going to get a 21- percent or so reduction in their Medi-care payments. They can hardly do the work at that fee level. So we do need to fix it. 
However, on the same day that we 
are now declaring that we want to pass a budget that puts us on a financial path to balance in 10 years by a meager $3 billion—a balanced budget plan, a re-sponsible plan; an idea and goal to achieve—we are also talking about passing an unpaid-for plan, and in my view it is not responsible, to spend and borrow another $141 billion, after the proposed offsets, to pay for the doc fix. This is what brings this Congress into disrepute. The same day we assert we want to have a balanced budget, and we lay out a plan that will get us there in 10 years, we are now considering pass-ing an unpaid-for increase in spending that will add $141 billion to the debt. Colleagues, we just can’t do that. 
To my physician friends, whom I 
talked to a lot about this and who are worried about it, let’s all work to-gether to lay out a plan that will pay for this expense. We can do that. Maya MacGuineas is at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a well-re-spected, bipartisan group. They have basically been shocked by this pro-posal. They submitted papers that said over 20 years it will add $500 billion to the debt. While, some have said that over 20 years, it will pay for itself. Ac-cording to Maya MacGuineas’ analysis, it won’t, and we don’t have official data now. So why would we allow this legislation to pass through so fast? 
I urge my colleagues, let’s do a short- 
term fix again, but then let’s do a per-manent fix, one that is responsible, one that is grownup, one that is paid for, and not just one that adds more debt to the credit card of America at a time when we cannot do that anymore. 
I am so disappointed that we may not 
be able to let this legislation clear today because I don’t believe it is going to be beneficial to us. We can come back and take action to maintain the appropriate payment levels. Let’s do it the right way so we can be proud of it. 
I thank the Chair and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 435, 473, 593, AND 993 EN BLOC  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and, on behalf of Senator M
ENENDEZ , call up amend-
ments Nos. 435, 473, 593, and 993 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for Mr. M ENENDEZ , proposes amendments 
numbered 435, 473, 593, and 993 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 435 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to support for Ukraine, which should include the provision of le-thal defensive articles) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE, WHICH SHOULD INCLUDE THE PROVISION OF LETHAL DEFEN-SIVE ARTICLES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding to support the Government of Ukraine in reestablishing its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which should include the provision of lethal defen-sive articles, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 473 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing funding to combat anti-Semitism in Europe) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING TO COMBAT ANTI-SEMITISM IN EU-ROPE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for programs to counter anti-Semitic activity in Europe, which may include efforts to empower civil society, including diverse religious and eth-nic groups, civil and human rights organiza-tions, and the business community, to fight anti-Semitism and discrimination and con-vening regular consultations with Jewish community organizations and non-Jewish civil and human rights organizations to dem-onstrate visible support, listen to concerns, and solicit recommendations on improving security and supporting victims, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 593 
(Purpose: To require consideration of long- 
term deficits for any legislation relating to repealing or replacing the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010) 
Beginning on page 87, strike line 23 and all 
that follows through page 88, line 4. AMENDMENT NO . 993 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to strengthening the national do-not-call registry) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STRENGTHEN THE NATIONAL DO- NOT-CALL REGISTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to compliance with the national do- not-call registry, which may include adjust-ing or increasing fines, providing flexibility for the relevant regulatory agency, or modi-fying the conditions of the safe harbor provi-sions, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 665, 677, 678, 667, 666, AND 668  
EN BLOC  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments en bloc: Nos. 665, 677, 678, 667, 666, and 668. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. F LAKE ] pro-
poses amendments numbered 665, 677, 678, 667, 666, and 668 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 665 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on award-ees entering or not entering into agree-ments with labor organizations) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING AWARD-ING OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS BASED ON AWARDEES ENTERING OR NOT ENTERING INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LABOR ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition on the awarding of construction contracts on behalf of the Gov-ernment based upon any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents, that require or pro-hibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors to enter into or adhere to agree-ments with one or more labor organizations or discriminate against or give preference to such bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors based on their entering or refus-ing to enter into such agreements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1977 March 26, 2015 
2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 
2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 677 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to preventing political targeting by the Internal Revenue Service of individuals and social welfare organiza-tions exercising free-speech rights) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING POLIT-ICAL TARGETING BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OF INDIVIDUALS AND SOCIAL WELFARE ORGANIZA-TIONS EXERCISING FREE-SPEECH RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing political targeting by the Internal Revenue Service of individuals and social welfare organizations exercising free-speech rights, which may include main-taining current standards and definitions in defining political activity for the purpose of determining the tax status of individuals and social welfare organizations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 678 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prosecution of first- time illegal border crossers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FIRST-TIME ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to decreasing the recidivism of ille-gal border crossers, including removing any prohibition on Federal prosecution of first- time border crossers, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 667 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that indi-viduals do not simultaneously receive un-employment compensation and disability insurance benefits) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE FI-NANCIAL SOLVENCY OF THE UNEM-PLOYMENT COMPENSATION PRO-GRAM AND THE SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the financial solvency of the unemployment compensation program 
and the social security disability insurance program, which may include ensuring that individuals do not simultaneously receive unemployment compensation and social se-curity disability insurance benefits, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 666 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to reducing the level of Federal premium support for crop insur-ance policies, which may include elimi-nating premium support for crop insurance for agricultural producers with an adjusted gross income of more than $750,000 in fiscal year 2016) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FEDERAL PREMIUM SUPPORT FOR CROP INSURANCE POLICIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the level of Federal pre-mium support for crop insurance policies, which may include limiting premium sup-port for crop insurance for agricultural pro-ducers with an adjusted gross income of more than $750,000 in fiscal year 2016, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 668 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to government reform and efficiency) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO GOVERNMENT RE-FORM AND EFFICIENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving savings through the use of performance data or scientifically rig-orous evaluation methodologies for the elimination, consolidation, or reform of Fed-eral programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives, the sale of Federal property, or the re-duction of improper payments by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as- you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the spending reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of spending reduction achieved. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. AMENDMENTS NOS . 504, 505, 506, 1011 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the following amendments en bloc on behalf of Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN : Nos. 504, 505, 506 and 
1011. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , proposes amendments num-
bered 504, 505, 506, and 1011 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 504 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to limiting the ability of Environmental Protection Agency per-sonnel to carry guns) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DISARMING THE EPA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to limiting the ability of Environ-mental Protection Agency personnel to carry firearms, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 505 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to supporting programs related to the ground-based midcourse de-fense and the long-range discrimination radar programs of the Department of De-fense) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING PROGRAMS RELATED TO THE GROUND-BASED MIDCOURSE DEFENSE AND THE LONG-RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR PROGRAMS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting programs related to the ground-based midcourse defense and the long-range discrimination radar programs of the Department of Defense by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 506 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting vulner-able families from job killing regulations) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1978 March 26, 2015 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING VULNER-ABLE FAMILIES FROM JOB KILLING REGULATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal agencies consider the full cost of regulations, includ-ing indirect job losses, prior to enacting or amending any regulation or rule, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1011 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing an exemp-tion from certain permitting requirements for routine maintenance activities relating to transportation infrastructure) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING AN EX-EMPTION FROM CERTAIN PERMIT-TING REQUIREMENTS FOR ROUTINE MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES RELAT-ING TO TRANSPORTATION INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing, for certain routine maintenance activities relating to transpor-tation infrastructure, an exemption from certain requirements, which may include an exemption from the permitting requirements of section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344), by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1012 
(Purpose: To strike more than $1.2 trillion in 
cuts to Medicaid, preserving a critical source of comprehensive, affordable health and long-term care coverage for millions of otherwise uninsured low-income adults, parents, and seniors, including millions of nonelderly low-income adults in States that expanded Medicaid as part of health reform) 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside, on behalf of Senator W
YDEN , to call up amendment 
No. 1012. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
Mr. W YDEN , for himself, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 1012. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator S HA-
HEEN and Senator I SAKSON be allowed 
to speak for up to 10 minutes in order to call up our amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 321, 611, AND 839 EN BLOC  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-ments Nos. 321, 611, and 839 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. I SAKSON ] 
proposes amendments numbered 321, 611, and 839 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 321 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to establishing a bien-nial budget and appropriations process) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A BI-ENNIAL BUDGET AND APPROPRIA-TIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a biennial budget and appropriations process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 611 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to subject all fees collected by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to the annual appropriations process) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUBJECTING ALL FEES COLLECTED BY U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES TO THE ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the use of fees collected by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which may include prohibiting the expenditure of any such fees unless such expenditure has been approved through the annual appropria-tions process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 839 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING UNITED STATES CITIZENS HELD HOSTAGE IN THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN TEHRAN, IRAN, BETWEEN NOVEM-BER 3, 1979, AND JANUARY 20, 1981. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am 
glad to join the Senator from New Hampshire on a very important piece of legislation that is being proposed as an amendment to the budget today. It is called the Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act which 2 years ago 
passed this Senate with 68 votes. It has bipartisan support this year. It is the right way to solve our biggest problem, which is responsible spending in Wash-ington. 
The Biennial Budgeting and Appro-
priations Act assumes the following: What we have been doing has been bro-ken for years. Every President since Ronald Reagan has endorsed the bien-nial budget. Twenty of the fifty States in the United States of America have a biennial budget. It is time we did budg-eting and oversight and allowed time for both. 
What this bill basically says is that 
in odd-numbered years we will do our appropriating and in even-numbered years we will do oversight of appropria-tions. 
Wouldn’t it be great to change the 
paradigm in America to where during election years and even years, instead of saying how much bacon we are going to bring home, to instead say how much savings we are going the find in the appropriations process. We can find new money to fund new programs with-out raising taxes or raising revenues of the Federal Government. 
It is a responsible way to run our 
country, it is a way we ought to run 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1979 March 26, 2015 
our country, and it is a responsible way 
for America to return to fiscal ac-countability. 
With an $18.1 trillion deficit and with 
spending going haywire and us not being able to do budgeting or appro-priating at all, it is time we call time out, fix our problem, and move for-ward. 
I yield to the distinguished Senator 
from New Hampshire, who as Governor of New Hampshire for 6 years did bien-nial budgeting and has great experi-ence in that effort. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to join my colleague from Georgia, Senator I
SAKSON , in sup-
porting the biennial budgeting amend-ment. This is legislation we have been working on—this will be the third ses-sion of Congress now—and it is a re-sponse to what I think we would all agree is a broken budget process here in Washington. 
Since 1980, we have only had two 
budget processes that have been fin-ished on time, according to established process. In that timeframe, since 1980 when, as Senator I
SAKSON pointed out, 
every President has endorsed biennial 
budgeting, Congress has resorted to more than 150 short-term funding bills or continuing resolutions. That is no way to govern. While we have made progress in recent years to reduce our deficits, we need reform of our budget process. 
Senator I
SAKSON pointed out very 
eloquently how this proposal would work. In New Hampshire, where I served three terms as Governor, I had a legislature of members of the other party and yet we were able to pass bi-ennial budgets 3 years, on time, that were balanced. It worked in New Hamp-shire. It works in 19 other States. It can work here. 
This is an opportunity for us to begin 
to reform our budget process. It won’t fix everything, but it will go a long way in addressing our opportunity to provide oversight in the second year of the budget process. 
I hope our colleagues will join us, and 
that we will again, as we did in 2013, have a majority to support biennial budgeting in this body. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for her remarks and thank her for her commitment. 
The definition of insanity is to do the 
same thing over and over again and ex-pect a different result. It is time we get a different result in Washington, which is balanced budgets, fiscal account-ability, and balanced spending, and a biennial budget will do that. 
In our remaining time, with the per-
mission of the Senator from New Hampshire, I wish to address one other amendment we have called up to be pending, which is amendment No. 839, which has already been reported. Amendment No. 839 is very simply an 
amendment that recognizes the fact that 52 Americans were taken captive in 1979 in Iran at our Embassy. Forty- four of them are still alive. They re-main the only American hostages ever taken who were never compensated for their time. We have revenue accumu-lating because of the Iranian sanctions. Everybody on the Foreign Relations Committee is supportive, and I think the State Department is too, of seeing to it we take a portion of those sanc-tions and compensate the American hostages of the Iranian Government from 1979 to 1980. 
As the Presiding Officer will remem-
ber, it was the day Ronald Reagan was sworn in that Jimmy Carter finally made arrangements to get those hos-tages out of Tehran. They suffered tor-ture, physical abuse, and terror for 444 days. They deserve to be compensated. We deserve to take the money the Ira-nians have been paid for sanctions and see to it these Americans are com-pensated for what they suffered in 1979 and 1980. 
I appreciate the time from the Chair 
and I yield back the remainder of our time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 750, 855, 749, 856, AND 759 EN  
BLOC 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the following amendments en bloc on behalf of Sen-ator L
EE: Amendments Nos. 750, 855, 
749, 856, and 759. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. L EE, proposes amendments numbered 
750, 855, 749, 856, and 759 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 750 
(Purpose: To modify the spending-neutral re-
serve fund reauthorizing funding for pay-ments to counties and other units of local government to ensure payment at levels roughly equivalent to property tax reve-nues lost due to the presence of Federal land) 
On page 64, lines 10 and 11, strike ‘‘Pay-
ments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT)’’ and insert ‘‘funding the payments in lieu of taxes pro-gram at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 855 
(Purpose: To prohibit increasing the public 
debt limit under reconciliation) 
At the end of title II, add the following: SEC. 202. LIMIT ON SENATE CONSIDERATION OF 
RECONCILIATION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 201, or an amendment to, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, which would increase the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(b) W
AIVER .—This section may be waived 
or suspended in the Senate only by the af-firmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(c) A
PPEALS .—An affirmative vote of two- 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on the point of order raised under this section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 749 
(Purpose: To ensure that the reserve fund re-
lating to affordable healthcare choices for all is used to repeal and not further em-power the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act) 
On page 50, line 17, strike ‘‘or reforming’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 856 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund to support legislation pre-venting the Federal Communications Com-mission from reclassifying broadband pro-viders as common carriers under title II of the Communications Act of 1934 and from implementing other ‘‘net neutrality’’ pro-visions) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROHIBIT THE RECLASSIFICA-TION OF BROADBAND PROVIDERS AS COMMON CARRIERS UNDER TITLE II OF THE COMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the openness of the Internet, which may include prohibiting the reclassi-fication of broadband providers as common carriers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 759 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to clarifying Federal jurisdiction with respect to intrastate spe-cies) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CLARIFYING FEDERAL JURISDICTION WITH RESPECT TO INTRASTATE SPECIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to limiting the Federal regulation of species found entirely within the borders of a single State by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1980 March 26, 2015 
years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the 
total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 925 AND 926 EN BLOC  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments Nos. 925 and 926 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
TILLIS ] proposes amendments numbered 925 
and 926 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 925 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the United States civil courts system) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE UNITED STATES CIVIL COURTS SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the United States civil courts system, including improvements to civil dis-covery rules that will contribute to the speedy and efficient resolution of disputes while protecting the rights of all litigants to a trial by jury, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 926 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-vitude) 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE THAT VOTING RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ARE NOT DENIED OR ABRIDGED ON ACCOUNT OF RACE, COLOR, OR PREVIOUS CONDITION OF SERVITUDE. 
The Chairman of the Senate Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous 
condition of servitude, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, amend-
ment No. 925 recognizes the work that has been done by the Judicial Con-ference to make discovery in civil cases less cumbersome and costly. 
Amendment No. 926 incorporates lan-
guage from the 15th Amendment—no denial or abridgement of the right to vote on account of race—into our budg-et instructions. 
I thank the Chair. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 729, 342, AND 588 EN BLOC  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: amend-ment No. 729, amendment No. 342, and amendment No. 588. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ] 
proposes amendments numbered 729, 342, and 588 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 729 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to invest in surface transpor-tation projects) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INVESTMENTS IN SUR-FACE TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to making changes or providing for the authorization of programs to invest in freight movement, rail, highway, transit, transportation alternatives, and other sur-face transportation projects, including com-petitive grant programs, which will drive United States economic competitiveness, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 342 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the National Guard State Partnership Program) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving theatre security co-operation goals, which may include funding for the National Guard State Partnership Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 588 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing the num-ber of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at air ports of entry) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING THE NUM-BER OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION OFFICERS AT AIR PORTS OF ENTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at air ports of entry to reduce wait times and otherwise facilitate travel, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 402, 596, 597, AND 865 EN BLOC  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up, on behalf of Senator J
OHNSON , amendments Nos. 
402, 596, 597, and 865 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. J OHNSON , proposes amendments num-
bered 402, 596, 597, and 865 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 402 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to improving informa-tion sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to sub-standard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Depart-ment) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1981 March 26, 2015 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WITH RESPECT TO INVESTIGATIONS RELATING TO SUBSTANDARD HEALTH CARE, DE-LAYED AND DENIED HEALTH CARE, PATIENT DEATHS, OTHER FINDINGS THAT DIRECTLY RELATE TO PA-TIENT CARE, AND OTHER MANAGE-MENT ISSUES OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investiga-tions relating to substandard health care, de-layed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 596 
(Purpose: To convey clear information in 
graphic form about projected deficits) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. TO CONVEY CLEAR INFORMATION TO 
CONGRESS AND THE PUBLIC ABOUT PROJECTED DEFICITS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
and Economic Outlook required by section 202(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(e)), the Congressional Budget Office shall— 
(1) include a projection of Federal reve-
nues, outlays, and deficits for a 30-year pe-riod beginning with the budget year, ex-pressed in terms of dollars and as a percent of gross domestic product; and 
(2) publish a graph depicting the mag-
nitude of projected deficits in the Federal budget on a unified basis under current pol-icy, expressed in terms of billions of dollars, arranged appropriately to show— 
(A) the magnitude of the combined pro-
jected deficits of the budget year and the 9 subsequent fiscal years; 
(B) the magnitude of the combined pro-
jected deficits of the 10th through 19th subse-quent fiscal years; 
(C) the magnitude of the combined pro-
jected deficits of the 20th through 29th fiscal years; and 
(D) the magnitude of the combined pro-
jected deficits of the entire period that in-cludes the budget year and the 29 subsequent fiscal years. 
AMENDMENT NO . 597 
(Purpose: To convey clear information to 
Congress and the public about projected Federal outlays, revenues, surpluses, and deficits) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. TO CONVEY CLEAR INFORMATION TO 
CONGRESS AND THE PUBLIC ABOUT PROJECTED FEDERAL OUTLAYS, REVENUES, AND DEFICITS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
and Economic Outlook required by section 202(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(e)), and at any other time the Congressional Budget Office releases projec-tions of Federal deficits over any term of years, the Congressional Budget Office shall publish with its projection a 1-page state-ment— (1) summarizing and categorizing total 
outlays, receipts, surpluses, and deficits of the Federal Government on a unified basis for that same prospective time period; 
(2) categorizing and subtotaling sepa-
rately— 
(A) outlays for mandatory programs and 
for discretionary programs; 
(B) outlays, payroll tax revenue, and off-
setting receipts for Social Security and for Medicare; 
(C) the surplus or deficit of revenues over 
outlays for Social Security and for Medicare; and 
(D) revenues. 
AMENDMENT NO . 865 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund to accommodate legislation that would stop the Federal government from forcing States to pay unemployment compensation benefits to millionaires) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO STOP THE FEDERAL GOVERN-MENT FROM FORCING STATES TO PAY UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSA-TION BENEFITS TO MILLIONAIRES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the payment of unemployment insurance benefits to high-income individ-uals by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the time until 12 noon today be equally divided between the managers or their designees, and that at 12 noon, the Senate vote in re-lation to the following amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes but with side-by-side amendments al-lowed to be offered by Senator S
AND-
ERS, or his designee, on the Scott 
amendment No. 692 and the Vitter amendment No. 515, and that the vote occur on the listed amendment second; so that the order then would be Sand-ers No. 881, Kirk No. 545, Stabenow No. 523, Rubio No. 423, Wyden No. 1012, Paul No. 940, Murray No. 798, Moran No. 356, Baldwin No. 432, Collins No. 810, Franken No. 828, Scott No. 692, Coons No. 966, Blunt No. 928, Durbin No. 817, Vitter No. 515, Bennet No. 947, Mur-kowski No. 838, and Inhofe No. 649. 
I further ask unanimous consent that 
there be 2 minutes equally divided be-tween the managers or their designees prior to each vote and that all votes after the first in this series be 10 min-utes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. For the information of all 
Senators, this will be the first series of votes today. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 932 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 932. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. C OCH-
RAN], for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI , proposes 
an amendment numbered 932. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to establishing a bien-nial budget resolution process) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A BI-ENNIAL BUDGET RESOLUTION PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a biennial budget resolution process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I urge 
the Senate to support this amendment. The amendment I am offering along with the Senator from Maryland, the vice chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee, Ms. M
IKULSKI , proposes the 
creation of a biennial budget resolution process. 
Having a two-year budget could en-
able the annual appropriations process to run more smoothly, and it might also benefit other committees. The ap-propriations process often bogs down due to the failure of the budget resolu-tion process. If there is no budget reso-lution in place, there is no framework to facilitate consideration of appro-priations bills. 
Establishing a biennial budget proc-
ess does merit serious consideration, but biennial appropriations are another matter. 
Proponents of biennial appropria-
tions argue that having an ‘‘off year’’ in which there are no appropriations bills will mean more oversight during the off year. Well, this ignores the close relationship between oversight and the appropriations process itself. Within each year’s appropriations proc-ess, in the hearings before the com-mittee, informal meetings, committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1982 March 26, 2015 
reports, and the bills themselves, Con-
gress provides guidance—admonitions sometimes—and funding adjustments based on program performance and changing priorities. The appropriations process is one of the best tools Con-gress has to reform, improve, elimi-nate, and modernize programs under its jurisdiction. 
Having an off year would not trans-
late into more oversight. It might well have the opposite effect, as Congress would not possess any hammer or use-ful tool of the year’s appropriations bill to modify agency actions. So you’re yielding more power to the exec-utive branch to spend money, borrow money, and try new programs without having proper oversight of the appro-priations and the authorizations proc-ess. 
Writing and debating annual appro-
priations is an essential part of the Congressional oversight responsibility that was contemplated by the Framers of the Constitution. It does not detract from the power of, or minimize or in-fringe on, authorizing committees’ ability to perform additional oversight. There is no limitation under this proc-ess of a legislative committee’s prerog-atives. It provides the money, though, as the Constitution contemplates, through an appropriation of funds ap-proved by the people’s representa-tives—not the Executive’s, not the peo-ple who run the Departments, and not the President himself. 
We changed things with the King of 
England during the colonial era. The people recognized they wanted the peo-ple in charge. ‘‘Here, sir, the people govern’’ became a watchword of the Revolution and the establishment of the United States of America. 
So under this suggestion, which we 
are criticizing at this moment, Con-gress would be compelled to do one of two things: either adjust appropria-tions in the off year through supple-mental appropriations, or give agencies themselves greater flexibility to move money around among different pro-grams and activities that are part of the government spending process. 
The first defeats the purpose of the 
biennial appropriations proposal. The second is a further expansion of Execu-tive power. You’re building up the Ex-ecutive with more tools to do its will without respect to what the people’s representatives in the Congress might prefer. The second is the further expan-sion of Executive power, generally, that we should be wary of granting. The Executive has an enormous amount of power, but under our sys-tem, we should seek an equally power-ful role for the people’s representa-tives, and for the direct election of Members of the U.S. Senate whose re-sponsibility includes the power to help 
ensure that the States have the funds they need to carry out their respon-sibilities. 
Congress can improve its perform-
ance in budgeting, but it does not have to abandon the annual review of theFederal appropriations process. It doesn’t have to be part of the answer to the question. So I hope Senators will carefully re-
view what is at stake and what is being suggested and consider that before you vote. I hope the Senate will support my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, while 
waiting for the Senator from New Jer-sey to arrive in his seat, I want to asso-ciate myself with the remarks of the Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Mr. C
OCHRAN . 
I want to be sure we understand that 
this idea of biennial budgeting is really a bad idea—well intentioned but a bad idea. 
The Isakson amendment goes beyond 
a 2-year budget resolution and calls for establishing 2-year appropriations of bills. The power of the purse is one of Congress’s most powerful holds. We shouldn’t give it up. What would hap-pen, if we go with the Isakson and Sha-heen amendment and not follow Coch-ran-Mikulski, we need to know we would be putting too much power in the hands of the executive branch, unelected bureaucrats, and OMB. So proponents of biennial appropriating will not approve congressional over-sight—just the opposite. 
Without annual appropriations bills, 
agencies will have little incentive to be candid in their testimony and respon-sive to congressional will and congres-sional directives. We sacrifice our most important tool. 
The other consideration is the practi-
cality. Under biennial appropriations, the timeline between the initial fore-cast and the actual budget could be 30 months; then, we can’t also respond to emergencies. Threats change every day—ISIS, security, the crisis that just happened to our allies in Germany. We have to be able to respond. 
Congress should not tie its own hands 
and limit its ability. Support Cochran- Mikulski, defeat Isakson-Shaheen. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENT NO . 881 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 881, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for himself and Mrs. Murray, proposes an amendment numbered 881. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to promoting a sub-stantial increase in the minimum wage) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING A SUB-STANTIAL INCREASE IN THE MIN-IMUM WAGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to labor reform, which may include a substantial increase in the minimum wage by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 720, 721, AND 722 EN BLOC  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments Nos. 720, 721, and 722 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. B OOK-
ER], proposes amendments numbered 720, 721, 
and 722 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 720 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to supporting work-force development through apprenticeship programs) 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING WORK-FORCE DEVELOPMENT THROUGH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funds for programs that support workforce development through apprenticeships, and providing additional funds to the Office of Apprenticeship of the Department of Labor to expand apprentice-ship programs nationally, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 721 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to encourage freight planning and investment that incorporates all modes of transportation, including rail, waterways, ports, and highways to pro-mote national connectivity) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING FREIGHT PLANNING AND INVESTMENT THAT INCORPORATES ALL MODES OF TRANSPORTATION, INCLUDING RAIL, WATERWAYS, PORTS, AND HIGHWAYS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports to encourage freight planning and invest-ment that incorporates all modes of trans-portation including rail, waterways, ports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1983 March 26, 2015 
and highways, by the amounts provided in 
such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 722 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibiting pay-ments for conversion therapy or treat-ments that purport to change the gender identity or sexual orientation of an indi-vidual under the Medicare and Medicaid programs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING PAY-MENTS FOR HARMFUL AND FRAUDU-LENT TREATMENTS UNDER MEDI-CARE AND MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting payments for harmful and fraudulent treatments under the Medi-care or Medicaid programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I hope 
to have the opportunity to speak about amendments Nos. 720 and 722 later, but I would like to speak now about No. 721, which is a freight rail amendment. 
I am very happy to see the Presiding 
Officer, Senator R
UBIO, whom I have 
worked with on other legislation. Hav-ing bipartisan work on important crit-ical issues is essential. I am happy to join with Senator F
ISCHER on this im-
portant amendment. 
It focuses on the urgency to improve 
the movement of freight and strength-en our competitiveness by investing in a comprehensive multimodal national network that includes not just our major highways but our rails, seaports, local roads, and intermodal facilities. 
I am happy to see Senator S
ANDERS , 
who has the courage to stand and speak about the infrastructure deficit in our country and calls for bold, fiscally sound investment. I want to make sure, as we move forward, that freight planning and investment as seen by this amendment is prioritized. Along with Senator F
ISCHER , I support broad-
ening our approach to freight policy that would promote greater national productivity. Why is this important? Hundreds of millions of tons of freight are annually shipped through our ports, rails, and highway networks. 
The Great Corridor runs from my 
State of New Jersey to New York, to Philadelphia, moving over $55 billion in goods each year, and is one of the most significant chokepoints in the U.S. transportation network that moves $17 trillion of goods between metropolitan areas each year. 
The incredible freight network drives 
our economy, boosts economic com-petitiveness, and creates jobs in Amer-
ica, thousands and thousands of jobs. With a slight adjustment of our prior-ities and a strong national commit-ment to investing in our infrastruc-ture, we can dramatically reduce con-gestion, improve the health of our American communities and make sure goods get where they need to go faster, cheaper, all while strengthening our economy and creating jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this important amendment and look forward to continuing to work on critical transportation and infra-structure priorities. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
for debate has expired. 
The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and ask for consid-eration of amendment No. 1024. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I object. 
The vote is set aside for 12 noon. We could have 50 more people coming down and offering additional amendments. They will have an opportunity to offer those amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
AMENDMENT NO . 881 
There is 2 minutes of debate prior to 
a vote on the Sanders amendment No. 881. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this is 
a very simple, straightforward amend-ment. It calls for a substantial increase in the minimum wage. The simple truth is that in America, people work-ing full time should not be living in poverty. Since 1968, the real value of the Federal minimum wage has fallen by close to 30 percent. People all over this country and in State after State on their own have voted to raise the minimum wage. 
By the way, in State after State 
where the minimum wage has gone up, more jobs have been created. Let us stand today with the tens of millions of workers who are struggling to put food on the table, to take care of their fami-lies. Let us raise the minimum wage 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I would 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ This is not the proper place for this. It can be handled as regular legislation at any time. This budget resolution is focused on balancing the budget in 10 years. That is important in and of itself, be-cause balancing the budget renews job growth and expands opportunity for hard-working families. 
CBO analyzed our budget for its eco-
nomic growth impact. That report makes it clear that the economy grows as the government slows its spending rate. With that growth comes new jobs. Building on CBO’s analysis, it is clear that over 1 million new jobs could be created if our budget took full effect. That will create competition for em-ployees. That will increase wages. The minimum wage was designed to 
be a training wage that teaches people how to show up for work on time and how to learn a job before transitioning to new jobs, and those that do get ad-vanced really quickly. 
I would ask there be a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this amendment. It does not belong in this budget. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1024 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 1024. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Mexico [Mr. H EIN-
RICH], for himself, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. B EN-
NETproposes an amendment numbered 1024. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To create a point of order against 
legislation that would provide for the sale of Federal land to reduce the Federal def-icit) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST THE SALE 
OF FEDERAL LAND TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEFICIT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would provide for the sale of any Federal land (other than as part of a program that acquires land that is of comparable value or contains exceptional re-sources or that is conducted under the Fed-eral Land Transaction Facilitation Act (43 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.)) that uses the proceeds of the sale to reduce the Federal deficit. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 881 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Sanders amendment No. 881. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, 
nays 52, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1984 March 26, 2015 
[Rollcall Vote No. 93 Leg.] 
YEAS—48 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 881) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I under-
stand there is a bipartisan agreement in the works to modify the Kirk amendment No. 545 and, therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the vote on amendment No. 545 occur after the vote on Inhofe amendment No. 649. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 523 
There are now 2 minutes of debate 
prior to a vote on Stabenow amend-ment No. 523. 
The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
would hope we could all come together and agree that we want to bring jobs back to America. This is about saying if you are a business in America and you want to pretend to move offshore on paper but have the benefits of clean air and clean water and roads and all of the benefits of our American way of life, you ought to be contributing to that way of life. So this closes tax loopholes being used by companies right now to avoid paying their fair share. 
Small businesses are here paying 
their fair share; individuals are, work-ers are. Yet we have a code where you 
can pack up and move overseas and American taxpayers have to foot the bill for the move. The workers losing their jobs have to foot the bill for the move. It makes no sense. 
We want to bring jobs back to Amer-
ica. This simply closes egregious loop-holes to make sure everybody is a part of America and that everybody is con-tributing to our quality of life and our way of life in America. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. Some of Senator S
TABENOW ’s tax 
reform ideas might have merit, but they should be dealt with in the con-text of comprehensive tax reform rath-er than as a stand-alone proposal. Oth-erwise, we would have a whole bunch of these stand-alone proposals that would become part of the budget, instead of empowering committees of jurisdiction to handle them as regular legislation, which they still would have to do. 
The U.S. Tax Code is overly com-
plicated. It is inefficient, and it is ar-chaic. The current structure hurts eco-nomic growth, frustrates working Americans, and pushes American busi-nesses overseas. Any discussion of international or corporate tax reform should take place in the context of comprehensive tax reform to simplify the whole system. 
The budget resolution assumes the 
tax-writing committees will adopt a tax reform proposal that reduces mar-ginal rates but broadens the tax base to create a fair, efficient, competitive, pro-growth tax regime, and that the revenue is neutral. We look forward to working on that in the Committee on Finance. 
I oppose the amendment, and I ask 
for a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Ms. STABENOW. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 94 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson 
Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds 
Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis 
Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 523) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the vote on Wyden amendment No. 1012 occur after the vote on the Stabenow amendment No. 523, and that amendment No. 940 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 940), as modi-
fied, is as follows: 
On page 14, line 2, increase the amount by 
$76,513,000,000. 
On page 14, line 3, increase the amount by 
$48,578,000,000. 
On page 14, line 6, increase the amount by 
$112,990,000,000. 
On page 14, line 7, increase the amount by 
$87,604,000,000. 
On page 14, line 11, increase the amount by 
$29,603,000,000. 
On page 14, line 15, increase the amount by 
$11,863,000,000. 
On page 14, line 19, increase the amount by 
$6,396,000,000. 
On page 14, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,274,000,000. 
On page 15, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$6,300,000,000. 
On page 15, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$16,800,000,000. 
On page 16, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$13,020,000,000. 
On page 16, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$3,570,000,000. 
On page 16, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$1,050,000,000. 
On page 17, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$9,100,000,000. 
On page 17, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$11,900,000,000. 
On page 17, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$4,200,000,000. 
On page 17, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$2,100,000,000. 
On page 18, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$700,000,000. 
On page 20, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$6,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$8,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 1, decrease the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 21, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$500,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$16,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$19,600,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1985 March 26, 2015 
On page 29, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$400,000,000. 
On page 33, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$29,520,000,000. 
On page 33, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 34, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$11,480,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1012 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Wyden amendment No. 1012. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, earlier in 
this week I was encouraged when Re-publicans voted with Democrats to ap-prove an amendment I introduced with Senator S
ANDERS that would protect 
Medicaid beneficiaries from benefit cuts under the budget. But when we ac-tually look at the Republican budget on Medicaid, it is impossible to square that budget, which has $1.2 trillion in cuts, with the vote that was held ear-lier this week to protect Medicaid. And we can’t get those savings without cut-ting reimbursements for nursing homes and long-term care services. Medicaid pays 40 percent of all nursing home care. 
Colleagues, let us be consistent with 
our Medicaid vote that was cast earlier this week, and support my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ The budget be-fore us suggests we modernize the Med-icaid program based on the successful and bipartisan model of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
The Senate budget strengthens and 
improves Medicaid and protects the most vulnerable among us who rely on the program. The budget does not cut Medicaid. It slows its rate of growth. The Senate Finance Committee will of course determine the details of any Medicaid reform should legislation on that matter come before this body. And it would require legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposing the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this 
budget makes massive cuts in Medicaid and will throw women, men, and chil-dren off of that vitally important pro-gram. 
I strongly support the Wyden amend-
ment. Let’s protect Medicaid. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining before the vote. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
Mr. WYDEN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 95 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 1012) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 423 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Rubio amendment No. 423. 
The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, this is a 
pretty straightforward amendment. It funds defense fully based on the Gates budget, which was the last defense budget that was put together based solely on the assessment of threats we face and the requisite military needs to deal with those threats. The national security of our country is the predomi-nant obligation of the Federal branch of government. It is the one thing that only the Federal Government can do, and it is the first thing it is tasked with doing. If it cannot protect us from foreign threats and protect our na-tional security, all the other issues we are contemplating become elementary. This is a critical component, given the fact that around the world today there is an increase in threats from radical jihadists and nonstate actors to rogue states such as Iran and North Korea, to massive military buildup on behalf of the Chinese and the Asia-Pacific re-gion, to the challenges faced by NATO and our allies in Europe as Vladimir Putin tries to redraw the post-Soviet order in Europe. 
Therefore, I urge my colleagues to 
support this. It does, once again, put us at the Gates’ budget number which was the last number we arrived at, that was presented to us, and that fully funds the needs of our military based truly on the threats of the modern era. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. This is truly a re-
markable amendment because it runs directly in opposition to everything 
the Republicans have been talking about. They say we have to cut Medi-care and Medicaid and education be-cause of the terrible deficit. Do you know why we have a deficit and large debt? Because we went to war in Iraq and Afghanistan and we forgot to pay for it. 
Now Senator R
UBIO says, hey, let’s 
continue spending more money on war but just put it on the credit card. We don’t have to pay for it. Enough is enough. If you want to go to war, start paying for that war. Let the American people know what the cost of war is. 
Mr. President, I raise a point of order 
that the pending amendment violates section 312(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Pursuant to section 904 
of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and ap-plicable budget resolutions for pur-poses of my amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 32, 
nays 68, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 96 Leg.] 
YEAS—32 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Collins Cotton Crapo Cruz Enzi 
Gardner Graham Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Shelby Sullivan Thune Wicker 
NAYS—68 
Alexander 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz 
Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 32, the nays are 68. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1986 March 26, 2015 
affirmative, the motion is not agreed 
to. 
The point of order is sustained and 
the amendment falls. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. I wish to remind everyone 
that these are supposed to be 10-minute votes. I am asking for a little bit closer timing on this. We have hundreds of them to go yet today, so we need to be more responsive in voting. It is a 10- minute vote. 
I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 940, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Paul amendment No. 940, as modified. 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, national 
defense is the No. 1 priority of the Fed-eral Government. My amendment in-creases defense spending, but pays for it with spending cuts. It is irrespon-sible and dangerous to continue to put America further into debt, even for something we need. We need national defense, but we should pay for it. 
America does not project power from 
bankruptcy court. We need a strong na-tional defense, but we should be honest with the American people and pay for it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
Republican budget throws 27 million people off of health care. It denies nu-trition programs for hungry kids and pregnant women. It cuts $90 billion from the Pell program, making it hard-er for young people to get a college education, and it raises the price of prescription drugs for the elderly. For Senator P
AUL, that is apparently not 
enough. He wants, over a 2-year period, $189 billion in cuts to discretionary programs, which will be devastating to the working families of this country. 
Stop the war against working fami-
lies. Vote no on the Paul amendment. 
I make a point of order that the 
pending amendment violates section 312(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Pursuant to section 904 of 
the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and ap-plicable budget resolutions for pur-poses of my amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 4, 
nays 96, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 97 Leg.] 
YEAS—4 
Enzi 
McConnell Paul 
Vitter 
NAYS—96 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 4, the nays are 96. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment, as modified, falls. 
The Senator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 798 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the 
amendment I am offering today would simply expand access to paid sick days and give our families some much need-ed economic stability. 
Working families should not have to 
sacrifice a day’s pay or sacrifice their job altogether just to take care of themselves or a sick child, but today in this country, 43 million of our Nation’s workers do not have access to paid sick days. This amendment would allow workers to earn up to 7 paid sick days over the course of a year. 
It will not only help our families, it 
will be good for business. Paid sick days boost productivity, and in cities and States that already have paid sick leave laws, many employers state that this policy has not affected their rev-enue. 
Allowing workers to earn paid sick 
days would take us a step closer to having an economy that works for all of our families, and I urge its support. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. Under the current law, the Fam-ily Medical Leave Act provides 12 work weeks of job-protected unpaid leave for employees following the birth of a child, to care for a seriously ill family member, or for their own serious health issues. 
Voluntary paid leave programs work 
precisely because they are voluntary, thereby offering flexibility to both em-
ployees and employers. The one-size- fits-all approach does not permit the flexibility needed to help all kinds of businesses and all kinds of workers. Employers, not the Federal Govern-ment, are best situated to know the 
benefits compensation that should be provided. 
This, again, is a bill that should go 
through committee. It might be very successful if it goes through the com-mittee process, but regardless it ought to, and so I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Murray amendment No. 798. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 61, 
nays 39, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 98 Leg.] 
YEAS—61 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—39 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Capito Coats Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue 
Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 798) was agreed 
to. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, on roll-
call vote No. 98, I voted nay. I intended to vote yea. Therefore, since it will not affect the outcome of the vote, I ask unanimous consent that I be recorded as voting yea. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The foregoing tally has been 
changed to reflect the above order.) 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, on 
rollcall vote No. 98, I voted nay. I in-tended to vote yea. Since it will not af-fect the outcome of the vote, I ask unanimous consent that I be recorded as voting yea. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1987 March 26, 2015 
(The foregoing tally has been 
changed to reflect the above order.) 
AMENDMENT NO . 356 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). There is 2 minutes of debate 
prior to a vote on the Moran amend-ment No. 356. 
The Senator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, the 
Moran amendment is an attempt to ad-dress the issue—in fact it is addressing the issue—of the 40-mile requirement contained in the choice act that Con-gress passed in August. Senators may recall that in August we were success-ful in coming together and passing leg-islation to give veterans greater op-tions if they live more than 40 miles from a VA facility or if they cannot get the services within 30 days, the VA should provide those services, if they choose, at home. 
This amendment makes clear that 
the VA should provide those services in the circumstance where there is a VA facility within 40 miles, but it does not provide—if it does not provide the serv-ice the veteran needs, it does not count against the 40 miles. This is a common-sense, very bipartisan amendment. I ask that it be adopted. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate Senator M
ORAN raising this 
issue. Last year we wrote the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act. We included language to allow veterans living at least 40 miles from a VA facility to access care in the com-munity. 
Like Senator M
ORAN , I represent a 
rural State. I am the first to under-stand the unique needs of rural vet-erans. I have spoken with Senator M
ORAN and understand his intention is 
to ensure that veterans living at least 40 miles from a facility that provides the care they need can seek care in the community through the Choice Pro-gram on a case-by-case basis. 
If that is his intention, I think it is 
a good amendment. I think we should all support it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 100, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 99 Leg.] 
YEAS—100 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown 
Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins 
Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi 
Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy 
Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio 
Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The amendment (No. 356) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 432 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Baldwin amendment No. 432. 
The Senator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, my 
amendment would create a free com-munity college program, making a bold investment in our Nation’s students, its workforce, and the future of our economy. 
It pays for this investment in a bal-
anced way, and my amendment would actually reduce the deficit by enacting the Buffett rule, asking millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes while giving our students a fair shot at the opportunities a higher 
education brings. 
Inspired by programs in Tennessee 
and Chicago, this spring President Obama proposed a program that would allow students to attend community college for 2 years at no cost. This was a bold step. 
Passing my amendment will show 
that Congress is ready to act to give every student a fair shot at an afford-able education. Voting for this amend-ment means you believe a college edu-cation should be a path to the middle class and not a path into debt. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote 
yes on the Baldwin-Schumer-Sanders- Stabenow amendment to support free community college and invest in our students and our workforce. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for the 1 
minute in opposition, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. It spends more than $50 billion and pays for it by raising taxes. 
This amendment is again telling the 
Finance Committee exactly how to do its work. But worse yet, the Presi-dent’s budget proposal for community college tuition free for all is not free for the States. 
The Federal Government would pay 
75 percent, but the States have to pay 25 percent. That is a 25-percent un-
funded mandate. There is no provision for the States to be covered under this thing. 
So we are telling them they are going 
to provide free college, although a lot of them already do. For the poor, the Pell grant is $5,775, and the average college tuition is $3,347. But it is not clear exactly what strings the adminis-tration would attach to States and community colleges in exchange for a 75-percent match. 
Some of Senator B
ALDWIN ’s tax re-
form ideas may have merit, but they should be dealt with in the context of comprehensive tax reform rather than as a stand-alone proposal. 
I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The question is on agreeing to 
the Baldwin amendment. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 55, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 100 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 432) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 810 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Collins amendment No. 810. 
The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I offer 
this amendment on behalf of myself and Senator H
IRONO . Our amendment 
would create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to expand access to higher edu-cation for some of our neediest stu-dents through the Pell grant program. 
The amendment would allow for 
year-round Pell grants so students who want to accelerate their degrees by taking additional courses, including during the summer, can receive an ad-ditional Pell grant when they need it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1988 March 26, 2015 
and complete their education more 
quickly without having to wait for the next academic year to begin. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I want to thank the 
Senator from Maine. We should be working to make college more afford-able, reducing the crushing burden of student debt, and giving Americans a chance to further their education and training skills. 
The underlying budget makes drastic 
cuts to Pell grants and would increase the average student’s debt by thou-sands of dollars. The amendment of the Senator from Maine would help make college more affordable and accessible by reinstating the year-round Pell grant, which is a much needed invest-ment to improve students’ success. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I urge our colleagues 
to support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I think we 
have an agreement to take this on a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The amendment (No. 810) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 828 
(Purpose: To provide additional resources to 
save student financial aid and keep college affordable for more than 8,000,000 low- and middle-income students by restoring the $89,000,000,000 in cuts to Federal Pell Grants in the Republican budget) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Franken amendment No. 828. 
The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, we 
just voice-voted an amendment to let students use summer Pell grants, but the fact is this budget cuts Pell grants. In Minnesota alone, more than 160,000 students were able to go to college thanks in part to Pell grants, and the same holds for millions around the country. 
When my wife Franni and I were in 
college, a full Pell grant paid for about 80 percent of a public college edu-cation. Today it pays for less than 35 percent. Yet this budget would cut this program and make it harder for stu-dents to pay for college. My colleagues want to cut it further. We should not be doing that. 
That is why I offer this amendment 
to restore funding for Pell grants. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. FRANKEN. I urge my colleagues 
to vote yes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator wish to call up his amend-ment? 
Mr. FRANKEN. I would say yes. I ask unanimous consent to set aside 
the pending amendment and call up my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. 
FRANKEN ], for himself, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, and Mr. R EED, proposes an amendment 
numbered 828. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
RECORD of March 25, 2015, under ‘‘Text 
of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote no. 
First, this amendment would in-
crease deficits relative to the budget resolution. It increases spending in Function 500, with no offset. 
Second, the budget resolution doesn’t 
cut Pell grants, the primary program helping these millions of people. 
The budget does encourage restoring 
the Pell Grant Program to its original status as a discretionary program, sub-ject to annual review by colleagues. The tuition purchasing power of Pell grants is at an all-time low even though Pell grant spending has tripled in the past decade. Since 2008, there has been an effort to maintain and in-crease the maximum Pell grant, but college tuition increases faster than that. 
This is a program that needs to be re-
viewed by the applicable committee to see what needs to be done. We think there are parameters in the budget to take care of the issue. It provides suffi-cient funding on the discretionary side to maintain the maximum Pell grant level, which is set to rise to $5,775 for the upcoming academic year. 
I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 101 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr 
Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins 
Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz 
Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson 
Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 828) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on amendment No. 692. 
The Senator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1026 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside in order to call up my amendment No. 1026. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
Mrs. M URRAY , for herself and Mr. W YDEN , 
proposes an amendment numbered 1026. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to transparency health premium billing) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
CONSUMER PRICE TRANSPARENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148) taxes or other provisions in health insurance monthly premium state-ments, including advance premium tax cred-its, cost sharing reductions, medical loss ratio rebates and savings, free preventive care, coverage of preexisting conditions and prohibitions on premium rating because of gender, the cost of insurance company ad-ministrative expenses, and taxes and fees, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, more 
than 5 years after being signed into law, the Affordable Care Act is improv-ing the health and well-being of mil-lions of Americans. Many of the Afford-able Care Act’s greatest successes are getting lost in the noise of political at-tack ads. The Affordable Care Act has expanded health care coverage to mil-lions of Americans. These people no longer have to go to bed at night wor-ried about the possibility of bank-ruptcy if they get sick. 
Americans who had coverage already 
are benefiting from new protections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1989 March 26, 2015 
Women now pay the same premiums as 
men. Preexisting conditions can no longer be used as an excuse to deny coverage, and health plans no longer put lifetime caps on benefits. This amendment would require insurers to disclose all of the benefits afforded to consumers through the Affordable Care Act. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we don’t 
have any problem with this being taken by voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1026. 
The amendment (No. 1026) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 692 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Scott amendment No. 692. 
The Senator from South Carolina. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up the Scott amendment No. 692 in regard to transparency in health insurance costs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. 
SCOTT] proposes an amendment numbered 
692. 
Mr. SCOTT. I ask unanimous consent 
that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 692 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to transparency in health premium billing) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRANSPARENCY IN HEALTH PREMIUM BILLING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148) tax in health insurance monthly premium statements, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, my 
amendment is a very simple amend-ment. It simply seeks to make sure in-surance companies increase the trans-parency on the actual cost of the health insurance tax on monthly pre-miums. The bottom line is this: When a sin-
gle mom goes to the grocery store and she gets her receipt, at the bottom of the receipt it reflects the taxes she has paid. When a father of three buys clothes, at the end of his receipt it re-flects the taxes that are being paid. 
By the year 2018, this invisible tax 
not seen by the average insurance pur-chaser will have raised about $14.3 bil-lion in costs because of this health in-surance tax. My amendment makes it easier to understand and appreciate the actual cost of the health insurance tax. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the 
Affordable Care Act is a critical step forward in our efforts to build on our progress to put patients first and al-lows every family to get affordable, quality health care. But the work didn’t end when the law passed—far from it. Families across the country are expecting us to keep working to build on that progress and continue to make health care more affordable, ac-cessible, and of higher quality. That is what we are focused on, on this side, and the amendment that just passed did that, but we should not be playing political games in joining to move our health care system backward. It is bad enough that the underlying budget re-peals the health care law and cuts pa-tients and families off without pro-posing an alternative law, but this amendment makes it worse. It means patients and families get skewed, in-complete information about their health care costs. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 102 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly 
Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley 
Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer 
Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 692) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the vote on the Coons amendment be moved to occur after Kirk amendment No. 545. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 928 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Blunt amendment No. 928. 
The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of this amendment, amend-ment No. 928. It will create a deficit- neutral reserve fund to prohibit a fee or tax on carbon emissions. This vote is important to send a clear message to the administration that Americans cannot afford to pay higher utility bills because of bad energy policies. 
I thank Senator T
HUNE for cospon-
soring this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator wish to call up his amend-ment? 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 928. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. B LUNT ], 
for himself and Mr. T HUNE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 928. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to protect the United States from an energy tax) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CARBON EMISSIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1990 March 26, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to carbon emissions, which may in-clude prohibitions on Federal taxes or fees imposed on carbon emissions from any prod-uct or entity that is a direct or indirect source of emissions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I yield 
20 seconds to the Senator from Cali-fornia. 
Mrs. BOXER. I say to my colleagues 
that when you put a price on carbon, it works. If you look at my State, we are creating jobs in clean energy. We are balancing our budget better than we ever have before. We have strong sup-port from the people of California. I don’t know why on Earth we would say no to something that leads to pros-perity, jobs, and a clean and healthy environment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I yield 
20 seconds to the Senator from Rhode Island. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
the premise of this is that climate change is not real and not urgent, which puts that side of the aisle at odds with NASA, the Department of Defense, every major American sci-entific society, corporate leaders in their home States, and probably every single State university in their home States. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, cli-
mate change—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, 20 plus 
20 equals 40 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They 
spoke for more than 20 seconds. 
All time has expired. The question is on agreeing to Blunt 
amendment No. 928. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 58, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 103 Leg.] 
YEAS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton 
Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp 
Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds 
Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune 
Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 928) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 817 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Durbin amendment No. 817. 
The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we have 
a Tax Code in America which creates incentives and rewards to companies all across the United States. 
I am proposing what I call the pa-
triot employers’ tax credit. It is a tax credit for those American companies that hire Americans and keep their jobs in the United States, for compa-nies that pay at least half of their em-ployees $15 an hour—and we picked that number because at that wage, one doesn’t qualify for the basic safety net programs—companies that provide good health insurance for their em-ployees, good pension programs for their employees, and companies that give a preference to veterans and to those in the Reserve and National Guard who are serving overseas. I think those companies deserve our en-couragement, a reward of a tax credit for patriotic employers. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
standing up for the companies that stand up for America. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, here we go 
again. I will be asking the Senate to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Again, Senator D
URBIN has some 
good tax reform ideas. They probably have merit, but we should deal with these ideas through comprehensive tax reform rather than a stand-alone pro-posal that tells the Finance Committee how to do its work. 
So far, we have resisted every one of 
these amendments. I assume we will re-sist the rest of them today. But we can’t tell the Finance Committee how to handle comprehensive tax reform if we expect to simplify the whole sys-tem. 
So I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, is there 
any time remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Durbin amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 104 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 817) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 515 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Vitter amendment No. 515. 
The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, this 
amendment, No. 515, the Vitter amend-ment, is very simple and straight-forward but important. It says that the U.S. Department of Education should not be able to bribe or coerce States into any particular set of standards or curriculum or testing, whether it is common core or anything else. That decision should be up to the States. That decision should be up to local education communities, not the Fed-eral Government. The Federal Govern-ment, through our Department of Edu-cation, should not bribe or coerce States in any direction. That is what the amendment is all about. 
I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I 
think we all believe that in our coun-try all students should have access to a quality public education regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money they make. Edu-cation is one of the smartest invest-ments we can make. 
Chairman A
LEXANDER and I are work-
ing together on a bipartisan process to fix the broken No Child Left Behind law. I believe we are going to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1991 March 26, 2015 
progress in the coming weeks. I appre-
ciate his working with me. 
The fact is that this amendment is 
not needed. The common core was not mandated by the Federal Government. Race to the Top did not mandate adop-tion of common core. ESEA waivers have not mandated the common core. Federal law already prohibits the Fed-eral Government from requiring States to adopt certain standards or cur-riculum. 
By the way, this is a ‘‘spending neu-
tral’’ reserve fund that I think we all should be aware of for the first time in this Republican budget. 
For all of those reasons, I urge a 
‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 105 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 515) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Kirk amend-ment No. 545 and the Inhofe amend-ment No. 649 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
I further ask unanimous consent that 
a vote on Whitehouse amendment No. 867 occur after the vote on the Mur-kowski amendment No. 838. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 545), as modi-
fied, is as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REIMPOSING WAIVED SANCTIONS AND IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS AGAINST IRAN FOR VIO-LATIONS OF THE JOINT PLAN OF AC-TION OR A COMPREHENSIVE NU-CLEAR AGREEMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Iran, which may include efforts to immediately reimpose waived sanctions and impose new sanctions against the Gov-ernment of Iran if the President cannot make a determination and certify that Iran is complying with the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive agreement on Iran’s nu-clear program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 947 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Bennet Amendment No. 947. 
The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-ment No. 947. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. B ENNET ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 947. 
Mr. BENNET. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that small businesses 
are provided relief as part of tax reform by permanently increasing the maximum amount of the section 179 small business expensing allowance to $1,000,000 and the investment limitation to $2,500,000 and in-dexing them both for inflation) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to small business tax relief, which may include a permanent increase of the sec-tion 179 small business expensing allowance to $1,000,000 or an increase in the investment limitation to $2,500,000, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, this is a 
simple amendment. It increases the amount of money that small businesses can expense in a given year. That makes it easier for them to purchase 
new equipment and grow the economy. 
It is especially important to places 
such as the State of Colorado, where small businesses make up 97 percent of the employers in our State. Specifi-cally, the amendment increases the section 179 expensing allowance to $1 million. Right now, it is at $25,000. 
If we ever manage to pass another ex-
tenders bill, it will increase to $500,000. As we all know, many small businesses are pass-through entities. So they pay the individual tax rate even though they may use business tax credits and deductions. So in tax reform they may lose some of their credits but may not see a corresponding drop in their tax rates. 
As we begin the process of reforming 
our Tax Code, we need to ensure that these types of small businesses can continue to grow, invest, and innovate. This amendment takes an important step in achieving this goal. 
I am told that there is an agree-
ment—there may be an agreement—to have a voice vote on this amendment. That would certainly be fine with me. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. I don’t think there is any 
objection on our side to a voice vote. I ask for a voice vote. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
Hearing no further debate, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to Bennet amend-ment No. 947. 
The amendment (No. 947) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 838 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Murkowski amendment No. 838. 
The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
call up amendment No. 838. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is already pending. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
Senator S
ULLIVAN and I have come to-
gether to move forward on this amend-ment. It provides a spending-neutral reserve fund for the sale, transfer or exchange of Federal lands to State and local governments. 
I want to make sure that folks under-
stand. This is not selling any land by itself. Only subsequent legislation can do that. It would require us to come back, just as we do now, with ex-changes, conveyances, and sales, to move the legislation through. 
What we have done is we have made 
sure that all lands that are included within national parks, national pre-serves, and national monuments are excluded so there can be no effort to purchase or exchange there. 
Our amendment will allow us to craft 
balanced, bipartisan legislation to em-power States, improve conservation systems, and promote economic growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1992 March 26, 2015 
That is exactly what we did last 
year, when we moved through the NDAA with support from 80 Senators for that package. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ 
vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, Amer-
icans have always had a deep connec-tion to the outdoors. In New Mexico, families go back year after year to fish in the Santa Barbara River, to the Santa Fe National Forest to hunt, and to the Gila National Forest. 
Our public lands are part of our 
American heritage. We cherish passing that tradition on to our children and to our grandchildren. Yet this amendment would make it easier to turn our public lands over to State land commissioners and eventually to sell them outright. 
Make no mistake. This amendment 
will mean more locked gates and more ‘‘no trespassing’’ signs in places that families have used for generation. 
Colleagues, this land is your land. I 
urge Senators to vote no on this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Mur-kowski amendment. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his inquiry. 
Mr. SANDERS. Has the 10-minute 
limit expired? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair is advised that it has. 
Mr. SANDERS. Thank you. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, please, a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
shall be no further inquiries during a rollcall vote. 
Mrs. BOXER. And what rule is that 
that governs that? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is advised that we are in a rollcall vote. 
Mrs. BOXER. Well, you allowed an-
other parliamentary inquiry. Why wouldn’t you allow my parliamentary inquiry? All I want to know is how many minutes we have gone over the vote. I hear it is 11 minutes, Mr. Presi-dent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The par-
liamentary inquiries are at the suffer-ance of the Chair. 
Mrs. BOXER. The sufferance of the 
Chair? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The suf-
ferance of the Senate. 
Mrs. BOXER. Well, the Senate is defi-
nitely suffering. But, in any event, we are 11 minutes over. Let’s bang the 
gavel. 
The result was announced—yeas 51, 
nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 106 Leg.] 
YEAS—51 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—49 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 838) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 867 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Whitehouse amendment No. 867. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
this amendment would establish a def-icit-neutral reserve fund that would make it more difficult for corporations and billionaires to secretly influence our elections through secret contribu-tions and also to prevent such entities from evading campaign finance law, in-cluding by making false statements to Federal authorities and agencies. 
I can tell my colleagues, if you are 
not sick of the secret money floating into our elections, your constituents are. So listen to your constituents. Give this a vote, and let’s get started on fixing this grave American disgrace. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Respectfully, I think we have some skepticism about this proposal, and I want to remind my colleagues this issue was decided by the Supreme Court over 5 years ago. The Citizens United case has nothing to do with corporate-union contribu-tions to campaigns. Those prohibitions remain in place, and the Supreme Court decision reversed what for-profit and not-for-profit corporations can say in elections. The Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act bans election-related ex-penditures and communications by American corporations. Proposals like this amendment are not designed to en-sure transparency and civility of elec-tions. They are, as Justice Thomas’s 
concurring opinion in Citizens United correctly described, ‘‘specifically cal-
culated to curtail campaign-related ac-tivities and prevent the lawful, peace-ful exercise of First Amendment rights.’’ 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
how much time is remaining on our side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has 13 seconds. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. The Supreme 
Court specifically left the disclosure of these sources of these secret contribu-tions to Congress. So the Supreme Court actually has given us this job. I urge that we take it up. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, how much 
time does our side have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mrs. BOXER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to White-
house amendment No. 867. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 107 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Donnelly 
The amendment (No. 867) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1993 March 26, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 649, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that amendment No. 649 be brought up, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ], 
for himself and Mr. M ORAN , proposes an 
amendment numbered 649, as modified. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that further reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibiting funding of international organizations during the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratifi-cation and adoption of implementing legis-lation) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUND-ING OF INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TIONS DURING THE IMPLEMENTA-TION OF THE UNITED NATIONS ARMS TRADE TREATY PRIOR TO SENATE RATIFICATION AND ADOP-TION OF IMPLEMENTING LEGISLA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding, which may include pro-hibiting funding for the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty Secretariat or any inter-national organizations created to support the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratifica-tion and adoption of implementing legisla-tion by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on amendment No. 649, as modified. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, everyone 
in here knows what the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty does. It doesn’t in-fringe upon our Second Amendment rights. We all know that. It also limits our ability to help our allies like Israel in building their weapons system. 
President Obama has signed the trea-
ty but has not submitted it for ratifica-tion; for one reason, he knows the votes are not there. Two years ago, at 5 a.m. in the morning, 53 Senators, from both parties, voted for my amend-ment very similar to this. My amend-ment would prevent funds from going to the treaty Secretariat or any other organization that is working to imple-ment this treaty. 
I ask for your support and retain the 
remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, the 
United States is not a party to the Arms Trade Treaty. It has not even been submitted to the Senate for con-sideration. Regardless of your position on the treaty itself, prohibiting fund-ing for any international organization anywhere while other countries are im-plementing a treaty is simply absurd. By the way, the treaty for which we are not a party to ultimately makes the rest of the world live up to the arms export standards of the United States, which is good to prevent pro-liferation for destabilizing arms that could be used against American sol-diers and to help level the playing field for U.S. defense manufacturers. So the amendment actually harms U.S. na-tional security by placing U.S. soldiers at greater risk from armed soldier transfers to our enemies, illegitimately and illegally, without proper oversight by other countries. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, how 
much time do I have? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has 15 seconds. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is 
very simple. If you are for extreme gun control and against the Second Amend-ment rights, you ought to vote no on this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Inhofe amendment No. 649, as modified. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 108 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey 
Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer 
Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper 
Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein 
Franken Gillibrand Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez 
Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz 
Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 649), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 545, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Kirk amendment No. 545, as modi-fied. 
Who yields time? The Senator from Illinois. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, the coming 
amendment is the Kirk-Brown amend-ment which is the key Iran vote of this session of Congress. 
If my colleagues are upset about the 
intel-sharing arrangement with the State of Israel, if my colleagues feel we should rebalance our policy with re-gard to the United States potentially voting against Israel in the U.N., this is the time to rebalance our policy with regard to our allies in the State of Israel. 
I urge the body to support this 
Brown-Kirk bipartisan amendment which has been worked out with the other side. I just talked to the senior Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , 
who assured me she supports this amendment. So does the senior Senator from New Jersey, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , with 
whom I have built such a long, bipar-tisan partnership on the Iran issue. 
I urge adoption of this amendment. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I will 
just take 20 seconds and yield the rest. 
I hope we all vote for this because it 
doesn’t do anything to cause disarray in negotiations. What it says is if there is a deal and there is a breakout and it is certified that there is a breakout with Iran, we would have a very quick way to restore sanctions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. I thank the Senator 
from Illinois as well as the Senator from New Jersey and the Senator from California. 
We are united in our goal of pre-
venting Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon; we all know that here. I com-mend the President for trying to re-solve the nuclear dispute diplomati-cally. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Kirk-Brown-Boxer-Menendez amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
All in favor say aye, all opposed, no. The ayes appear to have it. Mr. KIRK. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we 
voted. Regular order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1994 March 26, 2015 
Mr. KIRK. I would like to get the 
yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have 
a point of order. Was the vote called? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote 
was not called. 
The yeas and nays have been asked 
for. 
Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 100, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 109 Leg.] 
YEAS—-100 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The amendment (No. 545), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
AMENDMENT NO . 966, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask that 
my amendment be modified with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator wish to call up the amend-ment? 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I wish to 
call up amendment No. 966, as modi-fied. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. C OONS ], 
for himself and Mr. S ANDERS , proposes an 
amendment numbered 966, as modified. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to offsetting the costs of operations against the Islamic State) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO OFFSETTING THE COSTS OF OPERATIONS AGAINST THE ISLAMIC STATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing revenue to offset the costs of the war against the Islamic State, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, we need 
to make sure we pay for our war against ISIS. ISIS is a national secu-rity threat. We are just now coming to the end of two long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that have cost trillions of dollars, and we didn’t pay for them. It is unacceptable. Our country has a long history of paying for our wars, and we need to return to that tradition. As a democracy, we should go to war as a nation and not put the burden on just the troops and their families. 
I am pleased to have the cosponsor-
ship of Senator S
ANDERS , and I urge my 
colleagues to support our amendment to raise the revenue necessary to pay for our war. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I certainly appreciate the statement 
of my good friend, and we have talked a good deal about this. I believe we ought to pay for everything we do around here. There are all kinds of ways for paying for things, including reducing spending on things we shouldn’t be spending money on. So I would like to work with him in the fu-ture. I agree with him 100 percent that the amount of money that goes out the door should be equal to the amount of money that comes in the door, but I oppose this amendment just because of the way it was crafted. I wish he had said it needed to be paid for, and I would agree with that, but the way it is crafted leads me to want to oppose this, and I hope on our side we will do so. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, how much 
time is remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thirty 
seconds. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I would 
simply say that I appreciate the senti-ment expressed by the Senator from Tennessee. I agree that all wars need to be paid for. I think we need to recog-nize that revenue is required to do so. 
I yield the floor to Senator S
ANDERS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, how much 
time is remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
20 seconds remaining. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no.’’ The Coons amendment is short and simple, but it claims it will 
offset the cost of the war against ISIS with the President’s budget. We didn’t pass the President’s budget. This $8.8 billion is divided between the Depart-ment of Defense, which executes Oper-ation Inherent Resolve, and the State Department, which provides—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will come to order. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, what 
this amendment says is that if Sen-ators vote for another war, this time they will have to raise taxes to pay for it. No more wars on the credit card. Vote yes. 
Mr. COONS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment, as modified. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 110 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 966), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
WICKER ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, for the in-
formation of all my colleagues, it only took us 6 hours 15 minutes to do 17 votes. 
The next tranche has 26 votes in it. I 
need to let you know that you don’t have to wait all 10 minutes to turn in your vote. If you vote in 5 minutes, we can finish in 5 minutes. 
Otherwise, a 5-minute vote takes us 
10 minutes, just like a 10-minute vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1995 March 26, 2015 
takes us 20 minutes, and a 15-minute 
vote takes us 30 minutes. 
We are going to have to cut down the 
time, or I am sure people are going to give up before they get to some of their amendments. 
I do need to announce that there is 
dinner in the Mansfield Room. It is courtesy of Senator M
CCONNELL , and it 
is for both parties. 
You also need to know that Senator 
REIDhas agreed to provide dinner to-
morrow night in the Mansfield Room. So unless we can speed this up, what we are looking for is a volunteer for breakfast and for lunch tomorrow. 
Looking at the list of amendments, I 
am pretty serious about all of that. We need to speed it up. 
To do that, Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the following amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes, with an exception of a side-by- side to the Nelson amendment No. 944 and the McCain amendment No. 360, and that the listed amendments be voted on second. 
The first one is Isakson, No. 839; then 
Stabenow, 1072; Portman, 689; Casey, 632; Thune, 607; Bennet, 1014; McCon-nell, 836; Merkley, 842; Gardner, 443; Murray, 951; Graham, 763; Blumenthal, 825; Flake, 665; Sanders, 475; Hatch, 1029; Schatz, 1063; Kirk, 1038; Nelson, 944; McCain, 360; Wyden, 968; Lee, 750, as modified; Reed, 919; Cotton, 659; Menendez, 993; Cotton, 664; Brown, 994. 
The amendment (No. 750), as modified 
is as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 750 
On page 64, line 11, insert ‘‘, which may in-
clude funding the payments in lieu of taxes program at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land’’ after ‘‘Taxes (PILT)’’. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask unanimous consent 
that all the amendments on this list not currently pending be made pending en bloc at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nonpending 
amendments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
as follows: 
Stabenow, 1072; Bennet, 1014; McConnell, 
836; Graham, 763; Sanders, 475; Hatch, 1029; Schatz, 1063, Kirk, 1038; Wyden, 968; Reed, 919; Cotton, 659; Cotton, 664; Brown, 994. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1072 
(Purpose: To provide additional resources to 
reject the Senate Republicans’ proposed $435 billion in cuts to Medicare) 
On page 32, line 2, increase the amount by 
$1,813,000,000. 
On page 32, line 3, increase the amount by 
$1,813,000,000. 
On page 32, line 6, increase the amount by 
$11,996,000,000. On page 32, line 7, increase the amount by 
$11,996,000,000. 
On page 32, line 10, increase the amount by 
$22,539,000,000. 
On page 32, line 11, increase the amount by 
$22,539,000,000. 
On page 32, line 14, increase the amount by 
$30,065,000,000. 
On page 32, line 15, increase the amount by 
$30,065,000,000. 
On page 32, line 18, increase the amount by 
$38,117,000,000. 
On page 32, line 19, increase the amount by 
$38,117,000,000. 
On page 32, line 22, increase the amount by 
$47,460,000,000. 
On page 32, line 23, increase the amount by 
$47,460,000,000. 
On page 33, line 2, increase the amount by 
$56,270,000,000. 
On page 33, line 3, increase the amount by 
$56,270,000,000. 
On page 33, line 6, increase the amount by 
$65,098,000,000. 
On page 33, line 7, increase the amount by 
$65,098,000,000. 
On page 33, line 10, increase the amount by 
$76,773,000,000. 
On page 33, line 11, increase the amount by 
$76,773,000,000. 
On page 33, line 14, increase the amount by 
$84,543,000,000. 
On page 33, line 15, increase the amount by 
$85,543,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1014 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to responding to the economic and national security threats posed by human-induced climate change, as highlighted by the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Admin-istrator of National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ADDRESSING CLI-MATE CHANGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting national security, eco-nomic growth, and public health by address-ing human-induced climate change through increased use of clean energy, energy effi-ciency, and reductions in carbon pollution by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 836 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may in-clude a prohibition on withholding high-way funds from States that refuse to sub-mit State Implementation Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REGULATION BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY OF GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS-SIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Environ-mental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a prohibition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementation Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 763 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to subjecting all Fed-eral spending to sequestration) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUBJECTING ALL FED-ERAL SPENDING TO SEQUESTRA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to subjecting all Federal spending, except spending relating to Social Security, to sequestration by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 475 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to strengthening the United States Postal Service by estab-lishing a moratorium to protect mail proc-essing plants, reinstating overnight deliv-ery standards, and protecting rural serv-ice) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO STRENGTHENING THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening the United States Postal Service, which may include imposing a moratorium to prevent mail processing plants from closing, reestablishing overnight delivery standards, recognizing the impor-tance of rural delivery, allowing the Postal Service to innovate and adapt to compete in a digital age, or improving the financial con-dition of the Postal Service by the amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1996 March 26, 2015 
provided in such legislation for those pur-
poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1029 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to prevent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the cor-porate income tax rate) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT AMERICAN JOBS FROM BEING MOVED OVERSEAS BY REDUC-ING THE CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing American jobs from being moved overseas, which may include a reduction in the corporate income tax rate, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1063 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring all legally married same-sex spouses have equal ac-cess to the Social Security benefits they have earned and receive equal treatment under the law pursuant to the Constitution of the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING EQUAL TREATMENT OF MARRIED COUPLES UNDER THE SOCIAL SECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring equal treatment of mar-ried couples, which may include ensuring that all legally married spouses have access to Social Security benefits after the death of their spouse, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1038 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to increase wages for American workers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE WAGES FOR AMERICAN WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reaffirming the ability of States to adopt minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage level commensurate with the cost of living in the State, which may include the adoption of pro-employment 
and wage-increasing policies by providing pro-growth tax relief and eliminating exces-sive government mandates, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 968 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to enacting middle class tax relief, including extending and expanding refundable tax credits, such as tax provisions and policies included in leg-islation like the Working Families Tax Re-lief Act, American Opportunity Tax Credit Permanence and Consolidation Act, Help-ing Working Families Afford Child Care Act, or the 21st Century Worker Tax Cut Act, among other legislation) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MIDDLE CLASS TAX RELIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending and expanding refund-able tax provisions that benefit working families, childless workers, and the middle class, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 919 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to eliminating deduc-tions for corporate compensation in excess of $1,000,000) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ELIMINATING DEDUC-TIONS FOR CORPORATE COMPENSA-TION IN EXCESS OF $1,000,000. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to excessive subsidization in the tax code of corporate compensation, which may include eliminating deductions for corporate compensation in excess of $1,000,000, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 659 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibiting the des-ignation of critical habitat) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING PROPER ECONOMIC CONSIDERATION IN DES-IGNATION OF CRITICAL HABITAT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to critical habitat designations, which may include requirements that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service ex-amine the cumulative economic effects of the designation, such as on land or property uses or values, regional employment, or rev-enue impacts on States and units of local government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 664 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to construction of new facilities and improvements to existing fa-cilities at the detention facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF NEW FACILITIES AND IMPROVE-MENTS TO EXISTING FACILITIES AT THE DETENTION FACILITIES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that the de-
tention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are an impor-tant tool in the counterterrorism efforts of the United States. 
(b) D
EFICIT -NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND.—The 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relat-ing to construction of new facilities and im-provements to existing facilities at the de-tention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 994 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to end ‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks (over $500 bil-lion in total assets) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT–NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO END ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ BAIL-OUTS FOR WALL STREET MEGA- BANKS (OVER $500 BILLION IN TOTAL ASSETS). 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to any bank holding companies with over $500,000,000,000 in total assets to better protect taxpayers, including such measures as capital or leverage requirements, restric-tions on the growth, activities, or operations of a company, or divestiture of assets or op-erations of any company that is unable to present a credible plan to facilitate an or-derly bankruptcy or resolution, without rais-ing new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1997 March 26, 2015 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I further 
ask unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes equally divided between the managers or their designees prior to each vote and that all votes after the first in this series be 10 minutes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 827, 1025, 533, 984, AND 535 EN  
BLOC 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the following amendments en bloc: Hatch No. 827, Hatch No. 1025, Hatch No. 533, Hatch No. 984, and Hatch No. 535. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. H ATCH , proposes amendments numbered 
827, 1025, 533, 984, and 535 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 827 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to reforming the Fed-eral regulatory process by enabling retro-spective review of existing regulations, im-proving the process by which new regula-tions are created, ensuring fair and effec-tive judicial review, and securing an effec-tive role for Congress in the Federal regu-latory process through legislation and oversight) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE FED-ERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) creating an effective mechanism for the 
review of the existing Federal regulatory burden to identify rules for repeal or modi-fication that— 
(A) impose paperwork burdens that could 
be reduced substantially without signifi-cantly diminishing regulatory effectiveness; 
(B) impose disproportionately high costs 
on small businesses; 
(C) could be strengthened in their effec-
tiveness while reducing regulatory costs; 
(D) have been rendered obsolete by techno-
logical or market changes; 
(E) have achieved their goals and can be re-
pealed without target problems recurring; 
(F) impose the greatest opportunity costs 
in terms of economic growth; 
(G) are ineffective; (H) overlap, duplicate, or conflict with 
other Federal regulations or with State or local regulations; or 
(I) impose costs that are not justified by 
benefits produced for society within the United States; 
(2) reforming the process by which new reg-
ulations are made by Federal agencies, in-cluding independent agencies, for the pur-
poses of— 
(A) prioritizing early public outreach in 
the rulemaking process; 
(B) ensuring the use of the best available 
scientific, economic, and technical data; 
(C) preventing the misuse of guidance doc-
uments to skirt public input; 
(D) ensuring the use of best practices for 
regulatory analysis, including cost-benefit analysis, into each step of the rulemaking process; 
(E) facilitating the adoption by Federal 
agencies of the least costly regulatory alter-native that would achieve the goals of the statutory authorization; 
(F) ensuring more careful consideration of 
proposed high-cost rules; 
(G) ensuring effective oversight of the Fed-
eral regulatory program, including inde-pendent regulatory commissions, by the Of-fice of Information and Regulatory Affairs; 
(H) improving the consideration of adverse 
impacts on small businesses; 
(I) providing greater transparency in the 
rulemaking process; and 
(J) improving compliance with section 515 
of the Treasury and General Government Ap-propriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2736A–153) (commonly known as the ‘‘Information Quality Act’’), the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), and chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’); 
(3) enhancing accountability by facili-
tating fair and effective judicial review of agency actions; and 
(4) ensuring that Congress can effectively 
exercise its appropriate role in the regu-latory process through legislation and over-sight; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1025 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to H–1B visas) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO H–1B VISAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to H–1B visas, which may include in-creasing the annual cap or exempting ad-vanced STEM degree holders from the H–1B cap or recapturing unused green cards or al-lowing spouses of H–1B visa holders to work or increasing STEM funding in the United States by raising the H–1B fee paid by em-ployers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 533 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that De-partment of Justice attorneys comply with disclosure obligations in criminal prosecu-tions) 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING THAT DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE ATTORNEYS COMPLY WITH DISCLOSURE OBLIGA-TIONS IN CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that all Department of Justice attorneys comply with all legal and ethical obligations in criminal prosecutions, which may include legislation that ensures the disclosure to the defendant in a timely manner of all information known to the Gov-ernment that tends to negate the guilt of the defendant, mitigate the offense charged or the sentence imposed, or impeach the Gov-ernment’s witnesses or evidence, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 984 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that pa-tients, including military members and veterans, have access to new antibacterial drugs that treat serious or life-threatening infections through the creation by the Food and Drug Administration of a limited population approval pathway for anti-bacterial drugs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A LIMITED POPULATION AP-PROVAL FOR ANTIBACTERIAL DRUGS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the treatment of serious or life- threatening infections for which there is an unmet medical need, and which may include the establishment by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration of a limited population ap-proval pathway to bring to market new anti-bacterial drugs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 535 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to balancing the Fed-eral budget) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO BALANCING THE FED-ERAL BUDGET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to balancing the Federal budget, which may include legislation to ensure that total outlays for any fiscal year do not ex-ceed total receipts for that fiscal year and legislation to ensure that total outlays for any fiscal year do not exceed 18 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States for the calendar year ending before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1998 March 26, 2015 
the beginning of such fiscal year, by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1044, 1047, 724, 713, AND 1005  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-ment No. 1044 on behalf of Senators C
ARDIN and M CCAIN; and amendments 
Nos. 1047 and 724 on behalf of Senator K
AINE; amendment No. 713 on behalf of 
Senators M URPHY and C ASSIDY ; and 
amendment No. 1005 on behalf of Sen-ators M
URPHY and G RAHAM . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments by number en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for other Members, proposes amendments numbered 1044, 1047, 724, 713, and 1005 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1044 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally rec-ognized human rights or significant acts of corruption) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPOSING SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN PER-SONS RESPONSIBLE FOR GROSS VIO-LATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS OR SIGNIFICANT ACTS OF CORRUPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross viola-tions of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1047 
(Purpose: To provide for sequestration 
replacement) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REVISE OR REPEAL SE-QUESTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels and lim-its in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend section 251(c) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or the enforcement procedures under section 251A of that Act to revise or repeal the discretionary spending limits and 
enforcement procedures established under those sections, relating to providing relief from sequestration and the reduction in dis-cretionary spending limits for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, split evenly between both the revised security category and the revised nonsecurity category, and offsetting such re-lief through targeted changes in mandatory or discretionary spending programs and tax expenditures by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. For purposes of de-termining deficit-neutrality under this sec-tion, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may include the esti-mated effects of any amendment or amend-ments to the discretionary spending limits. 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ADJUSTMENTS FOR SEQUESTRATION 
REPLACEMENT. 
(a) M ECHANISM FOR IMPLEMENTING INCREASE  
INDISCRETIONARY LIMITS .—If a measure be-
comes law that amends the discretionary spending limits established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)), the adjustments to discretionary spending limits under section 251(b) of that Act (2 U.S.C. 901(b)), or the enforcement procedures established under section 251A of that Act (2 U.S.C. 901a), the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall adjust the allocation called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and may adjust all other budg-etary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolution, as nec-essary, consistent with such measure, up to the amounts specified and reserved in sub-paragraph (b). 
(b) A
MOUNTS SPECIFIED AND RESERVED .— 
The amounts specified (and to be reserved from the allocation called for in section 302(a) allocation of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate until such time as the conditions specified in sub-section (a) are met are— 
(1) for fiscal year 2016— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(2) for fiscal year 2017— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom). 
AMENDMENT NO . 724 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing United States exports and improving the competi-tiveness of United States businesses) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING UNITED STATES EXPORTS AND IMPROVING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF UNITED STATES BUSINESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing United States exports and improving the competitiveness of United States businesses, including through a long- 
term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 713 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to comprehensive men-tal health reform) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO COMPREHENSIVE MENTAL HEALTH REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to comprehensive mental health re-form, which may include legislation that provides increased access to individuals suf-fering from mental illness and greater work-force opportunities for mental health profes-sionals, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1005 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to expanding United States counter-propaganda communica-tions to combat misinformation from the Russian Federation or terrorist groups like ISIS and al Qaeda) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR INTERNATIONAL STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions,or conference reports relating to funding for international counter-propaganda communications in order to combat misinformation, undermine ideologies of violence and hatred, and ensure moderate voices are heard, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 839 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Isakson amendment No. 839 
The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, amend-
ment No. 839 recognizes that on No-vember 4, 1979, 52 brave Americans were taken hostage in Tehran, Iran. They were beaten, they were held in captivity, they were tortured. 
Finally, the Algerian accords were 
negotiated, and they were released in January of 1981. But in the Algerian ac-cords, they were prohibited from ever being compensated by litigation against the nation of Iran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1999 March 26, 2015 
Now, with the sanction money flow-
ing into the U.S. Treasury and into the State Department, the money is there to compensate these brave individuals, of which there are 44 still remaining alive. 
This amendment acknowledges that 
Congress has the responsibility that the Supreme Court dedicated to make sure these people get compensated for the bravery they exhibited for the United States of America in captivity. 
I urge that this amendment be adopt-
ed. 
I recognize the Senator from New 
Jersey. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
strongly support Senator I
SAKSON ’s ef-
forts here, which passed in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last year, working with the State Depart-ment, and moved unanimously to ap-prove this bill. 
This is to give 52 Americans, who 
were held hostage in Iran and denied the opportunity to seek redress for their terrible ordeal, that opportunity. The only way we are going to give them that opportunity for the 444 days that their families were held hostage in Iran, is to have this type of action. 
I look forward to working with them, 
not just today but beyond, to get it passed so we can get these American families their justice. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Georgia for his leadership on this issue. He and I have cosponsored a bill that achieved this goal. 
This amendment is vitally important 
to advance public awareness and make our colleagues more aware of the im-portance of this very significant issue. I thank him for his leadership. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Isakson amendment. 
The amendment (No. 839) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1072 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Stabenow amendment, No. 1072. 
The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise to ask support for the Stabenow- Cantwell amendment. 
This addresses the cuts to the budget 
in Medicare. Medicare is a universal health care program, as we know. It is a great American success story. Every-body believes that. 
It protects Americans from having 
their life savings wiped out by a single illness. It guarantees important med-ical care and quality of life for literally tens of millions of people across our country. 
I was very disappointed yesterday 
that our Republican colleagues voted against providing a point of order that would allow us to object to efforts to privatize Medicare or cut benefits or raise out-of-pocket costs for prescrip-
tion drugs or preventive services. But as a result of that, we now have in front of us a budget that calls for $435 billion in cuts to Medicare. 
We all know there are ways to work 
together to create savings through effi-ciencies and quality measures and other things, but we should not be tell-ing a generation of seniors, and those coming beyond them—who worked hard their whole lives and paid into the programs—that they will not have the health care they need and deserve. 
So I ask colleagues to join with us in 
rejecting the $435 billion in Medicare cuts that are in this budget resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote no. 
In the committee, Senator S
TABENOW  
heard several different versions of this amendment. None of them passed mus-ter with the Parliamentarian. 
I credit the Senator’s instincts to ap-
proach the question of Medicare seri-ously. I am sure she knows we all take Medicare seriously. Why does the budg-et resolution have the numbers that it has? Because the Republicans and the President agree that we have to act on policies which extend the life of the Medicare trust fund. 
The budget does this by adopting the 
President’s goal of extending the life of Medicare’s hospital insurance, HI trust fund, by at least 5 years. 
While Republicans and the President 
share the goals of a financially strong-er Medicare Program, the Republican budget empowers the Senate Finance Committee, the committee of jurisdic-tion, to determine how best to extend the life of the trust fund and solve the program’s grave financial challenges. Many people have concerns about what the administration has proposed with this new Medicare policy. I do, too, and expect that the Finance Committee, working on a bipartisan basis and in cooperation with the House, can craft a solid, successful legislation to save Medicare from insolvency. 
I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Stabe-now amendment. 
Ms. STABENOW. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 111 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons 
Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King 
Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz 
Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner 
Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 1072) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 689 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Portman amendment No. 689. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this 
amendment is a commonsense reform that allows the Joint Committee on Taxation to provide an accurate score to those of us in the Senate. 
Right now we get a static score only, 
and everybody knows it is not wise to just have a static score, because it doesn’t take into account the effect of tax changes on the economy. 
I think everyone in the Chamber 
would agree there is some impact on the economy. We have to know what it is. This is informational. We will still get the static score, but also get a mac-roeconomic score. 
The Joint Committee on Taxation al-
ready does the analysis. So they have the information, they are just not al-lowed to share it with you. I would think everybody in this Chamber should support this. 
In the underlying bill, there is al-
ready also a macroeconomic analysis on the spending side, which is some-thing new. So spending and taxes will both be analyzed. We will have the macroeconomic score. 
The last time we talked about this a 
couple years ago on the floor, we got a majority vote—some Democrats, all the Republicans. I hope we will get a bipartisan vote today. I think it only makes sense for us to have the best in-formation possible to be able to do the best tax reform possible, for instance, to be sure it does focus on economic growth, jobs, and rising wages. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, dy-
namic scoring is nothing more than an accounting gimmick that makes tax cuts appear at least partly pay for themselves. It is an attempt to make it seem like the failed policies of trickledown economics work, but we know better. 
According to the CBO, the Bush tax 
cuts from 2001 and 2003 are responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2000 March 26, 2015 
for more than 13 percent of the in-
crease in our national debt from 2001 to 2011. 
Tax cuts did not grow the economy; 
they just grew our debt. The fuzzy math of dynamic scoring may get to a different answer, but the reality is that tax cuts for large profitable corpora-tions and the wealthiest Americans do not pay for themselves. They just make the rich richer. 
Once again, Republicans are opting 
for accounting gimmicks to cover up their real intentions. Dynamic scoring will rig the scoring process in favor of legislation that benefits those who are already doing very well. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-
ment. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, how 
much time is remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Portman amendment. 
Mr. SANDERS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 112 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey 
Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 689) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 632 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
RUBIO). There is now 2 minutes of de-
bate prior to a vote on Amendment No. 632. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I am hon-
ored to be working on this amendment with Senator S
HAHEEN and Senator 
MURRAY . This amendment will create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to support 
efforts to prevent employment dis-crimination against pregnant workers. 
In the United States today, for so 
many years, we have had a standard set forth in the Americans with Disabil-ities Act, reasonable accommodations for those with disabilities. The same should apply to pregnant workers. 
We had a Supreme Court case deci-
sion just yesterday. Peggy Young was victorious, but the result is that there is no predictable standard for pregnant workers in the workplace. We need a standard so employees know what their rights are and so employers can follow the law. 
I yield for my colleague Senator S
HA-
HEEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, this 
is about ensuring that women are not discriminated against because they want to have children. This is making sure that women don’t have to choose between their jobs and their families. It is about ensuring that all women can be reassured that if they are pregnant, their employer has to provide reason-able accommodations. 
I hope my colleagues will vote for 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to 
declare that Republicans are com-mitted to fair and equal treatment of pregnant women as well. Congress passed the Pregnancy Discrimination Act in 1978 and passed the Family and Medical Leave Act in 1993. Congress may need to enact this specific legisla-tion through committee in order to ad-dress this issue. This amendment does confirm the ability of the committee of jurisdiction to draft legislation. We would be happy to accept this on a voice vote. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I request 
a rollcall vote and ask for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. ENZI. A rollcall vote has been re-
quested. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Casey amendment No. 632. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge the 
Republicans to vote aye. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 100, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 113 Leg.] 
YEAS—100 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown 
Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins 
Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi 
Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy 
Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio 
Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
The amendment (No. 632) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 607 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Thune amendment No. 607. 
The Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of my amendment No. 607, to create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to repeal the Federal estate tax, better known as the death tax. 
My amendment will put the Senate 
on record in support of eliminating this destructive and ill-conceived tax on American families in their time of grief. It has often been said but it is worth repeating: A death in the family should not be a taxable event. 
I agree wholeheartedly with a piece 
in the newspaper earlier this week by Harry Alford, president of the National Black Chamber of Commerce, who writes that the death tax ‘‘dispropor-tionately hampers minority and women-owned businesses across the country’’ and ‘‘creates an unfair situa-tion for minority businesses which have finally started to accumulate wealth within the last 60 years.’’ 
The death tax also hits farmers par-
ticularly hard. 
According to USDA statistics on 
cropland values, a significant percent-age of farms in my State of South Da-kota and States such as North Dakota, Montana, Illinois, Indiana, Colorado, Minnesota, Florida, and Missouri re-main subject to this double tax even at the higher estate tax exception limit. 
Incremental relief from this unfair 
tax is not enough. The time has come for full repeal. I urge support for my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this 
amendment is not about family farms or small business. This amendment benefits exclusively the wealthiest three-tenths of 1 percent of the fami-lies in this country—the very, very wealthiest people—and 99.7 percent of the families in America will not ben-efit by 1 nickel. By the way, for those concerned about the deficit, this will cost us $250 billion over a 10-year pe-riod. 
Ironically, the Republican budget 
raises taxes for lower income families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2001 March 26, 2015 
who are on the earned-income tax cred-
it program and the children’s tax cred-it program. So what we are doing now is giving tax breaks to billionaires in the same bill that we are raising taxes for low-income working families, and adding significantly to the deficit. 
I think this should be a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. THUNE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 114 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 607) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1014 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate on the Bennet amendment No. 1014. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, this 
amendment is very straightforward. The purpose reads ‘‘. . . responding to the economic and national security threats posed by human-induced cli-mate change, as highlighted by the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Admin-istrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.’’ 
The amendment establishes a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund to promote na-tional security, economic growth, and public health by addressing climate change through the increased use of clean energy, the deployment of energy efficiency, and the reduction of carbon pollution. That is it. That is all it is—simply a 
statement of all the facts and the sug-gestions of three common strategies to address the issue. 
Climate change is a serious threat to 
the world, to our country, and to Colo-rado. Ask anyone whose farm or ranch depends on water from the Colorado River or one of its tributaries. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ators time has expired. 
Mr. BENNET. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, just 
Wednesday of this week, the new an-nual Gallup poll came out. It said very clearly that among the six environ-mental concerns the Gallup poll in-cluded in its survey, global warming polled at the very bottom, right after the loss of the tropical rainforests, I might add. Gallup also found that a majority believe that the seriousness of global warming is overstated. 
The Obama administration and oth-
ers on this side like to claim 97 percent of the world’s scientists believe in manmade global warming. Monday’s Wall Street Journal op-ed debunked the 97 percent and the survey rep-resents the views of only 79 respond-ents out of 3,149. Lastly, the agencies they are talking about that claim that 2014 was the warmest year on record, such as NASA—NASA now has reduced that to 38 percent. They have retreated from that position. So the people have caught on to this hysteria, and I ask colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment No. 1014. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 115 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham 
Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—47 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy 
Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain 
McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott 
Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 1014) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 836 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate on McConnell amendment No. 836. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
believe the next amendment is No. 836. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Let me just say to 
my colleagues that this is an amend-ment which ought to pass 100 to 0. Let me tell you why. The Administrator of EPA just testified within the last cou-ple of weeks that she does not have the authority under the Clean Power Plan to cut off State roads and bridges funds. 
So today, with my friends from Ken-
tucky and Oklahoma, I have offered an amendment that is really quite simple. It says that Washington bureaucrats should not be allowed to punish inno-cent Americans by threatening the roads and bridges they use just because a citizen’s State may take a wait-and- see approach—a wait-and-see ap-proach—as courts rule on massive EPA regulations. These are regulations which would threaten the middle class without having a meaningful impact on the global climate. 
The legal issues here will resolve 
themselves eventually. But whatever our party or ideology, we should be able to agree that the Federal Govern-ment should not be punishing hard- working families just to score political points as States await legal clarifica-tion. 
Let me say it again. The Adminis-
trator of the EPA does not believe she has the authority to do this. We need to make it clear that the Senate op-poses any step in that direction. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
The Senator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I rise 
in opposition to amendment No. 836, which seeks to undercut the Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan to address cli-mate change and reduce dangerous car-bon pollution. 
The year 2014 was the single most 
dangerous year ever recorded in terms of temperatures, the warmest in his-tory. NOAA and NASA continue to chronicle this ever-worsening warming planet. Not only will the President’s power plan reduce greenhouse gasses, but it will also reduce the amount of pollution that leads to dangerous smog-related diseases that are con-tracted by Americans all across our planet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2002 March 26, 2015 
Instead of debating this amendment, 
we should be debating the way to re-duce the impacts of dangerous green-house gases on our planet. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no on 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The question is on agreeing to 
the McConnell amendment No. 836. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 57, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 116 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 836) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 842 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Merkley amendment No. 842. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has returned $5 million to American citizens victimized by predatory scams and unscrupulous practices. If you sup-port ending victimization of our citi-zens, support this bill. If you support creditors, then vote against it. 
I yield to my colleague from Dela-
ware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am 
proud to join with Senator M
ERKLEY in 
advancing this amendment. It is impor-tant we continue to have a strong and effective CFPB to protect consumers and ensure transparency and fairness in our financial marketplace. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote by my col-
leagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. The Consumer Financial Protec-
tion Bureau is, and always has been, an agency with excessive independence. The agency actually steals funding from the Federal Reserve before it goes to the Federal Government, which takes away from our general fund. There is no control over any part of that agency. 
Once it had a Director a year ago, we 
said there needed to be an inspector general taking a look at this problem. But the inspector general said he has no access to the records, even though he works there. 
So this is an agency that is out of 
control. It is time for us to gain con-trol over the agency, and I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Merkley amendment. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 117 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 842) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 443 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Gardner amendment No. 443. 
The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, this 
amendment does a very simple thing. It protects State water rights. It cre-ates a deficit-neutral reserve fund to make sure we are protecting privately held water rights from intrusion by the U.S. Forest Service or the ski area water rule, and it makes sure we are keeping private water rights held safe 
from groundwater rules by the U.S. Forest Service. 
This is an effort to make sure we are 
protecting private water rights, pre-venting bypass flows, and making sure we are doing everything we can to make sure that State water law is the imminent feature of our water in this country. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, the 
Gardner amendment would radically change the way water is handled on public lands. There are real concerns about how Federal land management agencies deal with water, particularly in the drought-afflicted West. But this amendment is so broad that it is trying to address these problems in a way that will have numerous unintended consequences. It would make even worse some of the water shortages in the areas of the West, particularly in the Lower Colorado Basin. It would also create havoc in our national parks in both the East and the West. 
The amendment would call into ques-
tion the status of water contracts actu-ally signed by the Bureau of Reclama-tion throughout the West. Uncertainty is the last thing we need. It would have damaging implications for settlements such as the Yakima Basin where people have come to agreement. 
I agree we need to continue to work 
on the drought issues in the West. But saying that Federal management agen-cies don’t have their obligations, such as helping in the national forests with firefighters—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, once 
again, this is about water rights. This is about making sure we protect State- held water rights. 
It is a very clear contrast. If you be-
lieve water rights should be managed by the Federal Government, then vote against the amendment. But if you be-lieve private water rights are under State law, managed by State law, de-cided by State law, then vote for this amendment. 
Let’s protect our private water 
rights. Let’s keep our law clear—that this matter belongs in the hands of the States and not in the hands of the Fed-eral Government. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Gardner amendment No. 443. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 41, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2003 March 26, 2015 
[Rollcall Vote No. 118 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey 
Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 443) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 951 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to the vote on the Murray amendment No. 951. 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as a 
former preschool teacher, I have seen firsthand the kind of transformation that early learning can inspire in a child. I believe we should be investing more in our children, not less. So today I am offering an amendment to expand access to early childhood education so more kids can start kindergarten ready to learn. This amendment would ex-pand high-quality early learning oppor-tunities for low- and moderate-income 3- and 4-year-olds and build on the in-vestments that Governors and legisla-tors across the country, regardless of party affiliation, are already making to improve early learning opportuni-ties through public-private partner-ships. It is fully paid for by closing wasteful tax loopholes. I hope our col-leagues can support this critical amendment. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. All of us know there is a great value to pre-school, and the Federal Government already spends as much as $20 billion per year on early childhood programs, including Head Start. This amendment would call for $66 billion over 10 years, so it is just $6.6 billion per year. But we already spend $20 bil-lion, which is almost as much as we 
spend on kindergarten through 12th grade. How many programs do we need? We have 45 at the moment. 
One year ago, when we reauthorized 
the child development block grant, I offered an amendment to reduce the number of programs to five and put them all under one agency. That would save enough money to do this. Elemen-tary and secondary education will be marked up, I think, when we get back. That committee process would be the appropriate place to consider this pro-posal, not in the budget. I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Murray amendment No. 951. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 119 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 951) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 763 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Graham amendment No. 763. 
The Senator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I am 
going to withdraw this amendment, but before I do, I will take a couple of minutes to explain what it would do and what awaits us. 
Most Members of the body don’t un-
derstand, I think, that there are 160 programs which are exempt from se-questration. Our pay is exempt from sequestration, as is Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, food stamps, most all of Medicare, all of Medicaid, and the Vet-erans’ Administration. The military, the intel community, and NIH have had devastating cuts, but we don’t in-clude our own pay. At the end of the 
day, how can we justify making sure we take care of the veterans, but we are putting those who are serving our country in the fight today at risk? 
So I will withdraw this amendment 
for now because I think we are about to get some reason regarding sequestra-tion, but if we don’t, I will have an amendment for each of the 160 pro-grams, starting with our pay. We need to feel the pain we are inflicting on other people. 
I will withdraw this amendment for 
now, hoping we can fix sequestration, but if not, we need to take a look at the entire government and let others feel the pain, not just those who wear the uniform and are doing the work this country needs to have done. 
AMENDMENT NO . 763 WITHDRAWN  
With that, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 825 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Blumenthal amendment No. 825. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
this amendment helps to keep faith with our veterans and to make sure we leave no veteran behind by reflecting and responding to their voices and the message they have given us about the need for more and better health care relating to post-traumatic stress, treatment for military sexual trauma, and an improvement in the delivery of health care for them around the coun-try. 
It also improves the job training and 
rehabilitation programs for our vet-erans and makes sure, among other provisions, there is greater account-ability and more funds and support for the inspector general of the VA so we can avoid the kinds of gaps and egre-gious shortcomings we have seen in this past year and also improve the Choice Program this Congress passed. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
this bipartisan amendment. 
I thank Senator M
ORAN and Senator 
BALDWIN for their support and cospon-
sorship and urge that we keep faith with our Nation’s heroes and leave no veteran behind. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we are will-
ing to take this on a voice vote. 
We yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Blumenthal amendment No. 825. 
The amendment (No. 825) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 665 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Flake amendment No. 665. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2004 March 26, 2015 
The Senator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, in 2009, 
the President signed Executive Order 13502, which states that it is the policy of the Federal Government to encour-age executive agencies to consider re-quiring the use of PLAs, or project labor agreements, in connection with large-scale construction projects. 
This Executive order did not man-
date the use of PLAs. However, some Federal agencies have interpreted that order to require it, and so all this amendment does is take it back to what the law intended—that the Fed-eral Government is neutral with regard to the awarding of contracts, allowing the free market to work its will, and deliver to taxpayers the best possible product at the best possible price. 
I urge adoption of the amendment 
and ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the 
Flake amendment—and Senator F
LAKE  
is my friend—strikes the project labor agreement option. 
What is a project labor agreement? It 
is only awarded to a company after they win the competitive bid. So they have to come in with a low competitive bill. 
What does a project labor agreement 
contain? How much it is going to cost, what wages will be paid, and how dis-putes will be settled. The net result is that projects cost less and they are done on time. 
Why would we want to eliminate the 
possibility of saving taxpayers money with project labor agreements? I hope my colleagues will vote no so we can put the money we are going to save from the Flake amendment into some important investments in America. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if I 
could have the attention of all Sen-ators. At the rate we are going, we could be here until 5 a.m. in the morn-ing, so I think it is a good time to seek some cooperation. 
We have a number of amendments 
lined up here where sponsors will take a voice vote in the tranche we are working on now. If there are any Sen-ators who are not in the current tranche and would like to be consid-ered, I recommend that those Senators come over here and talk to the budget staff and see if we can’t take some of them and do it by a voice vote and see if we can move through this process so we can get out of here at a reasonable hour. 
I ask my friend the Democratic lead-
er to give us a view of the status on the Democratic side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Senator 
from South Carolina set a good exam-ple by withdrawing his amendment. That is really what the standard should be. Senator B
LUMENTHAL was 
second best when he said he would take a voice vote. The only disagreement I 
would have with my friend the Repub-lican leader is that if we go through all of these amendments that are pending, it will take 33 more hours. That is the math. That is the truth. We need to 
move on. 
Remember, this budget resolution is 
a statement of policy. It is not the law. We can say ‘‘I gotcha’’ on this one, ‘‘we gotcha’’ on that one, but that is—we have done that now for 8 hours or whatever it is. 
I really do agree with the Republican 
leader. The staff has worked so hard. They haven’t worked just today and yesterday and this week; they have been working for weeks to get us to the position where we are tonight. I know the Republican leader bought dinner tonight, and I appreciate that very much. But if we can get finished here 
by 11:30, I will buy dinner when we get back, and it will be better than that. 
So we have had an ample vote-arama. 
For all the new Members, they see what it is like. The time has come for Senators to show some restraint. 
No one’s election is going to be deter-
mined—I say that to the world. No one’s election is going to be deter-mined by what is taking place here to-night—no election. I defy anyone to show me in any of these vote-aramas where a vote has made any difference. And we are witnesses to that, and I can testify to that. One time, to show my colleagues how meaningless these votes are, we voted against prisoners being able to have Viagra in prison. We actually voted on that. No one lost an election. By the way, it was defeated. 
So let’s—we can go through all of the 
Viagra amendments and do all of these things to embarrass each other, but that isn’t what we should be doing. The time has come to forgo pressing amendments to votes altogether. 
It has been very dignified. Earlier 
today, I said how proud I am of the two managers of this legislation. They have totally different political outlooks, but they have been gentlemen to each other and gentlemen to each of us. 
So I hope we can move forward as 
quickly as possible. The agreement for the dinner was not a Las Vegas bet; it is something I will do. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
will just add, we will finish tonight, and it might help us move quicker, in addition to having voice votes on a lot of amendments, if we sit at our own desks and see if we can just get through this as rapidly as possible without denying anyone their rights. 
So I recommend we go ahead, what-
ever the next amendment is. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Flake amendment. 
Mr. FLAKE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 51, 
nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 120 Leg.] 
YEAS—51 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Daines Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 665) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 475 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Sanders Amendment No. 475. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. This amendment es-
tablishes a deficit-neutral fund to pre-vent the U.S. Postal Service from—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
Mr. SANDERS. This deficit-neutral 
reserve fund would prevent the Postal Service from shutting down 82 proc-essing plants in 37 States. It would re-store delivery standards which have been slowed down and protect rural postal services. 
The Postal Service is vital to the 
well-being of our Nation and economy. This is especially true in our rural areas. This is an issue that has had bi-partisan support for the last number of years. 
Senator C
OLLINS is a cosponsor of 
this amendment. She has been very ac-tive on this issue, and I would hope we could pass it with a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. I want to thank Senator 
C
OLLINS for all of her efforts in this 
area and Senator S ANDERS for making 
this a bipartisan amendment, and I would ask to accept this on a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Sanders amendment No. 475. 
The amendment (No. 475) was agreed 
to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2005 March 26, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1029 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Hatch amendment No. 1029. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1029 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is pending. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, no one 
believes in tax policy that has the ef-fect of shipping jobs overseas. 
My amendment, which is cosponsored 
by Senator W
YDEN —a true bipartisan 
amendment—goes right to the heart of what amendment No. 523 of my friend from Michigan and amendment No. 817 of my friend from Illinois claimed to be doing. 
Tax policy leaders of all ideological 
stripes agree on a key point. The U.S. corporate tax rate is the highest among our trading partners and is making American firms less competi-tive, thereby hurting American work-ers. 
My amendment would put in place a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund to bring the corporate rate down and to prevent the bleeding of U.S. jobs. Vote for it to preserve and grow U.S. jobs. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
purpose of this amendment, as I under-stand it, is to prevent American jobs from being moved overseas. I think if we are serious about this, we may want to change our disastrous trade policies, which have led to the shutdown of thousands of factories in this country and millions of decent-paying jobs. In my view, at a time when we have an $18 trillion national debt, the last thing we need to do is to cut corporate taxes on profitable corporations that in many cases pay little or nothing in Federal taxes. 
We have major corporation after 
major corporation making billions of dollars. They pay zero in Federal in-come taxes. I don’t quite know how you can lower their taxes below zero. We need real tax reform in this country that ends corporate loopholes that is costing us well over $100 billion a year. 
So I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I think 
the Senator, through the Chair, would yield to me for a moment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the distin-guished Senator from Oregon be given 30 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be 
very brief. I support this amendment. President Obama favors lowering this 
tax rate, and I believe the reason he does is because he thinks this will pro-vide another opportunity to reduce offshoring. I support the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Since this is bipartisan, I 
would hope we would take this by voice vote. And it is the chairman and rank-ing member of the committees who have to do the work. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment No. 1029. 
The amendment (No. 1029) was agreed 
to. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, yester-
day, I corrected the record on the mat-ter of tax expenditures. That state-ment focused on individual income tax expenditures. According to 2014 Con-gressional Budget Office data, the indi-vidual income tax accounts for 47.1 per-cent of federal revenue. By contrast, the corporate income tax accounts for 11.9 percent of federal revenue. Today I am going to discuss corporate tax ex-penditures. 
The Joint Committee on Taxation, 
Congress’s nonpartisan official tax scorekeeper, provides scoring and anal-ysis of corporate tax expenditures. What are corporate tax expenditures? In a general sense, they are departures from a regular income tax. A regular income tax records income and pro-vides deductions for expenses related to producing income to arrive at net in-come. Tax benefits in the form of ex-clusions, deductions, and credits not connected to the generation of business income are generally treated as cor-porate tax expenditures. As the tax- writing committee hearings have shown, our business tax system is over-loaded with subsidies and other com-plex special provisions. Those devi-ations from basic measures of net in-come can result in economic inefficien-cies, slow growth, and an economy that produces fewer jobs than it otherwise would. From a revenue-neutral stand-point, the flip side of that narrower, less-efficient tax base is a higher than optimal tax rate. It is a matter of broad-based consensus of senior tax policymakers from the left to the right that there is a ‘‘two-fer’’ in broadening the tax base and lowering the rate. This applies to both corporate busi-nesses and noncorporate businesses. 
To the extent Congress delays trans-
lating the bipartisan goal of a broader business base and lower rates into con-crete policy, the dangers of further in-version transactions and foreign take-overs looms on the economic horizon. My friends on the left side of the polit-ical spectrum should be the most con-cerned. Why? The reason is the local economies most vulnerable to inver-sions and foreign takeovers of U.S.- based businesses are in business sectors that dominate in the high cost-of-liv-ing, high-tax so-called ‘‘Blue States.’’ I am referring to the high-tech, pharma-ceutical, and other cutting-edge intel-lectual property producing business 
sectors. Those business sectors tend to be based in high-cost, high-tax blue States. My friends on the other side should be very sensitive to threats to their local economies. 
For that reason, I continue to be 
stunned to see many of most liberal friends on the other side take positions on this budget resolution that are at odds with the goal of tax reform. Cher-ry-picking corporate tax expenditures to use for new spending, if it were to become viable policy, would starve the resources for tax reform. If my friends 
on the other side were to prevail on this strategy, you could forget about the bipartisan goal of broadening the business tax base and lowering tax rates. Their policy positions, if en-acted, would leave tax policymakers with no resources to engage in reform. In fact, a broader U.S. tax base with rates that are already too high would make U.S.-based businesses less com-petitive. The tax baggage of being a U.S.-based business would grow, fur-ther tipping the balance toward foreign control by inversions and takeovers. 
The debate on corporate tax expendi-
tures isn’t about the merits of those policies. That debate on the merits of corporate tax expenditures could, should, and will be joined in legislating tax reform. That is a bipartisan goal for a bipartisan policy result that is necessary to build a stronger American economy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1063 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote on the Schatz amendment No. 1063. 
The Senator from Hawaii. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1063, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. SCHATZ. I ask unanimous con-
sent that my amendment No. 1063 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING EQUAL TREATMENT OF MARRIED COUPLES UNDER THE SOCIAL SECURITY PRO-GRAM AND BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring equal treatment of mar-ried couples, which may include ensuring that all legally married spouses have access to Social Security benefits after the death of their spouse and to benefits under laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. SCHATZ. All legally married, 
same-sex couples deserve equal treat-ment under the law, regardless of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2006 March 26, 2015 
where they live. But right now, eligi-
bility for spousal benefits provided under the Social Security Act and by the Department of Veterans Affairs is determined by a place-of-residence standard. That means that legally mar-ried same-sex couples who move to a State that doesn’t recognize same-sex marriage could be denied Social Secu-rity and veterans survivor benefits. 
Plain and simple, this is wrong, and 
this doesn’t reflect our American val-ues. This amendment will fix this and provide equal protection under the law and the Social Security and veterans benefits that gay Americans have 
earned. I would be happy to entertain a voice vote in support of this amend-ment if the majority is amenable. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, it has come 
to my attention that is not going to be possible on this amendment. 
Again, this is a statement that has to 
be handled by the committee of juris-diction and has no real effect. So I would ask that everybody vote ‘‘no’’ on this one. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Schatz amendment No. 1063, as modified. 
Mr. SCHATZ. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 57, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 121 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—43 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Cassidy Coats Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The amendment (No. 1063), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1038 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). There is 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Kirk amendment No. 
1038. 
Who yields time? The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the Senator from Illinois, we are offering an alternative to the Sand-ers amendment that failed earlier today. The Sanders amendment called for a substantial increase in the min-imum wage, an action that the Con-gressional Budget Office has told us could kill up to 1 million jobs. 
The Kirk amendment takes a dif-
ferent approach. It reaffirms the abil-ity of the individual States to raise the minimum wage above the Federal level, but only if they choose to do so at their own volition. 
It also calls for policies that will re-
sult in higher wages for all Americans, progrowth tax relief and the elimi-nation of burdensome mandates such as ObamaCare. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Kirk amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Frankly, I don’t quite 
understand this amendment. This is what it says: This amendment would ‘‘establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund’’ to reaffirm that States can raise minimum wage while providing tax re-lief and eliminating excessive govern-ment mandates. 
States do not need permission from 
the Federal Government to raise the minimum wage. In fact, 29 States have already raised the minimum wage. And in the last election, when that question was on the ballot in four States, all four of those States voted to raise the minimum wage. 
People all over this country want us 
to raise the Federal minimum wage, which is now a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour. 
So this amendment, quite frankly, 
does not make a whole lot of sense to me. I would hope it will be defeated. 
States are looking to the Federal 
Government to raise the minimum wage. We don’t have to tell them what to do. They are doing just fine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
amendment is a reaffirmation of the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitu-tion. 
I ask for the support of our col-
leagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 57, 
nays 43, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 122 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 1038) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
AMENDMENT NO . 944 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 944. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is pending. 
There is 2 minutes of debate on the 
amendment. 
The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is 
an amendment to call a point of order on any legislation that would attempt to muzzle Federal employees in using any scientific language that calls a change—scientific language that would 
apply to oceans, to weather, to the cli-mate, and to atmospheres. 
This is an attempt to make clear 
that we do not agree with muzzling or censoring Federal agencies or Federal employees when it comes to employing their scientific knowledge. 
I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this amend-
ment is not germane to the budget res-olution. It creates a point of order con-cerning subject matter that is not within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Budget, prohibiting Fed-eral employees or agencies from exer-cising their freedom of speech by pro-hibiting using terms from atmospheric scientific literature. 
While I know many of my colleagues 
have strong opinions on this topic, it is not appropriate for inclusion in a budg-et resolution. In fact, this amendment is corrosive. It damages the privilege of the budget. Therefore, when debate time expires I will raise a point of order that this amendment is not ger-mane to the budget resolution and I en-courage my colleagues to sustain it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2007 March 26, 2015 
I guess that probably concludes the 
debate. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida has 7 seconds re-maining. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is 
an issue of freedom of speech, First Amendment rights. This is in fact— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, amendment 
No. 944 is not germane to the budget resolution now before the Senate. Therefore, I raise a point of order against the amendment under section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I move 
to waive, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 51, 
nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 123 Leg.] 
YEAS—51 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 51, the nays are 49. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment fails. 
AMENDMENT NO . 360 
There is 2 minutes of debate prior to 
a vote on the McCain amendment No. 360. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, this 
amendment is simple. It says that chil-dren who show up at our border will not be allowed to stay. They will be re-turned to the country they came from. Right now they are being transported 
up by the lowest form of life that ever existed on the Earth. Young women are being raped, people are being killed, people are being molested, and the drug cartels are the ones that are bringing them up. This has got to stop. They can go to the consulate and the embas-sies in their countries—I am talking about the three Central American countries, Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua. But to have the drug car-tels and parents paying thousands of dollars to have them transported up, many of the young women being raped on the way, is unacceptable. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 360, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. President, I have a modification 
at the desk and ask unanimous consent that my amendment be modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is so modified. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DETERRING THE MIGRA-TION OF UNACCOMPANIED CHIL-DREN FROM EL SALVADOR, GUATE-MALA, AND HONDURAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to deterring the attempted migra-tion of unaccompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras in the United States, which may include the expe-dited removal of unlawful entrants from non-contiguous countries, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I did 
raise an objection to the change, al-though I appreciate the fact that the Senator made that change. 
I rise to oppose amendment No. 360 
which would roll back critical antitrafficking and humanitarian pro-tections for children from Central America. Last summer I led a congres-sional delegation to the Rio Grande Valley border to view the humani-tarian crisis of unaccompanied chil-dren from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador. Clearly, concrete cells at Border Patrol stations are no place for children, which is where they likely would be under the expedited deporta-tion proceedings allowed under this amendment. These young children are fleeing danger and violence in their own home countries. It is also no an-swer to require these children to seek asylum in their home countries while being exposed to the very violence they are trying to escape in the first place. 
This is the portion of the amendment 
the Senator has eliminated. It still doesn’t leave out the part about expe-
dited deportation. So let’s keep the current law in place that— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. HIRONO. We voted for this law 
unanimously, signed by President Bush. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 58, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 124 Leg.] 
YEAS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 360), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 968 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Wyden amendment No. 968. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 968, and I urge Sen-ators to support this amendment be-cause it will cut taxes on the middle class and give millions of Americans a new ladder of economic opportunity. This amendment rewards hard work, makes college more affordable, and helps parents who have a tough time making ends meet. Let’s create a new path upward for the middle class and those who want to be middle class. Support this amendment. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2008 March 26, 2015 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, once again 
I have to ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ This is a tax reform idea that has some merit, but it has to be dealt with in the context of comprehensive tax re-form rather than a stand-alone pro-posal. I know that he and his Finance Committee chairman, Senator H
ATCH , 
are working on changing the Tax Code to eliminate some of the overcom-plicated, inefficient, and archaic lan-guage, so we should address it in the committee of jurisdiction, not in the budget. 
Even though the amendment is def-
icit neutral, it is, again, telling a com-mittee what to do and how to do it, and it is even by the person who has the ca-pability to do that. So I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Wyden amendment No. 968. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 73, 
nays 27, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 125 Leg.] 
YEAS—73 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Collins Coons Corker Crapo Cruz Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed 
Reid Risch Roberts Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—27 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Burr Cassidy Cochran Cornyn Cotton Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Hatch Heller Inhofe 
Isakson Kirk Lankford McConnell Paul 
Perdue Rounds 
Tillis Vitter 
Wicker 
The amendment (No. 968) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 750, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Lee amendment No. 750, as modified. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the Federal 
Government owns almost two-thirds of the land in Utah and almost half of the land in the 11 coterminous States in the Western United States. But unlike other property owners, the Federal Government does not pay property tax. As a result, areas with high concentra-tions of Federal land, such as most of Utah and most of the Western United States, face budget shortfalls that af-fect the ability of those States to fund critical education, transportation in-frastructure, and emergency services. 
To help compensate local govern-
ments for this loss of property tax rev-enue, the Federal Government created the PILT Program—PILT stands for Payment in Lieu of Taxes Program—to provide some funding for these revenue shortfalls. 
Historically, PILT payments tend to 
represent just a tiny fraction, just pen-nies on the dollar for what these juris-dictions could otherwise collect in property tax revenue. 
Now to correct the damage caused by 
this unfair system—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. LEE. I ask my colleagues to vote 
for this amendment which would allow us to bring PILT into conformity with what these jurisdictions would other-wise receive from taxation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. While there are many of us who support full funding for PILT, this amendment is impractical. In fact, the Congressional Research Service re-ports indicate that attempts to set up tax equivalency for PILT would be wrought with errors and gamesman-ship. That is because counties rou-tinely tax different land uses at dif-ferent rates. 
Second, my colleagues should note 
that this may increase PILT payments more than 350 percent of today’s au-thorized level, and that would raise the cost of this program from $4 to $5 bil-
lion, to $15 to $20 billion. 
Because the amendment creates a 
spending-neutral reserve fund, only cuts to other mandatory spending pro-grams could be used to fund the 350 percent rise in payments. 
So, Mr. President, I cannot support 
this amendment. It is unsustainable and unworkable, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) is necessarily absent. 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 126 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Feinstein 
The amendment (No. 750), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
N O T I C E 
Incomplete record of Senate proceedings. Today’s Senate proceedings will be continued in Book II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:11 Apr 08, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8633 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S26MR5.REC S26MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E425 March 26, 2015 
CONGRATULATING WESTON 
BASLER ON HIS STATE WRES-TLING CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Weston Basler, of the Seckman High School Jaguars Wrestling team, on his win in the 132 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Championship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Wes-
ton Basler for a job well done! 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. KENNETH R. 
MOWRY FOR HIS INDUCTION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA HOLSTEIN HALL OF FAME 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Kenneth R. Mowry, a native of Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania for his recent in-duction into the Pennsylvania Holstein Hall of Fame. This honor culminates a career span-ning over 65 years of breeding and developing some of the most productive dairy cows in the nation. 
This long and successful journey in the agri-
culture industry began for Mr. Mowry when he joined his father at Mowry Farms, a 1,100 acre 350-cow dairy farm in Roaring Spring. In the years that followed, the farm’s cattle set 52 state records and another 26 national records in dairy production. Not slowing down with achievements, Mr. Mowry also had 12 of his cows featured on the front cover of ‘‘Hol-stein World,’’ a publication dedicated to Hol-stein breeders. 
In addition to his Holstein-related contribu-
tions, Mr. Mowry should also be recognized for his dedication and service to the local com-munity. Mr. Mowry, a member of Martinsburg Grace Brethren Church, served nearly 40 years on the Morrison’s Cove Memorial Park Board of Directors, was a member of the Cove Lion’s Club for 25 years, and sat on the North-ern Bedford School Board for 12 years. 
Mr. Mowry’s induction in the Pennsylvania 
Holstein Hall of Fame recognizes his out-standing career and brings great distinction upon himself, the community, and the 9th Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. I invite my colleagues to join me in offering congratulations for his many achievements and more than 50 years of selfless community service. RECOGNIZING VIOLET SCHLITZ 
FOR HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mrs. Violet E. Schlitz on her 100th birthday, which she will celebrate on April 13th, 2015. I am proud to honor her today as an exemplary member of our com-munity. 
Since the age of 13, Mrs. Schlitz has called 
the United States her home. A native Cana-dian, she became a citizen in 1950 and in the 1970s moved to Western North Carolina and settled in Hayesville. It is there where she and her husband Lee raised their three sons and have been blessed with eight grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren. 
A community leader, Mrs. Schlitz was active 
in her sons’ scouting, regularly volunteered at Chattooga Regional Hospital, and served at Sharp United Methodist Church, where she has been a faithful member. Mrs. Schlitz has selflessly served those around her, and over the years has knit more than 2,000 sweaters for needy children. Her activities reflect Mrs. Schlitz’s character and the incredible size of her heart. 
On behalf of the entire 11th District of North 
Carolina, I congratulate Mrs. Violet E. Schlitz on her milestone 100th birthday and thank her for her service to our local community of Western North Carolina. 
f 
HONORING DR. AILEEN MARTY 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, in recogni-
tion of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Dr. Aileen Marty, an outstanding indi-vidual in the South Florida community. 
Dr. Marty is currently professor of Infectious 
Diseases in the Department of Medicine at Florida International University’s Herbert Wertheim College of Medicine. She served ad-mirably in the United States Navy for 25 years, specializing in tropical medicine, infec-tious diseases pathology, and disaster medi-cine. She has also served as a professor at Uniformed Services University, Johns Hopkins University, the National Defense University, and the University of Valencia, Spain. 
Dr. Marty’s previous experience also in-
cludes coordinating work between the Depart-ment of Defense, Health and Human Services, and Homeland Security. She developed inter-agency training programs involving the Depart-ment of Agriculture and Homeland Security. Dr. Marty has worked with the White House, Congressional Conferences, has served on Blue Ribbon Committees, and has been a del-egate to the World Health Association. She 
has worked on numerous research teams, has responded to various global emergencies, and provided consultation on a wide range of health issues. Most recently she has worked tirelessly in the fight against Ebola. Her quar-ter century experience in the practice, training, and research of tropical medicine, infectious disease, and pathology has led to her having published over 90 books and peer-reviewed journal articles. 
Beyond her work in infectious diseases, she 
is an expert on chemical, biological radiation, and high-energy weapons. She is one of only 403 people listed in the international roster as a member of the United Nations Monitoring and Verification Team for Weapons of Mass Destruction. In 2001, the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery (BUMED) designated her ‘‘Sub-ject Matter Expert on Weapons of Mass De-struction’’ and used her experience and exper-tise to help develop plans and programs, and to coordinate with NATO allies. She has a rep-utation for in-depth knowledge and hands-on experience in all aspects of biological agent research, clinical medicine, travel, and tropical medicine, and has earned a worldwide reputa-tion for providing and producing excellent sci-entific data and innovative research. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to 
Dr. Aileen Marty for her continued service to South Florida, and the world at-large, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable individual. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 36TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RE-LATIONS ACT 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 36th anniversary of the Tai-wan Relations Act, known as the TRA, and to express the gratitude of the American people for the contributions of the Republic of China (ROC) in World War II. 
The Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) was signed 
into law on April 10, 1979. For 36 years, it has served as the backbone of the extraordinary friendship between the ROC and the United States of America. The TRA was Congress’ way of codifying a pledge from the American people to the people of Taiwan that ‘‘we will stand with you, always.’’ 
The TRA has provided stability to Taiwan, 
permitting it to thrive and become the eco-nomic powerhouse it is today, and to deepen its transition to democracy. 
Furthermore, as we near the 70th anniver-
sary of the end of World War II it is just and appropriate that we should remember the great contributions of the ROC to the allied victory. In closing, I would like to point out one of the many heroic contributions of the ROC to the allied victory in World War II: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR8.001 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E426 March 26, 2015 
In April 1942, General Sun Li-jen led a mis-
sion to successfully rescue 7000 British sol-diers and many other civilians, including Amer-icans, who were encircled by the Japanese Army, in the Burma campaign at Yenangyaung. 
We should never forget the contributions of 
the Republic of China to the allied victory in World War II. 
Likewise, we should never forget the impor-
tance of the Taiwan Relations Act for the peace and stability, not only of Taiwan, but also for the entire East Asia region. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOCAL BROAD-
CASTERS IN THE 24TH DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to dis-
cuss local broadcasting, and specifically how local broadcasting creates a sense of unity and involvement within local communities. The local broadcasters of Central New York have played a unique role in bringing my community closer together. 
As an example, Galaxy Communications, 
one of our local broadcasters, operates three radio stations in the 24th District and has been working closely with the Humane Society of Central New York. Galaxy Communications has been committed to promoting Humane Society events throughout the year. The Lights on the Lake Dog Walk, annual Woof Stock, Canine Carnival, and 7th Annual Drop-A-Thon events are just a few instances where our local broadcasters have partnered with the local community to raise money and aware-ness for the greater good of Central New York. 
In addition to partnering with local charities, 
local broadcasting works to strengthen the community by recognizing the hard work, gen-erosity, and achievements of individuals, fami-lies, and professionals throughout the 24th District. Whether it’s commending the out-standing contributions that our teachers make in the daily lives of our children, highlighting the growth of small businesses, or hosting radio-a-thons and telethons that raise money for community events, local broadcasters give important recognition and support to Central New York and communities across the nation. 
I greatly appreciate our local broadcasters’ 
dedication to delivering emergency information when my community needs it and the further efforts of local broadcasters to unify, improve, and support the 24th District through their work on the air. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. JACK 
HILER ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor Jack Hiler, who will retire as the President and CEO of Stripco. During his more than 30 years of service, Mr. Hiler grew Stripco from a small steel company to a bus-
tling family business. 
Born in 1947, Mr. Hiler graduated from 
Penn High School and married Kathy, his high school sweetheart. In 1984, Mr. Hiler, along with his brother Ed, and his business partner Jerry Munger, purchased a portion of Sharp Steel and founded Stripco. Thanks to the suc-cess of the new company, two years later Stripco expanded and moved to a new 26 acre property in Osceola, Indiana. 
For the past 43 years, Mr. Hiler and his wife 
have lived in Osceola, raising three sons and enjoying their ten grandchildren and recently built a home in Jimtown where they plan to live out their retirement. Family has been such an integral part of Mr. Hiler’s life that his sons have followed into the family business of work-ing at Stripco. 
Through all of this, Mr. Hiler has led the 
business to major growth and expansion to the benefit of the local community and his family. Today, Stripco employs over 140 em-ployees and provides a wide variety of value- added steel processes and produces and ships more than 100,000 tons of products. 
Mr. Hiler has also been a dedicated public 
servant to his community, giving generously to Grace Baptist Church in Osceola to support missions and faith-based organizations that provide medical care, clean water to people across the world. He is a longtime supporter of local 4–H programs and is known for his willingness to help his employees and support causes important to them. 
Mr. Hiler’s work both in founding Stripco and 
as a community servant exemplify his dedica-tion to Indiana. It is an honor to recognize Mr. Hiler on the occasion of his retirement from over three decades of contributions. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to ask my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Jack Hiler upon his retirement from Stripco. He has brought joy to countless individuals through his support and leadership and I sincerely thank him for his service, and wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAPE 
COD CHILDREN’S MUSEUM 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Cape Cod Children’s Museum on its twenty-fifth anniversary. 
For the past two and a half decades, the 
Cape Cod Children’s Museum has been pro-viding children from Cape Cod and the South Cape’s younger visitors with entertaining memories that will last a lifetime. Founded in 1990 by a group of three women from Fal-mouth, the Cape Cod Children’s Museum has since been a staple of the community. Guests of the museum immediately notice the high, vaulted ceilings that have a distinct Cape Cod charm. Under that same roof, children are greeted by wall-to-wall educational and enter-taining displays. Be it the pirate ship in the main hall, with exhibits of nautical flags and terminology, or the planetarium, exposing the youth of Cape Cod to the wonders of the stars, the children’s museum is an invaluable component of the community. Since the museum moved into its present 
location fifteen years ago, parents have ea-gerly brought their children, confident that they will enjoy everything the facilities have to offer. The museum has always been a must-see for any family. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the 
Cape Cod Children’s Museum on its twenty- fifth anniversary. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Museum for its many years of success, and in applauding their ef-forts educating and entertaining Cape Cod’s children. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE SAINT 
FRANCIS BORGIA STARRY KNIGHTS DANCE TEAM 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Saint Francis Borgia Starry Knights Dance Team, on their Class 2 State Championship win at the Missouri Dance Team Association competition. 
These students and their coach should be 
commended for all of their hard work through-out this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and com-munity. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing the 
Saint Francis Borgia Starry Knights Dance Team for a job well done! 
f 
HONORING MS. PATRICIA HUFF 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, in recogni-
tion of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Ms. Patricia Huff, an outstanding indi-vidual in Southwest Florida. 
Originally from Nashville, Tennessee, Ms. 
Huff moved to the Florida Keys in 1984. She soon became involved in several community organizations, including the Friends of the Mu-seum of the Everglades, serving as its Presi-dent in 2003, 2004, and 2007 to 2010. She has published the Friends’ Newsletter since 2001 and continues to serve on the Board of Directors as Vice-President. She also con-ducts the historic walking tours around Ever-glades City. 
Ms. Huff co-founded the Everglades Society 
for Historic Preservation in 2005, serving as President from 2005 to 2008, and continues as a member of the Board of Directors today. She has been a member of the Collier County Historic and Archaeological Preservation Board since 2005, and in 2009 served as Chairperson. In addition to these organiza-tions, Ms. Huff has served as President of the Friends of Fakahatchee Strand in 2003–2004, a member of the Everglades Area Chamber of Commerce Board from 2004–2007, and cur-rently serves on the Everglades Association. She is also co-Director (and co-founder) of the River of Grass Greenway (ROGG) Executive Committee of the Naples Pathways Coalition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR8.008 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E427 March 26, 2015 
ROGG has received a federal grant to fund a 
Master Plan and Feasibility Study for the pro-posed pathway from Naples to Miami. Ms. Huff is currently serving on the Project Team and Steering Committees for the study. 
I am privileged to know Ms. Huff, and ad-
mire her commitment to the community. In her spare time, Ms. Huff is an avid bike rider. Along with her husband Steve, they have bicy-cled throughout the United States and Europe every year, covering over 25,000 miles since the year 2000. She is also publisher of the ‘‘The Mullet Rapper’’, a bi-weekly newsletter for the Everglades community and the primary source of information for city events. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to 
Ms. Patricia Huff for her continued service to Southwest Florida, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable indi-vidual. 
f 
IN HONOR OF OFFICER ALEX 
YAZZIE 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, I offer my heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Officer Alex Yazzie as they mourn a husband, father, and com-panion gone too soon. They are joined by the grateful hearts of the community of Shiprock, the Navajo Nation, and the state of New Mex-ico, as we all honor a tremendous public serv-ant who gave his life in the line of duty. 
Alex had dedicated his life to serving his 
country and his community so that we could rest easy. From basic training at Camp Pen-dleton with the Marine Corps, to 14 years with the Navajo Division of Public Safety, Alex had time and time again rushed into harm’s way so that we could be safer. Last Thursday was no different; Officer Alex Yazzie responded because a family was in danger, because his fellow officers were in danger, because his community needed him. 
When Alex didn’t come back that day he left 
behind a legacy of kindness and service. We are wounded by his loss, but comforted by the memories of all that he gave us and the ex-ample that he set for all those in his commu-nity. 
My prayers are with those that Alex has left 
behind, and I hope that they find peace in this most difficult time. 
f 
HOUSE BUDGET PROPOSALS 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, we are con-
fronted by a set of facts that represent both tremendous opportunity and tremendous con-cern for our country. First, we are competing in a knowledge-based and technology-driven global economy. Second, our long-term fiscal trajectory is not sound. Third, our nation’s in-frastructure is increasingly inadequate and is dragging down economic growth. Fourth, mil-lions of working Americans are still struggling to live the American Dream. Unfortunately, none of the budgets brought 
to a vote on the House floor this week offer an adequate and appropriate response to these problems and priorities. I am strongly opposed to the Republican budget offered by Chairman P
RICE. It fails to prepare our country for the fu-
ture, hurts the most vulnerable Americans and reflects the wrong priorities, making it harder for many to pursue an education, buy a home or retire with dignity. It hurts seniors, parents and children. On balance, the Democratic al-ternative budget is a better reflection of our nation’s values. 
However, turning the budget into a political 
football is also not the answer. I believe that the only way we can truly address the chal-lenges facing our country, help our workers and businesses compete and restore our fiscal health is to focus on the best ideas. I’m tired of Congress not being able to work together productively to do the people’s work. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY 
JANE M CSORLEY GARAMENDI 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my 
colleagues in the California Democratic Con-gressional Delegation, Congressman P
ETE 
AGUILAR , Congresswoman K AREN BASS, Con-
gressman X AVIER BECERRA , Congressman A MI 
BERA, Congresswoman J ULIA BROWNLEY , Con-
gresswoman L OISCAPPS , Congressman T ONY 
CA´RDENAS , Congresswoman J UDY CHU, Con-
gressman J IMCOSTA , Congresswoman S USAN  
DAVIS, Congressman M ARKDESAULNIER , Con-
gresswoman A NNA ESHOO , Congressman S AM 
FARR, Congressman J OHN GARAMENDI , Con-
gresswoman J ANICE HAHN, Congressman M IKE 
HONDA , Congressman J ARED HUFFMAN , Con-
gresswoman B ARBARA LEE, Congressman T ED 
LIEU, Congressman A LAN LOWENTHAL , Con-
gresswoman D ORIS MATSUI , Congressman 
JERRY MCNERNEY , Congresswoman G RACE  
NAPOLITANO , Congresswoman N ANCY PELOSI , 
Congressman S COTT PETERS , Congress-
woman L UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , Congress-
man R AUL RUIZ, Congresswoman L INDA 
SA´NCHEZ , Congresswoman L ORETTA SANCHEZ , 
Congressman A DAM SCHIFF , Congressman 
BRAD SHERMAN , Congresswoman J ACKIE  
SPEIER , Congressman E RICSWALWELL , Con-
gressman M ARK TAKANO , Congressman M IKE 
THOMPSON , Congresswoman N ORMA TORRES , 
Congressman J UAN VARGAS , and Congress-
woman M AXINE WATERS , to honor and remem-
ber the life of Mary Jane McSorley Garamendi. Mary Jane passed on March 19, 2015, amongst the prayers and support of her loving family and friends. The matriarch of the Garamendi family and a lifelong resident of Calaveras County, California, Mary Jane had a strength of spirit and benevolence of char-acter that built a vigorous family, vibrant com-munity, and lasting legacy. 
Mary Jane was born on March 21, 1921, the 
granddaughter of pioneering Irish-Italian immi-grants. When she was only three years old, she and her sister, Anne, lost their mother and a newborn brother, but their devoted father succeeded in raising them to be strong and independent young ladies on the family cattle ranch in Chili Gulch. Mary Jane attended and graduated from Mokelumne Hill Elementary 
School and then from Calaveras High School in 1938. In 1942, she graduated from the Uni-versity of Nevada Reno with a teaching cre-dential for elementary and high school. 
At college, Mary Jane met Raymond V. 
Garamendi, a fellow student and the love of her life. Following their graduations, they spent the years of World War II stationed at posts in California, Florida, and Georgia, and then re-turned to Chili Gulch to build their family home on the cattle ranch and begin their life raising seven children. They grew up part of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ and were determined to teach their children the tradition of agriculture, the power of education, and the importance of good governance. 
Mary Jane’s narrative is one of family, serv-
ice, and community betterment. Always deeply engaged in civic affairs, she participated in the Mokelumne Hill Elementary School Parents Club, Mokelumne Hill Community Club, St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Church Altar Soci-ety, Calaveras County Historical Society, Calaveras County Democratic Club and Cen-tral Committee, Calaveras County American Association of University Women, Mokelumne Hill Community Historical Trust, and the Mokelumne Hill History Society. She volun-teered as a Cub Scout leader and Catechism teacher, served as a foreman on the Calaveras Grand Jury, and became a Board Member for the Mark Twain St. Joseph Foun-dation. She was a devout Catholic and lifelong parishioner of the St. Thomas Aquinas Church in Mokelumne Hill, which afforded other oppor-tunities to engage and enrich the community. Whether she was serving at the Calaveras Women’s Shelter, the Mokelumne Hill History Center, or the Calaveras County Museum, she readily and enthusiastically donated her time, heart, and energy to the people and places around her. 
A civic leader, Mary Jane was honored by 
the Phi Beta Phi Fraternity in recognition of 75 years of membership, earning the honor of in-duction into the Diamond Arrow Society. In 2009, she was named the State of California ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ by her son, J
OHN 
GARAMENDI , who was California Lieutenant 
Governor at the time. Her contributions to edu-cation, agriculture, and government also helped earn an honor for the Garamendi fam-ily by the Calaveras County Fair & Jumping Frog Jubilee. 
For Mary Jane, life itself was an act of joy 
and remembering. This shone through her commitment to the preservation of her rich Irish-Italian heritage and her careful studying of the Pitto and McSorley family histories. When Ray passed away in 1991, Mary Jane oversaw the family ranch alongside her son, Robert, allowing the working traditions to con-tinue uninterrupted. The Ranch, which re-ceived a California Agriculture Heritage Award in 2005, is now in its 152nd year of operation, spanning six generations and lending a sense of tradition and timelessness to the family’s weddings, reunions, and Christmas parties. 
Mary Jane was a friend, a global adven-
turer, and the best sports enthusiast her chil-dren and grandchildren could ever hope for. Mary Jane’s love and legacy continue on in the spirit, vigor, and joy of her 21 grand-children and 35 great-grandchildren. She will be remembered for her unconditional love, her interminable commitment to service, and the popsicles she kept stocked in the freezer for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR8.006 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E428 March 26, 2015 
the children to enjoy after summer swims. Re-
flecting back on her proud gold country herit-age, her many years of good health, her large and ever-growing family, she would often say, ‘‘I am a very lucky lady.’’ We were lucky to have known her, and are filled with gratitude for the opportunity to honor such a full and profound life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WOMEN LEAD-
ERS OF GUN VIOLENCE PREVEN-TION 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I would like to take a moment to honor a few women from New York who were trail-blazers of the gun violence prevention move-ment. 
Barbara Hohlt, Tina Johnstone, Ellen 
Freudenheim, and Robyn Ringler are founders of and volunteers with New Yorkers Against Gun Violence who worked tirelessly to pass the original Brady Bill in 1993, which strength-ened federal background checks on firearms purchasers. These women, along with my con-stituent Donna Dees-Thomases, and countless others went on to organize the historic ‘‘Million Mom March’’ which will celebrate its 15 year milestone this year on Mother’s Day. 
These volunteers and activists are the back-
bone of the movement for sensible gun laws and safer communities. With the leadership of these courageous women and others like them, New York has taken important steps to improve our gun safety laws, including requir-ing background checks on all gun sales. It is critical that Congress follow through on sen-sible reforms to close existing loopholes, pre-vent accidental handgun deaths, and provide law enforcement with the necessary resources to keep dangerous firearms out of the wrong hands. 
In keeping with the theme of this Women’s 
History Month: ‘‘Weaving the Stories of Wom-en’s Lives,’’ I would like to enter into the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD the testimony of one 
mother in particular, Karin Wilson. She was a talented Brooklyn artist who in 2005 delivered these words before the United Nations. If you take the time to read her words, you’ll under-stand the toll of gun violence on our society and the need for bold action in Congress. 
NOCHILD’SLIFESHOULD ENDWITH A BANG 
KARIN WILSON , MILLION MOM MARCH , BROOKLYN  
ADDRESS TO THE UNITED NATIONS JULY 2005  
I lost my beloved son, my only child Chris-
tian on December 3, 1999. Just 28 days after he turned 19, he was a man-child, not quite an adult but past adolescence. The millen-nium came in a way I could have never imag-ined. The pain is indescribable; the mag-nitude of my loss makes me inconsolable. I’ve been wronged and robbed! I’m from the United States, I live in the state of New York, born and raised in the Borough of Brooklyn, which is just across the river from here. The U.S. is one of the most powerful and technologically advanced countries on this planet. We haven’t fought a war in this country since the American Civil War, a war that was fought from 1861–1865. 
Yet in my neighborhood and in many oth-
ers in this country we hear gun shots at night. Parents start doing silent headcounts 
of their children after hearing the sounds of gun shots. We have neighbors, friends and family members who were killed or maimed with a firearm. Because of my son’s death I became part of the largest grassroots anti- gun violence movement in the United States. 
Let me tell you how my life has changed. 
I won’t have the comfort of my son looking after me in my old age. I won’t have my son around making sure I’m eating well, taking my medications properly, taking care of my bills, making sure that my house is warm in winter, and sidewalks shovelled and de-iced when it snows. I don’t have any more gradua-tions to attend, or opportunities to applaud successful career achievements. I no longer hear funny stories or jokes (and I was told my son was one of the funniest guys around, he kept people laughing and feeling good.) But worst of all I can’t look or touch him anymore. 
When you people leave here, and fly back 
home to your country, you probably have wives and husbands, children and grand-children. You know it’s through our children we get a little bit of immortality. You know your face, your body type, your values are going to be around long after you’re gone . . . because of your children. Children are our legacy. 
Well I was robbed. And it looks like I won’t 
have a legacy now. My face, my body type, my values will probably disappear when I die. It doesn’t look like any part of me will appear in the future. In the next century it will be as if I never, ever existed. And, that’s pretty sad. 
I’ve learned that there is nothing definite, 
overt action to overcome the inertia of grief. Most of us have someone who needs us. If we haven’t, we can find someone! So instead of praying for the strength to survive, I prayed for the strength to give away. 
I joined the MILLION MOM MARCH. I 
went from being a victim of gun violence to a survivor of gun violence. And, now I’m an advocate for survivors. I’m thoroughly com-mitted to saving other children. Though I couldn’t save my own child’s life, I’m going to do all I can to save yours. 
I know it is possible to reduce the number 
of deaths and injuries caused by gun vio-lence. Our children have the right to grow up in environments free from the threat of gun violence. My son certainly had that right which he didn’t get. 
Our children want to grow old. All humans 
have the right to be safe from gun violence in their homes, neighborhoods, schools and places of work and worship. 
Gun violence is a public health crisis of 
global proportions that harms not only the physical, but the spiritual, social and eco-nomic health of our families and commu-nities. 
The Million Mom March has a slogan, 
which I subscribe to 100 percent: ‘‘No child’s life should end with a bang’’. 
I am trying to understand why my child 
had to die by gunshot, but I don’t under-stand. I know that you people listening to me have very powerful positions in your gov-ernments, and you’ll probably never cross paths with women like me again. So I im-plore to listen compassionately to what we have said today. 
If I had one wish, it would be that all gov-
ernments would monitor the manufacture and distribution of firearms and bullets with the same degree of care that they use to monitor the removal of nuclear waste from reactors. 
We have an opportunity to change laws 
and create real accountability on these items. We have to stand up now and be counted on to do the right thing! RECOGNIZING THE KHOJALY 
MASSACRE 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to all of the victims of the Khojaly Massacre which occurred on February 26, 1992 in the small Azerbaijani town of Khojaly. The Khojaly Massacre claimed six hundred and thirteen innocent civilians and re-mains one of the most devastating acts of vio-lence in South Caucasus history. To date the fate of one hundred and fifty Khojaly civilians remain unknown. 
Due to the rising tensions between Armenia 
and Azerbaijan there are countless casualties and innocent lives taken daily. More so than ever the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict calls for fair, political, and comprehensive settlement in order to encourage multi-national stability and economic prosperity. As co-chair of the Minsk Group, the United States remains devoted to 
working with both sides to achieve these goals. As we honor the victims of the Khojaly Massacre we must stay committed to working together to protect the human rights of all. 
f 
STOP TARGETING FEDERAL 
EMPLOYEES 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I voted on 
Wednesday, March 25, in favor of H. Con. Res. 27, authored by Budget Committee Chairman T
OMPRICE, because it is my belief 
that Congress has a responsibility to address our nation’s fiscal crisis. 
This proposal is simply a visionary docu-
ment and a way forward in the budgetary process so we can continue the debate about the financial challenges our country faces and return to funding the government through reg-ular order. 
Like last year’s proposal, the budget plan for 
FY 2016 calls for significant reductions in dis-cretionary spending, reduced taxes and the full repeal of the President’s costly health care reform law. It proposes a balanced budget in less than 10 years and recognizes that we can no longer ignore the trillions of dollars in man-datory spending on entitlement programs that almost completely consume our nation’s budg-et. 
This year’s plan also asks Members of Con-
gress to again lead by example by cutting their own pay, benefits and office budgets in the quest to reduce our debt and put this na-tion on sound financial footing. 
Further, the proposal protects our nation’s 
defense and security forces. I have repeatedly said that we must get serious about the na-tional security threats that exist in this world and what is required of our forward presence and response forces. 
This budget gives the United States the 
flexibility and capabilities that are essential to the rebalance of our security posture toward the Asia Pacific, our enduring security commit-ments in the Middle East, and the need to re-spond to contingency operations around the globe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MR8.014 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E429 March 26, 2015 
Our nation has no greater asset than the 
folks who have served and are currently serv-ing our nation, both military and civilian alike. Their dedication and service to our nation is unwavering and it is important that Congress provide the best equipment, training, and com-pensation so these men and women can meet their duties in full. The House budget plan re-stores national security spending and helps our defense maintain its current strength. 
These are all measures that I have and will 
continue to support; however, it is dis-appointing that this proposal, just as in past budget proposals, unfairly targets only one group of Americans for additional sacrifices: the civilian federal workforce. 
I have serious concerns that this resolution 
again forces federal employees to contribute more towards their retirement, approximately six percent, which is the equivalent of a pay cut, and eliminates their defined benefit retire-ment plan for deficit reduction purposes. It also goes farther than previous budget plans by proposing to decrease the rate of return on the Thrift Savings Plan’s Government Securi-ties Fund (G Fund). 
America’s First District is full of hardworking 
and dedicated citizens who serve the people of this nation every day, such as on the front lines of the War on Terror or in support roles for our military. Still others provide invaluable services at places such as VA hospitals, can-cer and Alzheimer’s research laboratories, and law enforcement agencies such as the FBI and DEA. And yet, federal civilian employees continue to see their pay cut and their benefits reduced on nearly every occasion. 
Federal employees have already endured a 
three-year pay freeze; furloughs due to se-questration; and were required to not work be-cause of indecision and political gamesman-ship that resulted in a government shutdown on October 1, 2013 lasting 16 days. In addi-tion, employees hired since 2012 have seen required contribution increases to their retire-ment, bringing our federal workers’ total sac-rifice to date to $159 billion over ten years. 
It is because of these sacrifices that I sup-
ported legislation to allow furloughed workers to receive back pay for time out of work during the 2013 shutdown. In addition, I introduced the Federal Employee Combat Zone Tax Par-ity Act, which would extend the tax credit available to military personnel who serve in combat zones to the civilian federal employ-ees that work alongside them. 
Congress charges federal employees with 
important duties and expects these duties to be performed with the highest caliber of exper-tise, but rather than being recognized for their service, these public servants see their salary and benefits continually used as a pawn in the game of politics. We continue to ask our fed-eral civilian workforce to do more with less. 
According to data collected by the Office of 
Personnel Management’s Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, there has been a decline in federal employee job and workplace satisfac-tion for the fourth consecutive year. A score sheet compiled by the Partnership for Public Service shows that government-wide, federal employee job satisfaction and commitment fell 0.9 points in 2014 to a score of 56.9 out of 100. Morale among our nation’s civilian federal workforce is at a historical low and these con-tinued attacks keep the highly-skilled and ex-perienced people we need from seeking a fed-eral job. Enough is enough. 
I am fully ready and willing to enact deeper 
cuts to my own salary, benefits and congres-sional operations, which are provisions in-cluded in this year’s budget, but we must stop singling out federal employees simply because Congress continually fails to address the out- of-control spending. 
There is no question that our nation must 
get its spending in order, and federal employ-ees have been and are certainly willing to con-tinue to do their part to help in this effort. 
Their daily contributions to their fellow citi-
zens and to the cause of freedom are simply innumerable, and yet during deficit reduction debate over the last several years, federal em-ployees have been asked to contribute much more than their fair share. Our federal civilian employees live a life of selfless service and they deserve our appreciation. 
Mr. Speaker, I voted in support of H. Con. 
Res. 27 because it is Congress’ constitutional duty to budget and appropriate. Congress must get back to regular order. Congress does our federal employees no favors when gov-erning by continuing resolution and through crisis management. We must bring more cer-tainty to the annual federal appropriations process. 
This budget proposal is a means for Con-
gress to further discuss our country’s fiscal challenges, but I will continue to push for def-icit reduction efforts in the future that focus more realistically on addressing the true driv-ers of our debt, rather than targeting those who serve their nation every day. 
f 
HONORING MS. JOSIE BACALLAO 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, in recogni-
tion of Women’s History month I rise today to honor Ms. Josie Bacallao, an outstanding indi-vidual in the South Florida community. 
Ms. Bacallao is currently President and 
CEO of Hispanic Unity of Florida (HUF). Founded more than 30 years ago by commu-nity leaders, HUF was formed to ease the ac-culturation transition for immigrants from other nations. Today, this nonprofit organization pro-vides assistance, through 19 programs, to Broward’s diverse community. HUF remains the county’s largest agency dedicated to the immigrant population, providing them with the tools they need to build a new life. Having been born in Cuba, raised in South Florida, and educated at Florida International Univer-sity, no one is better suited to lead this organi-zation. 
Prior to her work at HUF, Ms. Bacallao was 
Vice President/Marketing Director for the Sun- Sentinel Company and worked for The Miami Herald/el Nuevo Herald as their VP/Marketing for more than 20 years. Beyond her profes-sional background and work, she also sits on the board of CareerSource Broward, Greater Ft Lauderdale Alliance, and the Advisory Board of Florida Blue. She is a member of the Ft Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce, the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, and the Broward Chamber of Nonprofit Organizations. 
Throughout her career Ms. Bacallao has 
been recognized for her achievements. She was honored with the Silver Medallion from 
National Conference for Community and Jus-tice; was named to the Broward County Wom-en’s Hall of Fame; and received United Way of Broward County’s Human Services Profes-sional Award. Legal Aid and Service of Broward County bestowed the Russell E. Car-lisle Advocacy Award on Ms. Bacallao for her work in creating pro bono immigration clinics. She also received one of the most meaningful awards of her career, The Jim Moran Founda-tion Award, for her work leading a nonprofit or-ganization. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to 
Ms. Josie Bacallao for her continued service to South Florida, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable indi-vidual. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 though 2025: 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I would like to sub-
mit a letter that was signed by over 4,800 faith leaders supporting the Congressional Progres-sive Caucus’ alternative budget. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : As clergy and faith 
leaders of many faiths, we urge you to sup-port The People’s Budget, introduced by the co-chairs of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, Congressmen Keith Ellison and Rau ´l 
Grijalva. The Federal budget should reflect our values and shared priorities, and we be-lieve that this proposal achieves that goal. 
The teachings of our respective faiths are 
steeped in the understanding that we have a communal responsibility to care for the most vulnerable in society. Feeding the hun-gry, clothing the naked, ensuring that all workers receive a fair wage are not simply policy positions: they are sacred obligations. 
The People’s Budget would create des-
perately-needed, good paying jobs, repeal se-quester and all Budget Control Act spending caps and end Corporate Inversions that allow U.S. companies to avoid paying taxes. The Budget’s proposals invest in veterans, women, communities of color and their fami-lies and K–12 education. It expands the Earned Income Tax Credit and unemploy-ment insurance and enhances the social safe-ty net. It reauthorizes the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and implements comprehensive immigration reform, includ-ing a pathway to citizenship. In short, The People’s Budget, if passed, would set our na-tion back on the path toward a fair and healthy economy. 
These priorities were among those laid out 
by the Washington, DC Interfaith commu-nity in releasing our own Faithful Budget, which lays out how government spending could align with these moral priorities: http://bit.ly/faithful-budget. The ‘‘People’s Budget’’ echoes many of the key proposals outlined in the Faithful Budget, so we’re proud to support it. You can read more about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MR8.017 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E430 March 26, 2015 
the ‘‘People’s Budget’’ here: 
http://bit.ly/peoples-budget. 
Our government should serve all of its citi-
zens. By bolstering the social safety net for those who most need it and prioritizing measures that reduce the growing inequality in our nation, The People’s Budget does just that, and it deserves the support of Congress. We urge you to vote for it when it comes to the House Floor. 
Thank you for your consideration. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO LINDSAY MOSER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Lindsay Moser for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Lindsay has the determination and drive to 
be successful in all that she does, and her ex-emplary work with Principal Financial Group Inc. is a testament to that. As the Campus and Diversity & Inclusion Manager for Principal Fi-nancial Group, Lindsay is passionate about going the extra mile. Lindsay’s outstanding work ethic and dedication to service, both pro-fessionally and personally, makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Lindsay in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Lindsay on receiving this esteemed designation, thank-ing those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
REMEMBERING ANDREW J. 
PARISE, MAYOR OF THE VIL-LAGE OF CEDARHURST, NY 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Mr. Andrew Parise, the long-time mayor of the Village of Cedarhurst who passed away last month at the age of 90. A decorated veteran of World War II, Mayor Parise fought in the Battle of the Bulge and personally bore witness to the atrocities of the Holocaust when his division liberated the Bu-chenwald Concentration Camp. After the war, 
Mayor Parise returned home and spent 60 years as a decorated public servant, fully de-voted to his neighbors and his community. 
I wish to share the following essay by Rabbi 
Mordechai Kamenetzky, remembering Mayor Parise as a man who led by example, who welcomed human beings of all religions, races and ethnicities and created a spirit of equality and inclusiveness in the Cedarhurst commu-nity that will live on long after his passing. 
[From AMI Magazine, Feb. 18, 2015] 
A M AYOR TOREMEMBER  
(By Rabbi Mordechai Kamenetzky) 
I went back to the shtetl last week. You 
know, like the fellows who go back to Hun-gary or Poland 50 years after the war, the ones who left when they were little kids. When they get there, though, it’s a different shtetl. 
Of course, some of their old neighbors are 
still there. You know, the Januariuszes and the Stanislaws in Poland and the Andrashes and Ferkos in Hungary. There they are mill-ing around, looking at you with a mixture of disdain and curiosity, and you’re not exactly sure what you’re doing there either. 
Still, there’s something that always draws 
a person back to his beginnings. What is it? Maybe it’s a longing for ‘‘your land, your birthplace and the house of your father’’ that even pogroms, concentration camps and ruthless natives can’t repress. 
You are wondering, I am sure, where I 
went. No, it was not the little village of Tzitivyan in Lithuania, nor was it Dolhinov, Minsk or even Ostrov. 
I went back to the world in which I was 
born and raised, before it was transformed into a vastly different universe. A remnant of that world was compressed and trans-planted into a funeral home in Lynbrook, Long Island, where my father and I went to pay our respects to the old neighborhood and its colorful characters. 
Andrew Parise, our backyard neighbor for 
58 years, and the mayor of the Village of Cedarhurst since 1995, passed away last week. At a time when Jews were a minority in Woodmere and Cedarhurst—and Orthodox Jews almost nonexistent—Mayor Parise opened his arms and embraced us warmly. 
Mr. Parise was loved and revered by every-
one. Possibly the oldest active mayor in the United States, he commanded respect; in-deed, no one ever referred to him as anything other than ‘‘the mayor,’’ It was, lehavdil, al-most like ‘‘the rosh yeshivah.’’ 
It’s hard for city folks to relate to a mayor 
who rode around in an older Lincoln Town Car with a license plate reading ‘‘CEDMAYOR,’’ stopping to kibbitz with the locals, and offering rides to people when it rained. He implored my father and me to cut through his backyard to shorten our Shabbos walk to shul, and worked diligently on solv-ing zoning problems for the myriad shtiebelach popping up on village street cor-ners. 
It was gentiles like Andy Parise who facili-
tated the harmonious transformation of Cedarhurst, a very secular town that, along with four other similar villages, burgeoned into the Orthodox community known as the Five Towns. 
My trip to the funeral home in Lynbrook 
was a trip back in time, as I met so many players of the original five shtetlach there, people whose influence and presence were so prominent when I was a kid. 
Of course, joining me in the room was my 
father and an Avi, an Asher and an Ari, much younger than I and strangers to the past to which I’d come to pay my respects. Still, for the most part it was the universe of the pre-frum Five Towns, when the Nickys, 
Jimmys, Tonys, Joeys and Jesses dominated. If I closed my eyes I could almost hear my father pleading and cajoling to get the gar-bage picked up, the zoning approved or the unions to back off. 
In those days, the Italians ran the town. 
Orthodox Jews were an anomaly; a yarmulke was such a strange sight on Central Avenue that I remember distinctly tugging on my mother’s sleeve whenever I saw another one and shouting, ‘‘Look, Ma! He’s wearing a yarmulke!’’ 
As I made my way up to the front of the 
room in search of the Parise children I was stopped by Nick Fabrizio. When I was a kid he was a bus driver; now he owns the bus company. It was one of the largest inde-pendent bus companies in our area. While he still comes into the business every day he has passed most of the reins—or the wheels— over to his son Michael. ‘‘Hey! Rabbi!’’ he called out. ‘‘How’s your pop? I remember how he used to call me at five o’clock in the morning on snow days, pleading with me to pick up the kids even though the public schools were closed!’’ He was interrupted by Nicky DeSibio, whose father, affectionately known as Uncle Pete, used to be a big Repub-lican politician. 
‘‘What a loss,’’ he said, shaking his head. 
‘‘Were you aware that I did all the zoning work for you guys when your father had all these problems with the yeshivah back in the day?’’ Then he spotted my elderly father and hugged him. ‘‘Rabbi! I was just telling your son . . .’’ 
He was relating some of his ‘‘war stories’’ 
when a voice rang out as if we were standing at a wedding. ‘‘Hey! It’s Mutty!’’ Yes, that was my sobriquet well before my hair turned gray. ‘‘I’ve never forgotten you! How’s your dad? How’s Tzqueaky?’’ pronouncing my brother Zvi’s name the exact same way all the kids, as well as Mr. Shave, our Irish ten-ant, used to. It was David Parise, the young-est of Andy’s three kids, as enthusiastic and warm as always. 
I could remember myself as a seven-year- 
old kid with a large yarmulke, watching the older fellows, Parise, Ferguson, Collins and Newman, playing stickball. They always let me play with them and never made fun of my head covering or my religion. And I can’t re-member a negative remark against Leroy Collins, the first and only black kid in the neighborhood. I even joined them on some of their mischievous adventures at the Cedarhurst railroad station, which by to-day’s standards are rather innocuous, but I would still rather not mention. 
David was peppering me with questions 
and I was asking him if he knew whatever happened to the rest of the gang. All of a sudden my mind was in a 50-year-old place, filled with Farinas, Lanzilottas and DiLorenzos. As the names came swirling back at me I wondered: Why hadn’t I experi-enced all the anti-Semitism I’d heard so much about? 
Then my eyes glanced at the mayor, lying 
in repose in a half-opened coffin, next to the myriad medals he’d received fighting the Nazis and liberating Buchenwald, including a Purple Heart. I thought about the tone he’d set for his family and for all of his friends. 
When asked, he was proud to talk about 
his experiences. ‘‘When we got to Buchen-wald, there were no live people left; maybe a few. Mostly there were large pits filled with skeletons. General Eisenhower wanted us to go into the concentration camps so we could be witnesses to Hitler’s atrocities.’’ 
I thought of the early years, when he’d em-
braced my father’s presence and vision for the town. I thought of all the times my fa-ther went to him to take care of a ‘‘prob-lem.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.001 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E431 March 26, 2015 
I also remembered hearing stories from 
other rabbis, some of whom arrived years later. Rabbi Aryeh Ginzberg once related how the mayor had refused to let him sit on a folding chair in his office, insisting on schlepping in a big comfortable leather one for him. ‘‘My rabbi doesn’t sit on a folding chair if I can do anything about it,’’ he said. 
The Mayor would always visit our sukkah, 
and I heard that after my parents started going away for Yom Tov he continued the tradition by visiting the sukkah of Rabbi Zalman Wolowik, the local Chabad shaliach. When Rabbi and Rebbetzin Wolowik were sit-ting shivah for their son, Levi Yitzchak, the mayor visited every day. 
Somehow, he always managed to figure out 
a way to make things work, whether it was a shul having a problem with zoning laws or trying to get additional parking spaces. His favorite motto was something like the Gemara’s ‘‘koach d’heteira adif’’: ‘‘Some people in authority express power by saying no. I express it by saying yes.’’ 
As I looked at the medals I thought of 
what it must have been like for an Italian kid fighting the Nazis and liberating the Jews. 
I also reflected on how the towns and the 
landscape have changed. Orthodox Jews are now on the board of local villages; the dep-uty (and soon to be) mayor of Cedarhurst is a trustee of the Young Israel of Woodmere. Torah-observant citizens make up the major-ity of the school board. 
I glanced at the coffin and the medals, and 
the Purple Heart. Being among all the people who had treated my father and our family with such warmth and accommodation, I thought, ‘‘I may have gone back to the shtetl of my youth, but I was not with the Lithuanian, Polish or Hungarian collabo-rators.’’ I was in the presence of the soldiers, and their children who are fighting the Nazis until this very day. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 36TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to recognize a very impor-tant day in U.S.-Taiwan relations. April 10th marks the 36th anniversary of the Taiwan Re-lations Act (TRA). This important statute has been critical in defining the diplomatic, eco-nomic, and strategic relationship we have en-joyed with Taiwan over the last four decades. The TRA has strengthened our relationship and helped to encourage a particularly strong economic partnership. Over the course of the last few decades, Taiwan has created a thriv-ing and innovative economy that most coun-tries around the world envy. Taiwan plays a critical role in the supply of everyday products and is fully integrated in the global economy. 
Also, as we near the 70th Anniversary of 
the end of the Second World War, it is just and appropriate that we remember the Repub-lic of China’s important contributions to the al-liance that defeated fascist militarism in that heroic struggle. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to many more 
decades of cooperation between the United States and Taiwan. I am also confident that if we continue to enhance our economic rela-tionship with this fellow republic, the dynamic partnership that we’ve built together will con-
tinue to thrive in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ARJUN KUNJILWAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Arjun Kunjilwar attends Dawson High 
School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, why is it important to be in-volved in the political process? 
VOTING : A POWERFUL WAY TO GET INVOLVED IN  
THE POLITICAL PROCESS  
During the time when the US Constitution 
was first proposed, why was it important that every one of the 13 states ratified it? There wasn’t a need for a unanimous vote, but there was a need for unity and full co-operation. In a similar sense, while voting on an issue doesn’t have to be undisputed, it represents a loyalty and adherence to the American belief of democracy where indi-vidual voices and opinions can be freely ex-pressed. Every citizen should vote in any election because individual beliefs can unite together to achieve anything desired. A vote can represent so many things. It has the power to magnify one’s voice so that it can be heard by others. It can help drive change when many are put together. It signifies a person’s concern and perspective of what ac-tions will lead to improvement. It can unite a group of people to help work towards a cer-tain goal. 
In today’s society, presidential election 
voting seems to have lost some of its impor-tance. Since 2004, while the number of people who are eligible to vote has increased by 18,000 (attributed to increasing population), the number of people who actually fill out 
the ballot has increased only about 7,000, and the percent of the population that actually does vote has dropped about 2%. In a society that constantly focuses on what can be im-proved, voting provides the stimulus for change. People may choose not to vote be-cause they don’t feel as if their opinion will cause or spark anything. Yet, voting is the most efficient tool in the hands of the public that can steer the nation in the direction they desire. It also allows the governing bod-ies to know what is exactly expected of them and keeps them in check. Voting therefore, represents an unalienable role in the govern-ment, and should be considered as an impor-tant duty of every citizen. 
Finally the right to vote it is the greatest 
symbol of any democracy where the freedom to make choices will always prevail. While the voting process might not give every cit-izen his or her vision of a perfect society, those who choose to vote express a loyalty to their nation and the want to have it func-tioning perfectly. So while all votes might not be needed to determine a majority, doesn’t each and every one of them have their own value? HONORING DAVID SHUFFLER 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, as we give 
pause this month to commemorate the innu-merable contributions that African Americans have made—and continue to make—to our nation, I rise to honor a Bronx activist, orga-nizer and impassioned voice for community empowerment. It is with great pleasure and admiration that I stand before you today to ap-plaud Mr. David Shuffler for his many years of compassionate public service and tireless work to improve the lives of our community residents. 
Mr. Shuffler was born and raised in the 
South Bronx where he continues to live, work, and serve the community today. Mr. Shuffler is the Executive Director at Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice (YMPJ). YMPJ is a multi- service, faith based, grassroots community or-ganization located in the Bronx River/ Soundview sections of the Bronx that has served the community with unwavering dedi-cation for more than twenty years. 
Mr. Shuffler began his career as a public 
servant when he became a member at Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice in the sum-mer of 1994. Upon quickly joining the staff at YMPJ, Mr. Shuffler became an integral part of forming the original R.I.V.E.R. Team, which led grassroots community organizing efforts that resulted in victories like the creation of Concrete Plant Park and Starlight Park. Today, these parks offer more than thirty acres of waterfront park space, and play a crit-ical role in the realization of the South Bronx Greenway. Mr. Shuffler was also a leader on other important issue campaigns such as un-employment and police reform. The breadth of issues that David Shuffler has worked to champion over the years speaks to the power of his vision, and his commitment to ensuring that the quality of life of individuals in our com-munity is consistently improving. 
Today, Mr. Shuffler continues to influence 
various levels of government on a wide spread of local issues. Over the course of his career he has been able to secure over $50 million dollars for community led efforts throughout the city and helped move effective policy which has directly benefitted some of the most vulnerable individuals in our community. I am grateful to Mr. Shuffler for his ongoing dedica-tion to our community, and I am honored to call him a fellow public servant. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and 
my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. David Shuffler for his consistently remarkable dedication to public service and longstanding commitment to improving our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF JOHN 
AMOROSO 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Chief John Amoroso on his retire-ment after four years of dedicated service as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.003 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E432 March 26, 2015 
the Chief of Police to the people of Avenal, 
California. 
Chief Amoroso was born on June 10, 1956 
in San Francisco, California. He graduated from Abraham Lincoln High School in 1974. He went on to attend the College of the Se-quoias on a baseball scholarship, where he earned an Associate of Science Degree. 
In July 1976, Chief Amoroso married Susan 
Brown. The couple would go on to have two daughters, Amy and Melissa. 
Chief Amoroso started his distinguished law 
enforcement career in 1979 with the Hanford Police Department (HPD). He served with the department for nine years and earned the rank of Sergeant before being hired by the Kings County Sheriff’s Office in 1988. In 1992, Chief Amoroso was awarded a Medal of Valor for his work in a SWAT mission that resulted in the arrest of a double homicide suspect. Chief Amoroso spent 21 years with the Kings Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office before retiring in December 2009. 
On April 1, 2010, the City of Avenal hired 
Chief Amoroso to establish Avenal’s first po-lice department. In addition to hiring officers, acquiring equipment, purchasing vehicles, and facilitating officer training, he designed the Ken Brown Public Safety Center where the Avenal Police Department is located. 
Chief Amoroso’s work to establish the 
Avenal Police Department fully materialized on November 15, 2010 when the Avenal Police Department relieved the Kings County Sher-iff’s Office and assumed full responsibility for law enforcement in the City of Avenal. 
After dedicating his life to law enforcement, 
Chief Amoroso is retiring on April 10, 2015. 
Avenal and the entire Central Valley com-
munity have been extremely fortunate to have a dedicated law enforcement officer such as Chief Amoroso to ensure the wellbeing of their community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Chief John Amoroso for his thirty five years of dedicated law en-forcement work in the Central Valley and con-gratulating him on his recent retirement from the Avenal Police Department. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JAIMIE MILLER- 
ACKLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Jaimie Miller-Ackley for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. Jaimie has the determination and drive to 
be successful in all that she does, and her ex-emplary work with Iowa Credit Union Founda-tion is a testament to that. As the Executive Director of the Iowa Credit Union Foundation, Jaimie is passionate about going the extra mile. Jaimie’s exemplary work ethic and dedi-cation to service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Jaimie in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Jaimie on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING WILLIE RENE LEFLORE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. Willie Rene Leflore. 
Ms. Leflore is a lifetime resident of Sun-
flower County, Mississippi. 
Ms. Leflore is a soldier encouraging others 
to sign up and be counted. In her words, ‘‘Gone are the days of nurturing, chopping, hoeing, hauling water pails, getting up early, catching Bill Henderson’s bus, etcetera, to work from sun up to sun down for $3.15 daily’’. 
Growing up, Ms. Leflore wanted to be free 
to enter the front doors of Labella Restaurant and ride at the front of the Grey Hound Bus. So, Ms. Leflore took a stand, and marched be-side Cora Stone Johnson, Nelson Dotson, John Richardson, Lene and others for her civil rights. 
Ms. Leflore is a soldier for what is right. She 
believes in receiving the same privileges and rights as other races. She believes that all adults have their own mind to decide on what they want to participate in as long as it is right. She fought for that privilege. It was an ac-quired desire to march beside others who shared the same belief. 
Ms. Leflore worked, never missing a day un-
less she was sick. When she became ill, she had to retire. She has received numerous commendations as a loyal supporter of all ath-letic activities at Gentry High School. To this day, she still uses the phone as her legs and mouth, encouraging others to stand and show themselves approved. She believes that standing for what you believe in regardless, of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance means courage, which is what she had to constantly remind herself of. She always kept a smile on her face, even when on the inside she felt like dying. She stopped at nothing. Doing what was instilled in her heart, is to make another’s life a little more bearable. When she was in the moment, she was loyal, she wasn’t selfish and she kept her head high. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ms. Willie Rene Leflore for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. IN RECOGNITION AND APPRECIA-
TION OF MR. LONNIE POWELL AND HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO KANSAS CITY’S ARTISTIC COM-MUNITY 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise 
today to honor the contributions of Kansas 
City Artist and Educator, Mr. Lonnie Powell. Mr. Powell is a native of Missouri’s Fifth Con-gressional District, which I proudly represent, and his professional contributions continue to enhance the skills of young artists, and have united artists for the purpose of showcasing talent. Additionally, his unique abilities have created a treasure of expressive visual art. To have the respect of one’s peers and the lead-ership skills to make a significant difference in one’s community is the rarest of gifts. But to have the additional commitment, energy, and desire to pursue and achieve one’s goals are equally extraordinary qualities. 
Mr. Powell’s artistic development began at a 
young age, when he cultivated the desire to draw and create using his pencil. Despite the stress his father had placed on the importance of trade skills for financial stability, after grad-uating from Central High School in Kansas City, Powell chose to pursue higher education. He graduated from Lincoln University, in Jef-ferson City, Missouri, in 1966 with a Bachelor of Science in Art Education, and promptly began his long career in education. 
From 1966 to 1975, Powell taught art at 
several schools in the Kansas City, Missouri School District. He introduced his students to different artistic techniques and delighted in their individual creativity. Powell began work-ing on his Master’s Degree in Art Education at Central Missouri State College and had com-pleted 37 hours when the private sector en-ticed him to leave teaching and join the cor-porate world. At Xerox Corporation, he made President’s Club, an honor reserved for the upper echelon of the national sales force. Though he had significant accomplishments, and had received numerous awards, there was little time left for creating art. He missed the students and felt a pervading emptiness. Therefore, after eight years in the corporate world, Powell returned to his real passion, teaching art. He has often said that he learned from his students as much as they learned from him. He quotes Pablo Picasso, ‘‘Every child is an artist. The problem is how to re-main an artist once we grow up.’’ 
In 2000, Powell retired from teaching and 
focused on his own artistic career. He is well known for his visual narratives which illustrate the subject’s feeling and glimpses into their thoughts. Through mediums of oil, acrylics, watercolor, pastels, and pencil, he exposes the soul. For Powell, a finished piece is first appreciated and then evaluated in order to avoid complacency and continually strive to improve. 
In 2001, Lonnie Powell became the founder 
and president of The Light in the Other Room. This organization remains active and has formed many partnerships in the name of art. Powell had envisioned a collaborative of Afri-can-American, Kansas City based artists that would benefit both the community and partici-pating artists. Powell says ‘‘The two greatest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.007 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E433 March 26, 2015 
joys for me have been learning from each 
other and causing a bit of a stir in the Kansas City Area. We are very optimistic about our fu-ture and the future of our beloved metropolitan area.’’ His organization has worked with The Greater Kansas City Links, The Jackson County Links, Hatebusters Inc., The Epsten Gallery, The Sister City Association of Kansas City, Missouri, Central Missouri State Univer-sity, William Jewell College, Vaughn Cultural Center, and Portfolio Gallery and Education Center of St. Louis, Missouri, to name a few. 
Powell has participated in solo and group 
exhibits at Ethnic Art Gallery, the Central Ex-change, Bruce R. Watkins Cultural Heritage Center and Museum, The American Jazz Mu-seum’s Changing Gallery, The Vine Street Studio, The Review Studio and many others. His creations have also been accepted in nu-merous competitions around the country. 
His exhibits at numerous colleges and uni-
versities include: Park University, Western Missouri University, Lincoln University, Rockhurst University (where he spent a year as artist in residence from 1969 to 1970), The University of Central Missouri, Avila College, William Jewell College and the Kansas Univer-sity Medical Center. 
Powell’s art is in numerous private collec-
tions, as well as corporate collections includ-ing: Sprint Nextel Corporation, H&R Block Corporation, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Fishnet Corporation, Andrew/McMeel Universal, Sports Association Management, Inc., Truman Medical Center. The American Jazz Museum, Nerman Museum of Contem-porary Art (Oppenheimer Collection) and The Mulvane Art Museum all have his art as part of their permanent collections. Additionally, he has some pieces in The Negro Leagues Base-ball Museum’s permanent collection as well as in their traveling exhibition, Shades of Great-ness, which tours galleries and museums across the country. 
In 2005, Powell was awarded Signature 
membership in the National Watercolor Soci-ety. He won the NWS Combined Donors’ C Award for his piece, South Sun. In 2006, he was named one of the ‘‘Ones to Watch’’ by Watercolor Magic Magazine (now Watercolor Artist Magazine). In 2013, Powell was award-ed ‘‘Best of Show’’, at the Harlem X-Hibit, Black Art in America. 
One of Powell’s most bittersweet experi-
ences took place in 2007 when he traveled with Change the Truth to Kajjansi, Uganda. There, he worked with the children of St. Mary Kevin’s Orphanage. This was a profound ex-perience in which he first felt initial shock, see-ing children with so very little. However, he will tell you of the joy he came to know from work-ing with these young children as many were extremely talented. Powell says he found it hard to leave his little students behind. 
Powell is blessed with a wonderful family, 
including his lovely wife, Brenda, their son, Gregory, (and his wife, Tava) and a beautiful granddaughter, Jaden. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me and our col-
leagues in expressing our appreciation to Mr. Lonnie Powell for his endless commitment to our artistic community. He is not only a role model for our artists, but he serves as an ex-ample of how we can all live our lives. Mr. Speaker, his art moves us and his contribu-tions have enlightened our community. A TRIBUTE TO ANGIE PFANNKUCH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Angie Pfannkuch for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Angie has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything she does, and her ex-emplary work with Olson Associates Inc. is a testament to that. As Development Consultant she utilizes her management abilities to de-velop large land renovations in Des Moines to revitalize historic areas. In her free time Angie likes to dedicate herself to serving others. She recently took a mission trip to Ghana to help establish an orphanage, King Cares Inter-national’s first project in Africa. In all aspects of her life, Angie is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Angie in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Angie on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF MIAMI 
BEACH ON ITS CENTENNIAL 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, 
it is with great pride that I rise today to recog-nize the 100th anniversary of the City of Miami Beach in Florida’s 23rd Congressional District. 
Incorporated on March 26th, 1915, Miami 
Beach took its place on the map with only a handful of residents. Now home to nearly 100,000 people, the City of Miami Beach has not only grown in population but in reputation. This vacation paradise is an internationally recognized tourist destination visited by mil-lions each year. However, for as much as Miami Beach is known for its fun and sun, it has evolved into a hub for business and is a trendsetter in the areas of arts and culture, fine dining and entertainment. 
More than 100 years ago, Miami Beach pio-
neers Carl Fisher, John Collins and the Lummus brothers had a vision to develop a small island that could stand as a city in and 
of itself. Combining their efforts, the Collins Bridge, the longest wooden bridge in the world at that time, was constructed to connect Mi-ami’s mainland with this new island commu-nity. And with just 33 registered voters, John Newton Lummus was elected the city’s first mayor. Soon thereafter, the building boom of the 1920’s helped create the now historic and famed Art Deco district, known to the world as ‘‘South Beach.’’ 
As a matter of fact, Miami Beach is home to 
numerous sites in the National Register of His-toric Places, from the Venetian Causeway to the Fountainebleau Hotel to Beth Jacob Con-gregation which now houses the Jewish Mu-seum of Florida. The city’s various neighbor-hoods are as distinct as its residents, from South Beach to Mid Beach to North Beach, Miami Beach radiates a true sense of commu-nity. 
Miami Beach has served as a cultural play-
ground for entertainers such as Jackie Glea-son, Frank Sinatra and even The Beatles who performed on the Ed Sullivan Show live from the Deauville Hotel. 
This month Miami Beach will celebrate its 
Centennial with 100 hours of showcasing its history and all the city has to offer, including a performance by Miami Beach residents and cultural icons Gloria Estefan, Barry Gibb and Andrea Bocelli. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to 
represent the City of Miami Beach in our na-tion’s capital. I thank Mayor Philip Levine, the Members of the City Commission, and the city’s staff for their many accomplishments that have made the City of Miami Beach a wonderful place to live, work, visit and raise a family. 
f 
SUPPORT OF THE ‘‘HOMELAND SE-
CURITY DRONE ASSESSMENT AND ANALYSIS ACT’’ 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in strong support of the ‘‘Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act.’’ 
On January 27th, a small drone landed on 
the grounds of the White House. 
Thankfully, this incident did not threaten the 
President or his family, as it was nothing more than an ill-advised misadventure by a hobbyist. 
It did, however, raise serious questions 
about the threat commercially available drones may pose to individuals, infrastructure, and our aviation system. 
Recently, drones were observed flying over 
sensitive assets in France, including nuclear installations, the home of the French Presi-dent, and near the United States Embassy. These drone activities have raised concerns about the security implications of the commer-cial availability of small and medium sized drones. 
Undoubtedly, drones have great commercial 
potential and their utility will aid our agricul-tural sector and others in the decades to come. 
Even as drones have the potential for so 
much good in the hands of a farmer, there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.010 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E434 March 26, 2015 
the risk that they will be used for ill in the 
hands of someone who intends harm. 
Last week, the Subcommittee on Oversight 
and Management Efficiency, of which I am the Ranking Minority Member, of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, held a hearing regarding the potential security threats posed by small and medium sized commercially available drones. 
During the hearing, we heard from experts 
in the field regarding the need for DHS to act as the Federal lead in researching the issue of security vulnerabilities posed by small and me-dium sized drones. 
The witnesses described the need for DHS 
to develop security policies and for DHS to disseminate information to State, local, and tribal law enforcement officials regarding how such officials may bolster preparedness for and responses to attacks perpetrated by com-mercially available small and medium sized drones. 
I authored the ‘‘Homeland Security Drone 
Assessment and Analysis Act’’ to address the issues raised before the Subcommittee last week and to ensure DHS serves as the lead Federal department responsible for the secu-rity issues raised by small and medium sized drones. 
The bill also requires DHS to conduct a 
comprehensive risk assessment regarding small and medium sized drones so that the policies the Department and its components develop are based on sound analysis and the probable rather than the possible. 
Finally, my bill will address the concerns we 
heard from the President of the International Association of Chiefs of Police regarding a lack of information being disseminated regard-ing how State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment agencies should respond to potential threats posed by drones. 
It does so by mandating that the Secretary 
of Homeland Security provide information to State, local, and tribal law enforcement entities regarding how to prepare for and respond to potential threats posed by drones. 
I urge my colleagues to support the ‘‘Home-
land Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREG IRVINE 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Corona and Riverside County at large are exceptional. Corona has been fortunate to have dynamic and dedicated community lead-ers who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a bet-ter place to live and work. Greg Irvine is one of these individuals. On April 15, 2015, Greg will be honored for his dedicated service as he ends his tenure as the Assistant City Manager for the City of Corona. 
Greg’s work with the City of Corona began 
in 1996 when he first served as the Assistant City Treasurer. Greg was then promoted to In-terim City Treasurer and would later be pro-moted again to serve as Assistant General Manager for the Department of Water and Power. Greg was then moved to be the As-
sistant to the City Manager and in August of 2004, he was appointed to Assistant City Man-ager. It was in this capacity that he oversaw public policy for the City of Corona which en-compassed legislative advocacy and city com-munications as well as marketing efforts. Given his depth of experience through his service as Assistant and Interim City Treas-urer, he also had the executive responsibility for the Finance Department. His knowledge was helpful for Corona in steering through the recession and has been commended by sev-eral City Council Members. Additionally, Greg’s involvement in the community goes far beyond the doors of City Hall. He has been an active participant in numerous community service organizations throughout Corona. 
In light of all Greg Irvine has done for the 
community of Corona, I wish him the best as he embarks on his retirement. Greg’s tireless passion for the community has contributed im-mensely to the betterment of Corona, Cali-fornia. I am proud to call Greg a fellow com-munity member, American and friend. I know that many community members are grateful for his service and salute him as he ends his time as Assistant City Manager for the City of Corona. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,372,692,901.05. We’ve 
added $7,525,495,643,987.97 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 1963 
LEESBURG STOCKADE WOMEN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize fifteen outstanding women who at a young age had the courage to take a stand for their rights and were imprisoned for it, enduring horrific conditions and cir-cumstances while confined within a Civil War- era abandoned stockade located deep in the backwoods of Leesburg, Georgia. These brave women will be honored at the 1963 Leesburg Stockade Women’s Honor Program. This exceptional tribute, sponsored by the Boys and Girls Club of Americus-Sumter County, will be held on Saturday, April 4, 2015 at 1:00 p.m. at Georgia Southwestern State University in Americus, Georgia. 
Fifty-two years past, during a dark moment 
in our nation’s history, fifteen valiant African- American adolescent girls from Americus, Georgia were unjustly imprisoned for their in-volvement in a peaceful Civil Rights protest in 
their hometown. Taken to the abandoned stockade, these girls, who were between 11 and 15 years of age, spent close to two months in conditions that were, quite simply, reprehensible. Deprived of clean water, ade-quate nutrition, proper hygiene, contact with their families, and other basic comforts, these innocent girls suffered acute physical and psy-chological turmoil as a result of their struggle for equality. Such wounds do not heal easily or quickly, yet even as cuts have turned to scars, these passionate and fiercely deter-mined women have overcome. 
With this resiliency in mind, it is my privilege 
to announce that these devoted citizens stand together, ever courageous, to share their sto-ries with the public for the first time. Ten indi-viduals—Dr. Shirley Green-Reese, Willie Mae Smith-Davis, Dr. Carol Barner Seay, Melinda Jones Williams, Verna Hollis, Billie Jo Thorn-ton Allen, Diane Dorsey-Bowens, Lula Westbrooks Griffin, Laura Ruff Saunders and Emmarene Kaigler Streeter—will speak of their experiences at the event, bringing vibrant testimony to the turmoil and triumphs of the Civil Rights Movement. The remaining five women—Pearl Brown, Mattie Crittenden, San-dra Russell Mansfield, Annie Lou Ragans Laster, and Gloria Westbrooks Breedlove—are now deceased but will also be honored and remembered during the ceremony. 
A number of local, state, and national fig-
ures, including Americus Mayor Barry Blount; Senior Vice President of the Boys and Girls Club of America, Dr. Damon A. Williams; and Museum Specialist at the National Museum of African American History and Culture, Debo-rah Tulani Salahu-Din, will be present to com-memorate the outstanding fortitude of these remarkable women. Terrible though it was, their ordeal continues to spread awareness for the critical nature of Civil Rights across the country and thankfully, their trials have not been in vain. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me today in paying tribute to the enduring spirits, the dignity, and the impact of these fif-teen valiant women from Americus, Georgia. They are living proof that the occurrences of the past survive within us today. Let us always be grateful to the 1963 Leesburg Stockade Women who paved the way for a better today and a brighter tomorrow for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING LUKE MOFFETT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Luke Moffett attends Seven Lakes High 
School in Katy, Texas. The essay topic is: in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.013 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E435 March 26, 2015 
your opinion, what role should government 
play in our lives? 
An organized and intentional government 
is essential for any country to thrive and run efficiently. However, in my opinion, the gov-ernment can easily overstep its bounds and become a catalyst for persecution and op-pression. It is clear that the founding fathers were very skeptical of—after years of de-bate—creating a centralized government. They realized that the very thing they fought and died to rid themselves of can eas-ily creep back into the delicate balance of true democracy, actively nullifying their painful sacrifices. When they finally had the chance to establish their vision of a perfect government, they immediately focused on the concept of a small central government to give the power back to the people. With the terror of absolute rule fresh on their minds, knowing the potential of a sovereign govern-ment, these men realized what government’s role truly should be. Because of this, the founding fathers are the most influential fig-ures in my view towards the government’s role in my life and the lives of those around me. I believe that the subsidies and programs that accompany a large and powerful govern-ment are far outweighed by its potential to take all those things away in an instant. If we allow the government to provide every-thing for us, then we truly have no freedom because we are ultimately bound to the large government that provides everything we need. Although this is extreme, it accurately portrays the dangers of a large central gov-ernment. Therefore, I firmly believe that local and state governments should adopt a larger role in the lives of the citizens within their jurisdiction, coupled with a central government that focuses on foreign affairs and large international issues. On the con-trary, the necessity of a central government can easily be witnessed throughout history and, therefore, cannot be overlooked. In the United States’ establishment, the absence of a central government led to turmoil, vio-lence, and an obvious lack of organization. The balance between local, state, and federal government is fragile and difficult to set, yet it is vital to the well-being of a nation. Therefore, I believe that although govern-ments may have good intentions, ultimately governments lose sight of true freedom, and because of that reason, a government should never have the ability to micromanage my life or limit my Constitutional freedoms. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF J. 
MICHAEL CRABTREE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the long, distinguished career of one of my good friends, J. Michael Crabtree, who will be retiring this spring. 
Michael has been a hardworking and re-
spected member of the education community for more than 40 years. The time and dedica-tion he devoted brought about significant posi-tive change to the students and community of Southern Nazarene University. Not only the students, but professors, community members, parents, and alumni greatly benefited from his work. Michael’s different positions at the uni-versity over the years allowed many to experi-ence his diverse skill set and leadership quali-ties. One of his recent accomplishments was his helping to complete the nine million dollar Campaign for the Science effort for the J.D. & 
Mary West Science Laboratory. 
I have had the pleasure of knowing Michael 
for many years. His recent positions at the university demonstrate his ability to maintain strong relationships and enhance school pro-grams. Michael is retiring as Associate Vice President for University Advancement where his main focus was endowment development and planned giving. He maintained and en-hanced relationships with donors as well as donor programs. His other roles at the school included assistant to the president, Vice Presi-dent for University Advancement, and execu-tive director of university advancement among others. 
Michael also spent considerable time volun-
teering. He spent countless hours with organi-zations and groups throughout the community such as the Bethany Arts Council, Hugh O’Brian Youth Leadership Foundation, and Oklahoma City Civic Music Association along with many others. He received the Manager of the Year award in 1988 from Southern Naza-rene University and ‘‘Service recognition for 35 years in higher education’’ in 2008. 
I want to thank Michael for his time and de-
votion to better the school that I attended as an undergraduate. His career will be remem-bered for years to come by everyone involved in the school and community. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the career of J. Michael Crabtree. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in cele-brating this milestone in his remarkable life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF 
THE LIVE4LALI CLINIC 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to 
recognize Chelsea LaLiberte and Jody Daitchman, as well as the other hardworking volunteers, on the opening of the Live4Lali clinic in Arlington Heights, Ill. 
In the Chicago suburbs, somebody dies of a 
heroin overdose every three days. Cheaper than cigarettes and more accessible than alco-hol, heroin has become a plague on our sub-urbs. Ms. LaLiberte and Ms. Daitchman recog-nized that our community and suburbs across the country are struggling with this epidemic, and they have taken bold and courageous ac-tion to prevent people from falling victim to drug abuse. 
Their efforts have already saved countless 
lives and the Live4Lali clinic will undoubtedly save countless more. I offer my deepest thanks for their work in helping to strengthen our community, and I urge the Members of this House to help us empower these agents of change by getting drug abuse prevention programs the funding they need. 
f 
HONORING MARGARETTE PURVIS 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in 
honor of Black History Month to recognize the important contributions made by African-Amer-
icans across the nation. African-Americans have made countless contributions to our country and made many great sacrifices for this great nation, and nowhere is the power, heritage, and vibrance of this community more visible than in New York City. It is with great pleasure that I stand before you today to honor one of our local champions, Ms. Margarette Purvis, for her many years of ad-vocacy and work to better the lives of families across our community. 
Ms. Purvis leads Food Bank For New York 
City, the country’s largest food bank serving one out of every five New Yorkers. In this role, Ms. Purvis has led the strategic vision for all of Food Bank’s operations, philanthropy and programming, including the organization’s city-wide food distribution system and member network of over 1,000 charities and schools. In addition, Ms. Purvis, who has more than 20 years of experience in services to our nation’s most vulnerable, was selected by Governor Andrew Cuomo to chair the New York State Anti-Hunger Task Force, where she’s leading the drafting of recommendations for better co-ordination of hunger relief services and poli-cies throughout the state. 
Ms. Purvis has held numerous prestigious 
positions before assuming her current role. She was CEO and Principal of PCG Services, an Atlanta-based firm. PCG developed and implemented social and philanthropic program-
ming and branding strategies for businesses, notables, nonprofits and government agencies. She was also the Vice President of National Programming at Points of Light Foundation, leading the launch and implementation of its multimillion dollar programs and civic engage-ment units while overseeing large-scale dis-aster initiatives in response to Hurricane Katrina. Prior to each of these Ms. Purvis served her first term at Food Bank as the or-ganization’s Vice President of Programs and Services where for five years she developed national award-winning programs, including the Education Institute and Kids Cafe ´pro-
grams. 
The common thread through all of 
Margarette Purvis’ professional endeavors is a strong passion for others; particularly, a pas-sion for prioritizing the needs of our commu-nity’s most vulnerable individuals who are not always able to advocate for themselves. This allegiance to fighting the good fight for those who are unable to fight for themselves is pre-cisely what makes Ms. Purvis such a remark-able leader. I am honored to help serve a community that counts such a fierce advocate as an ally, and look forward to continuing to work with Ms. Purvis to serve those in need. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and 
my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Ms. Margarette Purvis for her tireless effort and devotion to helping our community. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL MORMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Michael Morman for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.017 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E436 March 26, 2015 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Michael has the determination and talent to 
be successful in all that he does, and his work with Shive-Hattery Inc. is a testament to that commitment. As an Architect and Project Man-ager for Shive-Hattery, Michael is able to pur-sue a personal passion of his in his profes-sional life. He maintains an active schedule outside work, volunteering for numerous orga-nizations, including the Habitat for Humanity. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Michael in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Michael on receiving this esteemed designation, thank-ing those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN SUTTON 
HON. LARRY BUCSHON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate 8th district’ constituent, John Sut-ton of Worthington, Indiana and former Army Specialist 4th Class. Mr. Sutton was awarded the Soldier’s Medal for heroically rescuing a fellow solider from the burning wreckage of their downed helicopter on September 3, 1969. Even though Mr. Sutton was seriously injured, he and the surviving co-pilot bravely returned to the burning wreckage to pull the pilot, who lost both of his legs in the crash, to safety. 
The Soldier’s Medal is the highest medal 
awarded to enlisted Army personnel for non- combat related acts of valor. Mr. Speaker, I join my fellow Americans in thanking Mr. Sut-ton for his act of true bravery and selfless-ness. He is well deserving of this high honor. 
f 
HONORING EDDIE WILLIAMS, SR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Eddie Williams, Sr. 
Before joining the clergy nearly 35 years 
ago, the Rev. Eddie Williams, Sr. already was a trailblazer in the Port City and had dedicated his life to helping others. 
Born July 21, 1931, on Dent Street, in 
Greenville, Mississippi, Mr. Williams would go on to become his native city’s first black radio 
announcer. 
He attended Sacred Heart Elementary 
School and Coleman High School before con-tinuing his education at the Greenville Indus-trial College. 
After graduating, Williams in 1951 enlisted 
in the U.S. Army and served as a medic in Korea. 
He was honorably discharged in 1953 and 
briefly lived in Detroit where, he said, he first saw a somewhat integrated world. ‘‘It was a northern city, so it was definitely better there.’’ Williams said, ‘‘At the time here, we had black and white waiting rooms.’’ 
Still, Williams returned to his hometown and 
went to work at the newly opened Greenville Mill. In 1958, Williams switched careers, hiring on with the new community radio station WESY as its public relations director, which put him on the air. 
As an on-air personality, Williams guided 
Delta residents through the Civil Rights move-ment, from the sit-ins by college students in Montgomery, Ala., the March on Washington to the Magnolia State’s own Freedom Summer in 1964 and the integration of Mississippi schools in 1970. 
‘‘At that time, Dr. (Martin Luther) King was 
working, and I would do everything Dr. King was doing,’’ Williams said. ‘‘He was fighting for us, for the right to vote, and I was trying to keep our people informed of what was going on. When I got the news, I would hit the air with it.’’ 
Through his post at WESY, Williams be-
came active in community affairs and won nu-merous civic commendations, including the Elks Serene Lodge No. 567’s Outstanding Cit-izen Award in 1973 and its Man of Year award in 1974. In 1975, Williams was included in the annual Who’s Who Among Black Americans and made the list of Community Leaders and Noteworthy Americans of 1976. 
In 1980, after nearly three decades with 
WESY, Williams embarked on a spiritual jour-ney and became pastor of Greater Springfield MB Church. 
‘‘The radio was entertaining and fun, but the 
church is a completely different thing,’’ he said. ‘‘I feel like I was led to help people be-come the people that God would have us all to be.’’ 
In 1989, Williams became the pastor at Vic-
tory Temple Baptist Church on Alexander Street, where he has been since. For the past two years, he has told his parishioners about the rich history of current and former black ‘‘Green-villians’’ and urges the next genera-tions to build on those achievements. 
‘‘Certainly we have made progress, but we 
still have a long way to go, and we’ve all got to work toward that goal,’’ he said. ‘‘All of us, particularly black people, have got to put more effort into getting to where we need to be. We need to have more than Black History Month and start having Black History days and Black History years.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mr. Eddie Williams, Sr. for his 
dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. THE 225TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
PATENT ACT CELEBRATION 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, on April 10th 
we celebrate the 225th anniversary of Presi-dent George Washington signing into law the Patent Act of 1790. We honor the wisdom of our founding fathers in creating the first patent system to recognize by law the inherent right of an inventor to have protection over their in-ventions and innovations. Our Constitution grants Congress the power ‘‘to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by secur-ing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ With the creation of the Pat-ent Act came the ability for Americans to be rightfully credited for the use of their talents to progress our nation. 
The United States Patent and Trademark 
Office has issued over nine million patents. These patents demonstrate the creativity and foresight of the American people and their out-standing contributions enhance lives world-wide. We celebrate the first Patent Act, and salute the men and women who have pro-moted the progress of science and arts to make America a technological, economic, and cultural leader among nations. 
I applaud the Patent and Trademark Office 
for its continued efforts to encourage innova-tion and strengthen the nation’s competitive-ness in the global economy. We must recog-nize the critical importance of intellectual prop-erty. It is critical that Congress continues to acknowledge the need for effective patents, trademarks, and copyrights while upholding the vision of our Nation’s founders. Today, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Patent and Trademark Office—the model for managing patent systems around the world—for its stewardship of the patent sys-tem and for inspiring independent inventors, entrepreneurs, and small businesses to be innovators. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CINDY 
BOURLAND 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate my longtime friend Cindy Bourland, who was named by Texas Governor Rick Perry to fill a vacancy on the Third Court of Appeals. She’s a perfect fit to handle this important responsibility. 
I’ve known Cindy since she was a young girl 
in my Sunday school class. She was an intel-ligent, kind, and motivated young lady who ev-eryone knew had a very bright future. That she has achieved great things surprises no one. 
I was excited that she decided to pursue a 
career in the law. She later practiced before my court and showed herself to be a skilled attorney who understood both the letter and spirit of the law while never losing sight of its impact on people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.021 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E437 March 26, 2015 
As a former judge, I know firsthand the de-
mands Cindy will face. Judges have the re-sponsibility to, as scripture says, ‘‘let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream.’’ I know she’s ready to meet this challenge. 
It’s been a privilege to watch Cindy 
Bourland grow up, both in her life and career. I’m excited for her new responsibilities and honored to call her Judge. Most of all, I’m proud to call her my friend. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL 
LAND TRANSACTION FACILITA-TION ACT REAUTHORIZATION OF 2015 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce my legislation, the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act (FLTFA) Reauthor-ization of 2015. This legislation authorizes the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to sell surplus federal lands to states, localities, or private entities that can be put to economi-cally-beneficial use. Profits from the sales can then be used to purchase state or private land encumbered by National Parks and other fed-eral areas, advancing conservation goals and improving recreational, hunting and fishing ac-cess. 
Since its initial introduction in 2000, FLTFA 
reduced federal land ownership by 9,000 acres over the course of a decade. I am hon-ored to introduce this important piece of legis-lation that will streamline the federal land ac-quisition process. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JUSTINE PEEBLES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Justine Peebles for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Justine has the determination and drive to 
be successful in any professional and per-sonal task she undertakes. As Vice President of Lincoln Savings Bank she utilizes her drive and do-it-yourself attitude to advance the goals of the bank and provide great customer service. In her free time Justine likes to dedi-cate herself to serving others. She took the lead role on a project called Feeding the Fu-ture that supplies a warm meal to children 
every night in the Boys and Girls Club of Cen-tral Iowa and also spends some of her free time volunteering at the Youth Emergency Services Shelter. Justine’s exemplary work ethic and dedication to service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Justine in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Justine on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JILLIAN SABOE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Jillian Saboe attends Pearland High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
When people hear the word ‘‘government’’ 
or ‘‘politics’’ or any other words associated with the political process, their usual first reaction is either a cringe or look of disgust; some purposefully and some mindlessly. Why is it that in a country founded on individual rights and freedoms that people feel nega-tively toward the institutions that were cre-ated to protect them? 
‘‘In your opinion, what role should govern-
ment play in our lives?’’ Looking at this question, I can see the possibilities of three different paths one might take. One: The government should interfere less with Amer-ican citizens and practices. Two: The govern-ment should interfere more with American citizens and practices. Personally, I choose path number three: The government should not be looked at or act as an item of inter-ference. The government should be an insti-tution that interacts with individuals and groups in need of help and protection. A teenage girl should not be frightened when she sees a cop while driving down the high-way, she should feel safe. A small business owner should not fear of losing his shop while filing his taxes, he should feel untroubled. An old man should not worry about what money will go where when he passes, he should feel cared for. Although a government has the responsibility to ensure a steady economy, ensure sturdy foreign re-lations, and increase trade, a government should also prioritize its responsibility to take care of its citizens. When I say ‘‘take care,’’ I don’t mean making sure that they all get their social security checks when they reach a certain age, I mean making 
sure citizens receiving social security checks feel content with their situations. In my opinion, the government is allowed to be the bad guy sometimes to make sure that every-thing runs smoothly, but the government’s main role is to humanely support and pro-tect its citizens at all costs. 
A government must be many things in 
order to survive. It must be strong. It must be efficient. It must be intelligent. But the most important thing a government should be is comfortable. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, March 25, 
2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote #140. Had I been present I would have voted No. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ELECTRIC 
CHARGING ADVANCEMENT RE-FORM ACT 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, my home of Los 
Angeles unfortunately is the nation’s smog-giest region of the country. We are surrounded by mountains and have highest per capita ownership of cars. The Los Angeles region has made great improvements in our air qual-ity. In the last 15 years, the number of dirty air days has dropped by 38%. Still—we have the worst air quality in the nation. The American Lung Association ranks the Los Angeles re-gion as number one in the nation for ozone pollution and in the top five for particulate mat-ter pollution. 
This results in many health issues including 
higher numbers of children with asthma and significantly lung function problems in normal, healthy people. 
We do love our cars in Los Angeles, and 
the pollution from these cars is a key cause of our air quality problems. Los Angeles could drastically improve its air quality if more of those cars were plug in vehicles. However there are simply not enough charging stations available for this to be feasible. 
As an owner of an all-electric Nissan Leaf, 
I know all too well that there is a lack of charging stations. I have personally experi-enced range anxiety. There have been times when driving home I have had to turn off the lights, radio, and air conditioning to ensure that I can make it home because there were no charging stations nearby. Los Angeles is one of the largest consumers of elective vehi-cles in the country. But, I believe people would buy more electric vehicles if charging stations were readily available. 
Today, I am introducing the Electric Charg-
ing Advancement Reform Act to encourage more electric vehicles on our roads, which will result in clean air improvements and energy independence. This is an act integral to revo-lutionizing the accessibility of plug-in electric 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.025 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E438 March 26, 2015 
vehicles (PEVs) to potential drivers. My bill 
would reauthorize the electric vehicle re-charging property credit for full electric and fuel cell vehicles which will make available to both consumers and businesses a tax credit of up to $100,000 for the installation of charging stations. 
No one driving a gas-powered car has to 
worry about finding a gas station before they get to their destination. Let us make sure that charging stations are just as easily accessible and convenient as the gas stations that are at every major intersection in our cities and off our major freeways. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF TAX RETURN 
PREPARER ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I intro-
duced, along with my colleagues Reps. R OB-
ERT ‘‘BOBBY ’’ SCOTT , ELEANOR HOLMES NOR-
TON and C AROLYN MALONEY , H.R. 1609, the 
Tax Return Preparer Accountability Act, which would provide explicit authority for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to regulate tax return preparers. 
As we near April 15th, millions of taxpayers 
will pay someone to help them fill out their tax returns. Many of these tax preparers are hon-est and trustworthy. But, unfortunately, too many of them take advantage of their cus-tomers or help their customers engage in tax fraud themselves. 
In Memphis, my Congressional district, a 
company named Mo’ Money Taxes was caught charging taxpayers deceptive and out-rageous fees and cheating them out of their refunds. The company also helped some cus-tomers prepare fraudulent returns that claimed bogus deductions and cheated the public of needed tax revenue. Fortunately, the Depart-ment of Justice has shut down the tax pre-parer company but there are many businesses just like them cheating taxpayers and the gov-ernment alike. 
The IRS issued rules in 2011 regulating the 
tax return preparer industry by requiring them to register with the IRS and meet certain edu-cation and testing standards. However, a fed-eral court held that the IRS did not have the authority under existing law to issue these reg-ulations and they could not come into effect. 
That’s why I introduced the Tax Return Pre-
parer Accountability Act because it’s important that anyone who assists in filing federal taxes is sufficiently trained and maintain a certain level of professional conduct. 
I hope that Congress will quickly act on this 
bill to ensure that these dishonest business practices cannot continue, and protect the pocketbooks of middle-class families. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOSHUA NORTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Joshua Norton for being named a 2015 Forty Under 
40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Joshua has the determination and drive to 
be successful in anything he does, and his ex-emplary work as Vice President for Commer-cial Lending at West Bank is a testament to that. Joshua utilizes his abilities to connect people to move them towards a common goal not only in his professional life but also in his free time. Joshua spends his off time serving others on the Make-A-Wish Iowa board of di-rectors. Joshua’s outstanding work ethic and dedication to service, both professionally and personally, makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Joshua in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Joshua on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
THE 36TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, April 
10th of this year will mark the 36th anniver-sary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA). This important legislation has defined the relation-ship between our two countries and led to one of our most stable and reliable democratic alli-ances. 
Today, Taiwan is an important strategic 
partner, providing a first line of defense for our interests in the Pacific and deterring aggres-sion from countries in the region. This is why it is so important that we do what we can to support Taiwan’s military capabilities. 
Taiwan has also developed into an eco-
nomic powerhouse over the last three dec-ades. Its rapidly growing economy has allowed it to become one of the United States largest trading partners. In fact, Taiwan’s imports of American goods exceeded $36 billion in 2012, a number that continues to grow every year. Many Hoosiers take advantage of this robust trade relationship, helping to build Indiana’s economy and create good paying jobs. 
Since coming to Congress, I have had an 
opportunity to travel to Taiwan and to interact with many Taiwanese-Americans. I appreciate their friendship and hospitality. On its 36th an-niversary, I am pleased that the TRA con-tinues to guide U.S.-Taiwan relations so we can further strengthen this important partner-
ship. 
f 
HONORING MARY E. COLEMAN 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-
brate Black History Month this year, I am hon-ored to reflect on the everyday contributions African-Americans have made across the na-tion, and specifically within my district in The Bronx. It is with great admiration that I stand before you today to honor Ms. Mary E. Cole-man for her many years of tireless work to im-prove the lives of our community residents. 
Originally hailing from Mississippi, Ms. Cole-
man has had a decorated career as an admin-istrator in the worlds of finance and higher education. Ms. Coleman began her career as the Vice President of Finance and Administra-tion for a multi-corporate designer, manufac-turer, wholesaler and retailer of men’s and women’s apparel. Ms. Coleman went on to join the City University of New York (CUNY) as a Dean at Eugenio Maria de Hostos Com-munity College, served as Deputy Executive Director of American Field Service Intercultural Programs, Inc., a 55-nation student/teacher international exchange program. She subse-quently held a senior management position in Mitchell Titus, LLP, the largest minority-con-trolled certified public accounting and manage-ment consulting firm in the country. In each of her roles, it is clear that Ms. Coleman appre-ciated the value of investing resources in di-versity, and used her platforms to help others appreciate the value of diverse human capital. 
Returning to higher education, Ms. Coleman 
joined the Senior Staff at Stella and Charles Guttman Community College to serve as the Interim Vice President for Finance and Admin-istration. She is a dedicated and long-serving CUNY administrator. Most recently, she served for 17 years as the Vice President for Finance and Administration locally at Bronx Community College (BCC). Before working at BCC, Ms. Coleman served as the Dean of Ad-ministration and Finance at Hostos Community College, another strong Bronx institution. Through the support, leadership, and vision of Mary Coleman, Bronx Community College has grown into the remarkable institution it is today. She has made a career of ensuring that unprivileged individuals have access to life changing programs, and Ms. Coleman’s last-ing legacy will live on through each student whose life was improved on account of possi-bilities and opportunities made possible at Bronx Community College. 
Today, Ms. Coleman currently sits on the 
Executive Board of the National Council of Black American Affairs and the American As-sociation of Community College’s Global Com-mission on Global Education. I am proud to 
know that someone like Mary E. Coleman has given so much of herself to improving the lives of residents in our community, and I am con-fident that she will continue her important work. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and 
my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Ms. Mary E. Coleman for her ongo-ing commitment to improving the lives of oth-ers and her tireless efforts to uplift our com-munity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.030 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E439 March 26, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLAS JEFFRESS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Nicolas Jeffress attends Dawson High 
School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: In your opinion, why is it important to be in-volved in the political process? 
In 1776, we fought for our right to self-gov-
ern, and every day men and women give their lives to protect and defend those rights. But now we are facing a new threat to our independence, apathy. Every day people willingly give up their right to govern and wonder why their community is not reaching its potential. Just like in other parts of life though, building a great community takes work. 
During my sophomore year, many students 
felt the pressure of both rigorous course loads and class rank competition, and some resorted to cheating. This situation was complicated by the fact that the penalties for cheating were not consistently enforced and when they were enforced, they were light relative to the potential gain. As I talked to more students and teachers, I be-came concerned that Dawson had a culture of academic dishonesty, much like profes-sional cycling, where some felt cheating was necessary just to keep up. I could not let this be my school’s culture. 
I started working on how to address this 
problem by talking to other students. Al-though many were frustrated with the dis-honesty, they did not think anything could be done to fix it. Fortunately, thirty stu-dents did care! When we met, we talked not only about the problem but how we could change it. Over the next three weeks we de-veloped specific proposals around testing procedures, penalties and education. We took these proposals forward to our principal and even demonstrated how students were cheat-ing using tools like camera pens. We also spoke to the Pearland ISD school board about our work at Dawson and provided them the proposals as well. Although the early conversations were sometimes dif-ficult, we started to have an impact. 
Over the summer between my sophomore 
and junior year, Pearland ISD wrote a new honor code that went into place at both Dawson and Pearland High Schools. As I read through the honor code during packet pick-up, I could see many of our rec-ommendations almost verbatim. I thought of Yoda, ‘‘Do or do not. There is no try’’; I’m glad I decided to do. I got involved in my local community and changed my school. 
As I become an adult, the political process 
will allow me to become even more involved in my community. During my Dad’s school board campaign, I had the opportunity to meet many great public servants. We are so fortunate to have so many great people working hard on our community. However, with only 5% of people choosing to vote in 
local elections, I doubt we are reaching our full potential. We need more people willing to be involved, developing solutions to prob-lems, bringing new ideas. Communities form districts, which form states, which make up a nation; all political movements start at grass root local communities and cascade to the national government. I certainly intend to do my part to honor the sacrifices so many have made to build the country we have today. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO AMY OSTRANDER 
CROLL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Amy Ostrander Croll for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Amy has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that she does and her exem-plary work with Community Youth Concepts is a testament to that. As Executive Director, she is responsible for moving the organization for-ward—taking risks when necessary so that the goals of the organization can be achieved. In her free time Amy enjoys biking and serving others. She donates her time to the Urbandale Community Action Network and the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service. In all as-pects of her life, Amy is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Amy in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Amy on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE FRESNO HIGH SCHOOL SENATE CLUB 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in 
recognition of the Fresno High School Senate Club. Fresno High School was founded in 1889 as the City of Fresno’s first high school. 
The following year, the Fresno High School Senate was established on March 21, 1890. 
The Foundation of the Senate is modeled 
after the United States Senate, with each member representing a state in our Union. Ad-mission to the Fresno High School Senate re-quires a majority vote of the body for academi-cally qualified candidates who are sponsored by an active member of the club. Candidates are required to attend at least three club meet-ings and present a speech to complete the ap-plication process. Upon admission, a U.S. state is permanently assigned to the new sen-ator, who is then invited to declare a political party preference. The Fresno High School Senate is primarily a debate club and has the distinction of being the oldest continuously ac-tive high school club in the United States. 
The Senate is governed by both a Constitu-
tion and bylaws and it follows parliamentary procedure set by Robert’s Rules of Order. The organization instills knowledge of the law mak-ing process of our national government. Fur-thermore, the public speaking debate society 
addresses current issues of world, national, and community interest and concern. 
The Fresno High School Senate Club meets 
every week on the Fresno High School Cam-pus and is guided by a faculty member known as the ‘‘President of the United States.’’ Active Senators, in addition to being top academic achievers, also perform hundreds of hours of service to the greater Fresno community. 
Over many decades, the Senate has pro-
duced dozens of outstanding alumni known as, ‘‘Honorary Senators,’’ who achieved distin-guished careers in law, medicine, business, education, government, architecture, tech-nology, the military, and other notable occupa-tional fields. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Fresno High School Senate on the significant milestone of its 125th Anniver-sary as I extend my best wishes for the orga-nization’s continued success in shaping the lives of young students, creating model citi-zens and nurturing the studies of United States history and government. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN 
MOCKLER 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my col-
leagues in the California Democratic Congres-sional Delegation, Congressman P
ETE 
AGUILAR , Congresswoman K AREN BASS, Con-
gressman X AVIER BECERRA , Congressman A MI 
BERA, Congresswoman J ULIA BROWNLEY , Con-
gresswoman L OISCAPPS , Congressman T ONY 
CA´RDENAS , Congresswoman J UDY CHU, Con-
gresswoman S USAN DAVIS, Congressman 
MARK DESAULNIER , Congresswoman A NNA 
ESHOO , Congressman S AMFARR, Congress-
man J OHN GARAMENDI , Congresswoman J AN-
ICEHAHN, Congressman M IKEHONDA , Con-
gressman J ARED HUFFMAN , Congresswoman 
BARBARA LEE, Congressman T EDLIEU, Con-
gresswoman Z OE LOFGREN , Congressman 
ALAN LOWENTHAL , Congresswoman D ORIS 
MATSUI , Congressman J ERRY MCNERNEY , 
Congresswoman G RACE NAPOLITANO , Con-
gresswoman N ANCY PELOSI , Congressman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.035 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E440 March 26, 2015 
SCOTT PETERS , Congresswoman L UCILLE ROY-
BAL-ALLARD , Congressman R AUL RUIZ, Con-
gresswoman L INDA SA´NCHEZ , Congresswoman 
LORETTA SANCHEZ , Congressman A DAM 
SCHIFF , Congressman B RAD SHERMAN , Con-
gresswoman J ACKIE SPEIER , Congressman 
ERICSWALWELL , Congressman M ARKTAKANO , 
Congressman M IKE THOMPSON , Congress-
woman N ORMA TORRES , Congressman J UAN 
VARGAS , and Congresswoman M AXINE  
WATERS , to honor the extraordinary life of Mr. 
John Mockler, who passed away on March 3, 2015. Mockler was one of the most influential voices on California education policy for more than 40 years, where he advised hundreds of Democratic and Republican lawmakers on public school funding. His legacy of public service, and support for public education, will impact California’s public education system for many generations. 
Born on October 2, 1941 in Chicago and 
raised in Harbison Canyon near San Diego, Mockler was the son of William and Jane Mockler and had three sisters: Elsie, Lynn and Virginia. Mockler attended the University of San Francisco at 16, and subsequently grad-uated from University of California, Santa Bar-bara with a degree in Economics. A lifelong Democrat, Mockler cut his teeth in San Fran-cisco politics, where he became active in union politics and was the executive director of the Youth Against 14 campaign in 1964. Proposition 14 would have made it legal to discriminate against home buyers on the basis of race. 
Mockler is best known as the architect of 
Proposition 98, the 1988 initiative that estab-lished a minimum level of state financial sup-port for public schools at 40 percent of general fund spending. Proposition 98 remains a cen-tral feature in state budget negotiations for the past quarter century. His familiarity with the law made him an indispensible advisor to Governors Gray Davis and Jerry Brown as well as legislative leaders including former As-sembly Speaker Willie Brown, Mockler’s one- time boss. 
He is survived by his life partner Carol 
Farris, two children—Robert and Jessica, five grandchildren Willa, Clara, Sidney, Zachary and Auden, and countless friends and admir-ers. 
Today, the California Democratic Congres-
sional Delegation salutes and honors the life of Mr. John Mockler. Mockler will be remem-bered for his tenacious support for schools and teachers and his legacy is felt with the en-rollment of every kindergartner and the grad-uation of every senior class. We join all of Mockler’s loved ones in celebrating his incred-ible life. He will be deeply missed. 
f 
HONORING GLORIA COLEMAN 
DOTSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Gloria Coleman Dotson. 
Gloria Coleman Dotson grew up and lives in 
Claiborne County as the oldest of seven chil-dren of Curtis Coleman and Ethel Allen in the town Ulysses S. Grant said was ‘‘Too Beau-tiful to Burn.’’ She is a 1973 graduate of Port 
Gibson High School. She received her Bach-elor of Science Degree in Business Education from Jackson State University in 1977. 
After graduation, Ms. Dotson was employed 
by the Claiborne County Board of Supervisors in the Chancery Clerk’s Office. She worked under the supervision of two Chancery Clerks: Mrs. Stella Jennings-Greenwood and Mr. Frank Wilson. She worked in the Chancery Clerk’s Office for twenty-five years as Deputy Chancery Clerk prior to being elected Chan-cery Clerk in 2000. She is currently serving her fourth term as Chancery Clerk. 
Ms. Dotson is a member of First Christian 
Disciples of Christ Church, a choir member and Sunday School Treasurer. She is involved in several civic organizations including: Port Gibson Main Street, MS Cultural Crossroad Gloria Board of Directors, Mississippi Delta Strategic Compact, a member of NAACP and the Chancery Clerk’s Association. 
Ms. Dotson has been married to Joe 
Dotson, Jr. for twenty-two years. They are the proud parents of three children: JaBari, JaNetra, and JoKevy. They have an eleven year old granddaughter, KaMeryal and a one year old grandson, KaMari. 
The title ‘‘Chancery Clerk’’ does not ade-
quately describe the various duties and re-sponsibilities that Ms. Dotson has attendant to in the office. The Chancery Clerk’s Office has a multitude of duties and functions which are governed by an assortment of statutes and court rules, along with following guidelines es-tablished either by the State Department of Audit or the Department of Finance and Ad-ministration. The Chancery Clerk’s position is a four year elected term. 
Ms. Dotson often states, ‘‘I thank God for al-
lowing me to serve as a Public Official. I love my job. When I’m not serving my constituents, I spend time with my family and friends, work in the yard and reading.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Gloria Coleman Dotson for her dedication and support to the Claiborne Coun-ty Community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CITY OF 
PORTSMOUTH ON THEIR BICEN-TENNIAL 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the City of Portsmouth on their bicentennial anniversary and celebration. 
For 200 years, Portsmouth has stood proud-
ly along the Ohio River, a gateway to the re-gion and a testament to the work ethic of Southern Ohioans. 
Since incorporation in 1815, Portsmouth has 
been an industrial power house. A leader throughout the years in the rail, steel, and no-tably shoe wear industries, the people of Portsmouth know the value and pride from a hard day’s work. They were the backbone of America’s industrial boon. 
Today, Portsmouth stands firmly with one 
foot rooted in our shared history and one foot striding into the 21st Century. The well-known flood walls are a towering testament to the storied history of the region and its people, which include panels of the Hopewell culture, 
the NFL charter team Portsmouth Spartans, and a litany of community leaders throughout the city’s history. Famous sons include Roy Rogers and Branch Rickey. 
The city is home to Shawnee State Univer-
sity, hosts thousands of cyclists for the Tour of the Scioto River Valley, and celebrates annu-ally at the River Days festival. 
I am honored to represent Portsmouth 
today, an area of the state with such a rich history and strong community. Again, I con-gratulate Portsmouth on this historic mile-stone, and I wish the city the very best over their next 200 years. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BEN NELSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Ben Nel-son for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Ben has the determination and talent to be 
successful in all that he does and his work with Pivot Wealth Strategies LLC is a testa-ment to that commitment. As the President and Cofounder of Pivot Wealth Strategies, Ben is able to pursue a personal passion of his in his professional life. He maintains an ac-tive schedule outside work, volunteering and supporting the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation of Iowa. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ben in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ben on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT WARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.038 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E441 March 26, 2015 
great nation. They provide important insight 
into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Robert Ward attends Dawson High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion why is it important to be involved in the political process? 
Founding fathers like George Washington, 
Samuel Addams, Thomas Paine, and Ben-jamin Franklin were willing to deny the most powerful nation, navy, and army (The British) in the 1770s. Why? They were tired of abuse and fatly representation that was given to the New England colonies as they argued for fair and equal representation in the British parliament. ‘‘No taxation with-out representation’’ was declared by John Hampden when asked to pay for a shipping tax to the British parliament. He argued that he shouldn’t have to pay any takes to the British government when he wasn’t event represented in their parliament. The founding fathers noticed and followed suit, declaring independence for America in 1776 after the British government had refused to give equal representation for the colonies. The American Revolution took the lives of 50,000 along with thousands of French and In-dian soldiers who fought for the America’s ideals. America won the war with Washing-ton’s determination, Indian guidance, and new guerrilla warfare. Why was such a con-flict pursued? The right to be represented and participate in the political process was why. 
Thousands have died and still due to this 
day to protect every citizen’s right to be in-volved in the political process. The ability to be involved gives every citizen in the coun-try their ‘‘bite’’. It is the easiest way to make an impact on government and the na-tion short of being in the government admin-istration. By simply participating: voting, suggesting legislation, and being involved in organizations like the congressional youth advisory council everyone can have a voice, a privilege that has been fought dearly for, and that few posses. It is crucial for those who want to have an impact to be a part of the political process. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
IMPORTANT WORK OF KA VOICE 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am excited today 
to recognize the very important work of KA Voice. KA Voice is working tirelessly to enfran-chise and empower the more than 67,000 eth-nic Koreans residing in Illinois. Through voter registration efforts, community forums, de-bates, and policy engagement, this non-par-tisan group is working to give Korean-Ameri-cans a strong voice in Washington, D.C., statehouses, and in local governments. 
I have long made it a priority to work with 
our local Korean-American community to en-sure that they have a strong voice in Con-gress. KA Voice has made it easier for me to hear and act on of the community’s priorities. Whether it is on the issue of immigration re-form, a stronger economy or better relations with South Korea, KA Voice has helped me set an agenda in Congress that is moving our 
country forward. 
This Saturday, March 28, KA Voice will hold 
its second annual national conference in Northbrook, Illinois. The conference will focus on civic engagement, which is at the heart of our democracy. I want to personally thank KA Voice President Charlie Jong Jung and his team of young leaders for bringing this impor-tant conference to Illinois and for their efforts in building a national organization or Korean- Americans. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LAKE 
OCONEE ACADEMY SCHOOL 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in order to pay tribute to Lake Oconee Academy: a charter school based in Greensboro, Georgia, that was named one of the U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon Schools in 2014 and was named one of the best 50 elementary schools in the United States. 
Today, I want to commend Lake Oconee 
Academy and its vision for educational excel-lence and community involvement. Mr. Speak-er, as you know, the National Blue Ribbon Award is given to the schools based on their overall academic excellence or their progress in closing achievement gaps among student subgroups. In my opinion, the Lake Oconee Academy is more than just a scholastic entity. It is a place of opportunity and hope. 
Far from being a stopping point where stu-
dents survive until a better opportunity avails itself, the academy is a place where character and responsibility is held in high regard and taught daily. Students are taught the values they need to go on and succeed in life. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I con-
gratulate Lake Oconee Academy on all of its many accolades and congratulate the stu-dents, and staff for all their fantastic endeav-ors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF AL 
ROTH 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the life of a leader in our South Florida community, Mr. Al Roth. 
It is with a heavy heart that I learned of his 
passing and I join other Floridians in mourning his death. Mr. Roth was a longtime Florida cit-rus farmer, hotelier, grocer and pioneer of both Broward County and the Town of Davie, which is located in the heart of Florida’s 23rd District. His life is now part of the fabric of our South Florida history and he will be long re-membered. 
As Al’s son Bob, of Bob Roth’s New River 
Groves, said, ‘‘He was an icon, a machine. He just didn’t give up. He was like three people. Nobody worked like him . . . He would set up a display and come back the next day and change it. He said you have to let people 
know things are changing.’’ 
For as much as things changed throughout 
the decades, some things always remained the same, like Al’s friendly smile, his kindness and his generosity. 
His personality was larger than life, and al-
ways reflected the wonderful man that he was. And I know firsthand that he always made his customers and my constituents feel welcomed, happy and valued. He genuinely cared for all those around him, whether family, a customer or a passerby. 
At 104 years young, Al was a mainstay of 
our South Florida landscape. Although Al is no longer with us, his legacy lives on in his family and the institutions he helped found for all who live in and visit Florida. I hope they will long serve as a tribute to him and the indelible mark he left on our community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION FOR THE ROBIN 
DANIELSON FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCT SAFETY ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, as a long-time advocate of wom-en’s health, I am proud to reintroduce legisla-tion that would address unanswered health concerns regarding the safety of feminine hy-giene products through the Robin Danielson Feminine Hygiene Product Safety Act. 
American women spend well over $2 billion 
per year on feminine hygiene products and the average woman will use over 16,800 tampons and pads over the course of her lifetime. Yet, despite this large investment and high usage, there has been limited research on the poten-tial health risks these products may pose to women. 
Recent independent studies led by women’s 
health organizations have shown that some feminine hygiene products could contain addi-tives that may be harmful to a woman’s health. While the FDA requires tampon manu-facturers to monitor dioxin levels, this informa-tion is not made readily available to the public and much is still unknown about the cumu-lative adverse effects potentially posed by other components contained in these prod-ucts. American women deserve the ability to make informed decisions when purchasing products that could affect their health. 
It is time to move past menstrual health 
being taboo and ensure that accurate informa-tion with regards to women’s health is being collected and is readily accessible. That is why I am reintroducing the Robin Danielson Feminine Hygiene Product Safety Act which directs the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to research whether the presence of dioxin, synthetic fibers, and other chemical additives like chlorine and fragrances pose any health risks to women who use feminine hygiene products. This bill emphasizes the need for more research and an understanding of addi-tives in all feminine hygiene products. 
I urge my colleagues to pass this important 
legislation that directs substantial, scientific re-search to be conducted in order to best pro-tect the health of America’s women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.042 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E442 March 26, 2015 
COMMENDING THE CITIZENS’ COM-
MISSION TO INVESTIGATE THE FBI 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to 
recognize the efforts of eight individuals whose actions in 1971 helped uncover the ille-gal actions by some working on behalf of our own government to suppress the civil rights of many of our citizens. These eight individuals were members of a group who called them-selves the Citizens’ Commission to Investigate the FBI (the ‘‘Citizens’ Commission’’). The Citi-zens’ Commission was responsible for obtain-ing documents from the Media, Pennsylvania office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation that helped prompt the national debate about the intelligence community’s domestic surveil-lance programs. The ensuing discussion ulti-mately led to the first congressional investiga-tions of all intelligence agencies and to the es-tablishment of the first congressional intel-ligence oversight committees. 
We know the names of six of these individ-
uals: William C. Davidon, Keith Forsyth, Bonnie Raines, John C. Raines, Robert Williamson, and Judi Feingold. Two members of the Citizens’ Commission whose actions are equally commendable and contributed just as significantly to the cause and legacy of the Citizens’ Commission have chosen to remain in anonymity. 
On the evening of March 8, 1971, the mem-
bers of the Citizens’ Commission entered the satellite office of the FBI in Media, Pennsyl-vania, and left having taken nearly all of the documents they found within the office. In the following months, the members of the Citizens’ Commission repeatedly mailed to reporters at several news publications documents detailing the contours of our intelligence agencies’ pro-grams that spied on American citizens and the vast length to which our civil rights had been violated for decades in the name of J. Edgar Hoover’s desire to quell political dissent. These programs included COINTELPRO, or Counter Intelligence Program, a series of cov-ert and often illegal programs conducted by the FBI targeted at disrupting domestic polit-ical organizations. It has been said that the in-tent of COINTELPRO was to accomplish its goals by destroying lives and ruining reputa-tions. 
The revelations made by the Citizens’ Com-
mission sparked a national debate concerning these programs as well as the importance of civil and privacy rights to all Americans. The news reports generated by the documents that had been made public helped form the basis for creation of the congressional committees that investigated intelligence agencies in 1975. Hearings held by the Senate committee, known as the Church Committee for its chair-man, the late Senator Frank Church of Idaho, revealed the wide scope and impact of J. Edgar Hoover’s FBI on American life through-out his nearly half century as director of the Bureau. Testimony before the committee re-vealed that he had secretly used his power to destroy individuals and organizations whose opinions and purposes he disliked. He secretly punished civil rights and antiwar activists and also average Americans who expressed their dissent in letters to newspapers or by partici-
pating in demonstrations. In the Bureau’s har-assment operations—as opposed to law en-forcement or intelligence gathering—officials of the FBI secretly operated as prosecutor, judge and jury against people Hoover regarded as subversive. Thousands of people in govern-ment and education lost their jobs as a result of unverified files created by FBI informers that were used against people who were not permitted to face their accusers. 
From the beginning of the Vietnam war, 
Hoover made himself the watchdog of dissent against the war—dissent by average Ameri-cans as well as Members of Congress who questioned war policy. In August 1964, when only two senators, Senator Ernest Gruening, Democrat from Alaska, and Senator Wayne Morse, Democrat from Oregon, opposed the Vietnam War authorization legislation—known as the Gulf of Tonkin resolution—the FBI di-rector regarded their votes as subversive. Agents collected the names, and started files on people who sent telegrams to Senator Morse expressing support for his stand against the authorization bill. Two years after the resolution was passed, when Senator J. William Fullbright, Democrat from Arkansas, convened hearings to assess the progress of the war, Hoover placed Fullbright under sur-veillance to determine if he was a communist or dupe of communists. 
The Church Committee’s extensive final re-
port stated: 
‘‘Many of the techniques used would be in-
tolerable in a democratic society even if all the targets had been involved in violent activity, but COINTELPRO went far beyond that. The unexpressed major premise of the programs was that a law enforcement agency has the duty to do whatever is necessary to combat perceived threats to the existing social and po-litical order.’’ 
The Church Committee further concluded, 
‘‘Too many people have been spied upon by too many government agencies, and too much information has been collected.’’ 
As a result of the actions of the Citizens’ 
Commission, the resulting national discussion about these issues led to important changes to our government’s domestic surveillance op-erations. The FBI’s policies and practices were evaluated and reformed with respect to how the agency addressed domestic security threats, and the Department of Justice insti-tuted investigative guidelines on domestic in-telligence gathering. 
Because of the important contribution the 
Citizens’ Commission made to the public awareness and debate concerning domestic surveillance, national security, civil rights, and privacy, these eight individuals deserve our recognition as some of them have recently made their identity known. The identities of six of them and the impact of their non-violent act of resistance recently became known in the documentary film 1971, directed by Johanna Hamilton, and in the book The Burglary: The Discovery of J. Edgar Hoover’s Secret FBI, written by Betty Medsger. 
While we continue to discuss the proper use 
of domestic surveillance techniques today, particularly as technology evolves in ways that could not have been foreseen during the 1970s, we must remain vigilant to abuses of power, even if done with the stated goal of protecting the public. May we strengthen our resolve to protect the rights these individuals cherished and helped preserve over forty 
years ago. 
f 
HONORING AUSTIN HERNANDEZ 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Austin Hernandez attends Foster High 
School in Richmond, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
THE STEPPING STONE TO DESIGNER BABIES . 
Imagine a world in which a couple could 
choose the gender of their baby. There would be no more suspense about the baby’s gender. Before conception, people would know and would be able to give themselves adequate time to prepare for the arrival of their new bundle of joy. Well, this is a process that ac-tually exists; it’s called gender selection. On May 31st, 2012 The U.S. House of Representa-tives voted on whether or not to pass a na-tional Ban on the use of abortion to elimi-nate an unborn child because of an undesired sex. This fast track procedure was not passed, but still has hope. If it were passed then the gender selection could be promoted and this reoccurring problem would not exist. Over the Past decade Gender selection has become a common practice used by many couples around the world. 
The world today is not perfect, and neither 
are its people. Heart disease, cancer, Alz-heimer’s, and many other diseases run ramped in children, and one can’t really pre-vent it. But what if it were preventable? With gender selection, this is possible. Ac-cording to the Center for Human Reproduc-tion (CHR), ‘‘In some cases, the so-called ‘‘sex-linked diseases’’ are inherited via the mother but only male offspring are affected (muscular dystrophy, hemophilia, etc.).’’ For example, because hemophilia only affects males, a woman with hemophilia has the dis-ease but it does not affect her. However if she were to become pregnant with a boy, the disease would then affect him. With gender selection she would be able to save her baby boy from a life of problems. This process has led to fewer abortions and increased the health of children, which in turn could vir-tually increase the life expectancy of the U.S. 
There are not only health reasons, but also 
psychological reasons for gender selection. The CHR states that ‘‘a single female may feel better equipped having a daughter than a son; parents who lost a child may feel a strong need for a child of the same gender.’’ If one were a single parent, wouldn’t they feel better with a child of the same gender? They also claim that parent’s whose children have passed away, may have the desire for another child of the same gender. In fact, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.047 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E443 March 26, 2015 
many parents are deciding upon this option 
as a way to help them move on and assist with the grieving process. 
Another negative effect of gender selection 
is the opening of new doors and new possi-bilities when choosing a gender. How far could it go? Maybe as far as choosing hair color, eye color, intelligence, height, and ability, who knows? People will do anything for perfection. This is basically ‘‘commodifying children’’, says Gender Se-lection of Babies, and this could lead to a whole revolution in baby making. People wouldn’t be unique anymore; the natural process of development would become obso-lete. The unforeseen repercussions of gender selection could further harm society. 
Gender selection, although it can be help-
ful, has more negative effects than positive and should not be a decision made lightly. Gender Selection has made the country think having a baby in a different way. Now for many having a child could turn into some sort of shopping spree for the newest and best item/baby. However, this process has helped Americans and many others around the world choose the sex they want. Not only has it also allowed families, who didn’t be-lieve it was possible, to have children but it has also has given them the choice to save a life and chose what they want. Gender selec-tion has changed America, and will continue to help stop the abortion of unwanted chil-dren. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MANDI 
MCREYNOLDS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Mandi McReynolds for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Mandi has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that she does, and her exem-plary work with Drake University is a testa-ment to that. As the Director of Community Engagement and Service Learning, Mandi is passionate about going the extra mile. In all aspects of her life Mandi’s example of hard work and service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Mandi in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Mandi on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. HONORING MR. DONALD GREEN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Donald Green. 
A Coahoma County native, Donald Green is 
a dedicated and seemingly tireless community leader and business owner who has com-mitted his career to creating economic and educational opportunities for farmworkers and families in the Mississippi Delta. 
As Executive Director of Mississippi Delta 
Council for Farm Worker Opportunities, Inc., Mr. Green leads a staff of 22 providing job training and placement services to thousands of individuals every year. His organization also hosts a monthly food distribution and offers a civilian relief distribution staging area following weather emergencies and disasters. Currently, his team is transforming an existing ware-house and property into a farmers market, commercial kitchen, produce aggregation and food hub to raise incomes for dozens of lim-ited-resource and beginning farmers. Prior to becoming the organization’s chief executive, he was its Chief Financial Officer for 21 years. 
He served as one of three Associate Tax 
Commissioners for the State of Mississippi and is the second African American in the State of Mississippi to do so. An accountant, Mr. Green also owns and operates an inde-pendent accounting service business. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Green has been 
an ambassador between working people and local businesses. His board service includes: Clarksdale/Coahoma County Chamber of Commerce; member of National Exchange Club; member of Clarksdale Industrial Founda-tion; member of Coahoma Community Devel-opment Organization; and member of Clarks-dale/Coahoma County Airport Board. He has served as a State Treasurer of the Magnolia Council; Vice President of The Delta Council; member, Delta State Alumni University Asso-ciation; former President of National Alumni Association; Founder and former President for Mississippi Delta Strategic Compact; Treas-urer for Mississippi Blues Foundation; former President of Friendship Community Federal Credit Union. He was recognized in 2004 as Delta Regional Minority Businessman of the Year, inducted into the Delta State University Alumni Hall of Fame in 2009, and received the Freedom Team Appreciation Certificate for Services to Members of the Armed Forces. He is a member of the Clarksdale Rotary Club. 
Committed to making higher education more 
accessible, Mr. Green became president of Delta State National Alumni Association in 1995 and led a five million dollar capital cam-paign. That funding has more than doubled in the years since and has a significant endow-ment. He has served on the university’s foun-dation board. In 2001, he was appointed to a six-year term on the Mississippi State Board of Community and Junior Colleges. He is co- Founder and President of the Ronald Hoss Bennett Foundation, which awards college scholarships to football players from local high schools. 
He is known to be a steady, hardworking 
leader in efforts to increase understanding and build relationships in social and economic di-versity. Mr. Green helped negotiate the part-
nership between Delta State University and Coahoma Community College to purchase the Cutrer Mansion, which has evolved into a con-tinuing education center for history, culture, and the arts. In 2014, he worked with the City of Clarksdale officials, business owners, and community activists to honor the life and work of civil rights leader Aaron Henry with a histor-ical marker on the Mississippi Freedom Trail. He has served on the board of Clarksdale- Coahoma County Library and supports the Delta Blues Museum. 
The son of sharecroppers Mr. Sylvester and 
Aree Green, Mr. Green grew up operating farm equipment in Coahoma County, Mis-sissippi. A graduate of Coahoma Agriculture High School, he earned college degrees from Coahoma Community College and Delta State University. Mr. Green is the first African Amer-ican to serve as President of Delta State Uni-versity National Alumni Association. 
He and his wife, Nelia, have two sons: Don-
ald, Jr., a biomedical engineer living in Ann Arbor, Michigan; and Adam, a high school stu-dent, who participated in Youth Leadership Clarksdale and who is currently a freshman at Delta State University majoring in commercial design. 
Mr. Green is Chairman of the Deacon Board 
and Chairman of the Building Fund at New Hope Missionary Baptist Church in Jonestown, Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing Entrepreneur and Economic Developer that has been instru-mental in magnifying strides of America’s black history. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRAD ROBBINS 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Corona and Riverside County at large are exceptional. Corona has been fortunate to have dynamic and dedicated community lead-ers who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent to make their communities a better place to live and work. Brad Robbins is one of these individuals. On April 15, 2015, Brad will be honored for his dedicated service as he ends his tenure as the City of Corona’s City Manager. 
Brad has worked on behalf of the City of 
Corona since 1988 and has established him-self as a highly regarded leader and active member of the community. Throughout his twenty-eight years of service with the City of Corona, Brad has held a variety of titles in-cluding the Department of Water and Power General Manager, Assistant City Manager- Community Development Director, Director of Planning and Assistant City Manager. Due to his success in all of these roles, Brad was then appointed as City Manager in August of 2008. Acting as such, Brad enforced the city ordinances and carried out the policies of the Council through the control and direction of City Departments. During the past seven years, not only did Brad productively navigate the economic recession and the impact on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.048 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E444 March 26, 2015 
City of Corona, but he also encouraged the 
community to continue to thrive and grow as a leader in Southern California. Numerous Co-rona City Council members have extensively commended Brad for accomplishing so much during his time as City Manager, most espe-cially because he is such an exceptional per-son to work with. 
In light of all Brad Robbins has done for the 
community of Corona, I wish him the best as he embarks on his retirement. Brad’s tireless passion for the community has contributed im-mensely to the betterment of Corona, Cali-fornia. I am proud to call Brad a fellow com-munity member, American and friend. I know that many community members are grateful for his service and salute him as he ends his time as City Manager for the City of Corona. 
f 
HONORING KENNETH J. KNUCKLES 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I rise during this month, dedi-cated to the celebration of African-Americans who have made great contributions to our na-tion, to pay tribute to Mr. Kenneth J. Knuckles. I stand before you today to honor Mr. Kenneth J. Knuckles for his many years of compas-sionate public service and tireless work to im-prove the lives of our community residents. 
Since January of 2003, Mr. Knuckles has 
served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone Development Corporation (UMEZ), which is the largest of the group of nine origi-nal empowerment zones, when counting des-ignated areas in The Bronx. The initial federal investment of $100 million into UMEZ was matched by both the New York State and New York City governments, creating the largest capitalized empowerment zone in the United States. With the mission to reinvigorate dis-tressed communities by utilizing tax incentives and public financing to attract private invest-ment, UMEZ has done that and more. Since 1996, UMEZ has invested more than $230 million in the economy of Upper Manhattan, $140 million of which has occurred under Mr. Knuckles’ leadership, leveraged over $1 billion in private capital, and created nearly 9,000 jobs. Kenneth Knuckles has led UMEZ through resounding success over the course of the last decade, and it is his deep under-standing for the critical need for true economic empowerment and invigoration that makes him such an outstanding leader. 
Mr. Knuckles is a prominent business and 
civic leader from The Bronx who has distin-guished himself over the past two decades as an attorney, and has pursued an extraordinary career as a public servant. The list of his posi-tions is long and distinguished. From 1987 to 1990 Mr. Knuckles served as Deputy Borough President of The Bronx, from 1990 to 1993 he served as Commissioner of the New York City Department of General Services, he once served as Assistant Housing Commissioner, and today he sits as a member of the New York City Planning Commission. 
Mr. Kenneth Knuckles is a Bronx native who 
has dedicated himself to fostering the eco-nomic and civic revitalization of families and individuals throughout New York. There are 
countless government agencies, business owners, and families who have benefitted from Mr. Knuckles’ extensive commitment to ensur-ing that economic vitality and equality are widespread ideals that are transformed into re-alities. Through his countless achievements and truly selfless service, I am proud to call Mr. Kenneth Knuckles a fellow public servant, and look forward to the great work he will con-tinue to do for the individuals of our commu-nity. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and 
my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Mr. Knuckles for his consistently re-markable dedication to public service and longstanding commitment to improving the lives of New York’s residents. 
f 
REINTRODUCING THE NATIONAL 
WOMEN’S RIGHTS HISTORY PROJECT ACT 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Na-tional Women’s Rights History Project Act, along with my upstate New York colleagues Representatives R
ICHARD HANNA , P AUL 
TONKO , JOHN KATKO and T OMREED. I origi-
nally worked with then-Senator Hillary Clinton to pass this bill into law in 2009, but it has not received appropriations since that time. The authorization for the project has expired, and it is vital that Congress pass this reauthoriza-tion and ensure that the women who shaped our nation’s history and fought for every wom-an’s rights are remembered and honored for generations to come. 
The National Women’s Rights History 
Project will establish an auto route linking sites significant to the struggle for women’s suf-frage, known as the Votes for Women Trail. It will also add to the National Register of ‘‘Places Where Women Made History,’’ a vari-ety of historic sites that were home to pivotal moments in our nation’s struggle for gender equality. Finally, this Project will establish a public-private partnership network to offer fi-nancial and technical assistance for edu-cational programs about the history of the fight for women’s rights. 
It is fitting that we reintroduce this bill during 
March, which is Women’s History Month. I am especially proud that it was in Rochester, New York where Susan B. Anthony fought so hard for the rights that women throughout this country rely on today. Among her many ef-forts, Susan B. Anthony established the Equal Rights Association to refute ideas that women were inferior to men and to fight for women’s right to vote. She also fought to tear down the walls holding women back from higher edu-cation. 
In 1848, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucretia 
Mott, and Mary Ann M’Clintock convened the first women’s rights convention at Wesleyan Chapel in Seneca Falls, New York. This event marked the beginning of a 72-year struggle for women’s suffrage. During the convention, 68 women and 32 men signed the Declaration of Sentiments, which set out radical notions such as women’s freedom to own property, receive an education and earn fair wages. In 1880, a woman launched a brave petition 
to be the first female student at the University of Rochester. For almost twenty years, the pe-tition was flatly denied—until 1898, when the University said that women would be allowed if they raised $100,000 for the school. In to-day’s terms, that is equal to $2 million. By June of 1900 a group of women had managed to secure $40,000, and the University decided that women would be allowed to enroll if they could raise another $10,000 by September. Scrambling to reach the new goal, the women were $8,000 short a day before the deadline. With hours remaining, Susan B. Anthony stepped forward and raised $6,000 from friends and family before pledging her own life insurance policy to raise the final $2,000 and throw open the doors of higher education in Rochester. Now, more than 100 years later, the University of Rochester is home to the Susan B. Anthony Institute for Gender and Women’s Studies—one of the pre-eminent educational institutions in the world. 
These are the stories of incredible courage, 
dedication, and unyielding belief in equality that the National Women’s Rights History Project is designed to honor. The fight for women’s rights and equality still continues today. It was just 93 years ago that women were finally granted the right to vote. The struggle for women’s suffrage was never easy and it is vital that we honor the sacrifices and commitment of those who blazed the trail that led us here today, where a record number of women serve in the 114th Congress. 
Reauthorizing the National Women’s Rights 
History Project Act will ensure that this impor-tant civil rights story is celebrated for genera-tions to come. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and reauthorize the National Women’s Rights History Project. 
f 
HONORING THE STEVENSON HIGH 
SCHOOL MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to 
recognize the Stevenson High School men’s basketball team for their Illinois state cham-pionship title, becoming the first Lake County high school to win a Class 4A state champion-ship title in men’s basketball. 
I want to personally recognize the players 
on the team: Connor Cashaw, Cameron Green, Justin Smith, Parker Nichols, Joshua McMullen, Ryan Rosenbaum, Matt Johnson, Ryuji Aoki, Jalen Brunson, Radek Gralak, Benjamin Rodheim, Jordan Newman, Jordan Hodes, Raymond Sullivan, Kevin Yang, and Nick Dillon. 
I also want to recognize Head coach Pat 
Ambrose; Assistant Coach John Taylor; Volun-teer Coaches Kevin Stineman and Paul Swan; and Managers Deborah Blount, Jack Greeley, Nathan Halterman and Matthew Solway. 
This accomplishment speaks volumes to the 
players’ dedication, hard work, and persever-ance. Stevenson High School’s win, however, is not just a victory for the players and the school; it is a victory for our entire community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.051 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E445 March 26, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHABOT COL-
LEGE WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I recognize and congratulate the Chabot College women’s basketball team on a re-markable championship run that ended with the Gladiators bringing home the first place trophy for the California Community College Athletic Association women’s state basketball championship. 
On Sunday, March 22, the Gladiators of 
Chabot gave Mt. San Antonio College their first loss of the year in the championship game. This was the Gladiator’s first state championship, but we know that it will not be their last. Prior to this year, Mt. San Antonio had won six of the last ten state champion-ships. 
I am proud of the Gladiators for bringing the 
trophy home to Hayward and Northern Cali-fornia. Since 1998 only one other Northern Californian team has won the championship. 
The Gladiators showed grit, determination, 
and focus in their narrow victory over a tough Mt. San Antonio team. A late three pointer put the Gladiators on top and free throws down the stretch sealed the deal. 
Head Coach Mark Anger and his staff have 
led a truly exemplary group of student athletes for the entirety of the season, finishing with 31 wins and only four loses, and clinching Chabot College’s first Coast Conference North Cham-pionship in 13 years. 
I want to give special recognition to stand 
out players Morgan Green, who received the State Player of the Year, the MVP Final Four, and the MVP Coast Conference North awards; Alana Simon, who was first team All State, All Tournament Final Four, and fist team All Con-ference; and Michelle Townsend, who was third team All State, All Tournament Final Four, and first team All Conference. 
I wish the best of luck to all of the players 
and coaching staff of the Chabot College Gladiators. 
Go Gladiators! 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, during the 
rollcall votes on Wednesday, March 25, 2015, I was absent after returning to El Paso to meet with representatives from the U.S. Army who are conducting the Supplemental Pro-grammatic Environmental Assessment (SPEA). The SPEA is a formal review of our country’s military installations in preparation for a reduction in force that will take the Army from 470,000 active duty soldiers to 420,000 by the end of the decade. 
Had I been present, on rollcall number 136, 
I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On rollcall number 137, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ 
On rollcall number 138, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ On rollcall number 139, I would have voted 
‘‘yes.’’ 
On rollcall number 140, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ 
On rollcall number 141, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ 
On rollcall number 142, I would have voted 
‘‘no.’’ 
f 
HONORING TRINNIE ‘PITO PITO’ 
BACA 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pride to honor Trinnie ‘Pito Pito’ Baca, a living institution and tireless community leader in Belen, New Mexico. 
When Pito Pito was three or four years old, 
he was unexpectedly bitten by thousands of red ants, resulting in convulsions and long-standing health complications. His family has lovingly cared for him ever since, and Pito Pito has shared his own love and compassion with friends and neighbors in Belen for more than 60 years. 
In 2013, the City of Belen officially des-
ignated December 16 ‘‘Trinnie Baca Day’’ and Pito Pito received a key to the city in recogni-tion of his lasting contributions. Residents will tell you that no gesture is too small for Pito Pito to demonstrate his heartfelt appreciation for his beloved community. 
Famously known for dropping by local busi-
nesses to help sweep the entrance, shaking a stranger’s hand, enthusiastically signaling mo-torists to honk their horns, and attending com-munity events and funerals, Pito Pito’s pres-ence is felt in the community. He can always be found with a helping hand and guiding heart. Through his acts of love and kindness, Pito Pito demonstrates the profound impact one individual can have on an entire commu-nity. 
I join family, friends, and everyone who has 
met Pito Pito in celebrating his birthday. Our state is richer and fuller because Pito Pito teaches and reminds us to love more, to be selfless, and to always remember that it is the people around us who make life worth living. 
f 
HONORING MADISON BRASUELL 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. Madison Brasuell attends Foster High 
School in Richmond, Texas. The essay topic is: In your opinion, what role should govern-ment play in our lives? 
The role that our government should play 
in our lives is a question being prodded back and forth between Congressmen and women since the creation of our nation. The answer is subjective, of course, because it is impos-sible to make 320 million people happy with the system by which our government is ran. The efficacy of our current system, however, is questionable at times and I believe that the government should play a minuet role in 
our lives. 
I should start by noting that we are lucky 
to live in a country that gives us so much freedom in our daily lives. We are given, in my opinion, the most important facet any-one could ask for: the freedom of speech. With this amendment, we have the liberty to tell our government how we really feel and not fear the consequences for voicing our ex-pressions. Though more often than not our government hears our desires and doesn’t do anything about it. They promise to mini-mally interfere with our lives but then set new regulations on sectors that directly im-pact our lives and wind up hurting us in the end. It is unacceptable for a government to not genuinely care for its people. 
I would ideally choose to live in an envi-
ronment where there is a strong state gov-ernment with little national government intervention. The national government’s only job should be to provide a system de-fense, build and maintain highway systems and infrastructure, provide police enforce-ment, and keep peaceful trade facilitated with other countries. I feel that the govern-ment should have no control on our healthcare system, other than impose strict regulations, such as the certification of med-ical professionals and sanitation laws. I also believe that the government has no business interfering with our money except the pro-tection against monopolies and the strict in-vestment regulations. Other than that, I would say making the national government stronger would be detrimental to our nation. 
My utopian government has flaws, as does 
every plan, but many Americans would agree on making the national government weaker. This would give Americans more freedom of choice because they would have more control over their lives and not have a ‘‘government shadow’’ tracking their every move. By hav-ing a government focus primarily on its safe-ty of their people, they can focus less on try-ing to satisfy each individual and more on satisfying the nation as a whole. 
f 
225TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
PATENT ACT 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on April 10, 
2015 the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office will recognize the 225th anniversary of the first U.S. Patent Act. 
When President Washington signed the bill 
that laid the foundation for our patent system, even he could not have foreseen the revolu-tion in technology that was yet to come. Dur-ing these past two centuries America has been at the forefront of innovation, from the in-dustrial revolution to the telegraph and tele-phone, to modern computers and the Internet, to a whole new era of mobile computing and personal devices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.055 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E446 March 26, 2015 
American inventors have led the world for 
centuries in new innovations, from Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Edison to the Wright brothers and Henry Ford. But if we want to continue as leaders in the global economy, we must continue to encourage the innovators of today to develop the technologies of tomor-row. 
The fuel that powers the innovative engine 
that is America is its people. But the rules of the road require regular adjustment, and dur-ing the last two hundred years we have seen our patent laws updated and modernized. The most significant reforms took place in 1836, 1952 and most recently in 2011 with the America Invents Act. 
Currently, we are continuing these efforts by 
addressing specific issues concerning abusive patent litigation with the Innovation Act (H.R. 9). This bill puts forward reasonable policies that allow for more transparency and brings fundamental fairness into the patent system and the courts. This bill holds true to the Con-stitution, our Founders and our promise to fu-ture generations that America will continue to lead the world as a fountain for discovery, in-novation and economic growth. 
So, on this 225th anniversary of the first 
U.S. Patent Act, America continues to be com-mitted to lead the world in innovation and cre-ativity. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF PRIVATE STU-
DENT LOAN BANKRUPTCY FAIR-NESS ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Private Student Loan Bank-ruptcy Fairness Act, a bill I introduced earlier today with my colleagues D
ANNY DAVIS and 
ERICSWALWELL which would restore fairness 
in student lending by treating privately issued student loans in bankruptcy the same as other types of private debt. 
It is sad enough that our children are in-
creasingly burdened by a crushing weight of student debt. But the fact that students under the weight of this debt are treated so unfairly in bankruptcy is unconscionable. 
Before 2005, private student loans issued 
by for-profit lenders were treated in bankruptcy like most other unsecured consumer debt, such as credit card debt. Our bill will ensure that privately issued student loans will once again be treated like other consumer debt and be dischargeable in bankruptcy. 
Private student loans have much in common 
with credit cards and subprime mortgages. For example, private student loans often have on-erous interest rates with no caps and can in-clude exorbitant fees and hidden charges. In addition, many lenders have used aggressive marketing and high-pressure sales tactics to target particularly vulnerable people, namely, young men and women without financial expe-rience, and older Americans seeking to re- start their careers in these financially difficult times by pursuing higher education and train-ing. 
The harmful features of many private stu-
dent loans have resulted in a substantial rise in the number of delinquencies. To make matters worse, private student 
loans lack the critical consumer protections that come with federal student loans. For in-stance, private lenders are not required to— and typically do not—provide any of the deferments, income-based repayment plans, cancellation rights, or loan forgiveness pro-grams that are available to federal student loan borrowers. 
A hallmark of our Nation’s bankruptcy law is 
to give an honest but unfortunate debtor a chance to obtain meaningful relief. To that end, the law exempts very few types of debt from elimination through the bankruptcy proc-ess, and only for principled policy reasons, such as debts for child support, taxes, criminal fines and intentional injury. 
Ten years ago, however, Congress changed 
the bankruptcy law without any substantive analysis so that student loans made by pri-vate, for-profit lenders became very difficult to discharge in bankruptcy. 
Currently, the Bankruptcy Code prohibits the 
discharge of private educational debt unless the debtor, in addition to meeting the already stringent requirements for personal bank-ruptcy, proves that repayment would impose an, ‘‘undue hardship,’’ on the debtor and the debtor’s dependents. In practice, however, it’s hard for a debtor to ever successfully meet this standard. 
The current bankruptcy law unjustly pun-
ishes hardworking Americans who are simply trying to improve their lives by pursuing a higher education and became victims of pred-atory private student loan lenders. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
warns that private student loan debt currently exceeds $150 billion, which could undermine the future prospects of millions of Americans. 
We can do better. I urge my colleagues to support the Private 
Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO GUNNAR OLSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Gunnar Olson for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Gunnar has the determination and drive to 
be successful in all that he does and his ex-emplary work with the Des Moines Area Met-ropolitan Planning Organization is a testament to that. As Communications Manager, he uti-lizes his abilities to create a story with accu-racy and interest to achieve the goals of the Des Moines Area Metropolitan Planning Orga-nization. In his free time Gunnar likes to dedi-
cate his time to serving others. He volunteers on the Water Works Foundation board and is working to revitalize the Water Works Park. In all aspects of his life, Gunnar’s example of hard work and service is what makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Gunnar in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Gunnar on receiving this esteemed designation, thank-ing those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SAFETY, 
EFFICIENCY AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS THROUGH PUBLIC IN-SPECTION ACT OF 2015 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, historically on 
transportation projects, the construction in-spector is the eyes, ears, and voice of the public. Inspectors ensure that construction standards are met, that projects meet safety requirements, and that the materials used will stand the test of time. In short, they are there to ensure that the motoring public gets what they pay for, and that public safety and the public interest are protected. 
Outsourcing public inspection functions on 
State and local surface transportation projects eliminates a representative of the public from the construction site and puts a private com-pany in charge of inspecting the work of the private construction company. This can create potential conflicts of interest. Unfortunately, across the nation, some departments of trans-portation are outsourcing public inspection with poor results. 
That is why I am introducing today the Safe-
ty, Efficiency, and Accountability in Transpor-tation Projects through Public Inspection Act to require public employees to perform the in-spection and related essential public functions on all state and local transportation projects. This bill is intended to ensure that public safe-ty is protected, transportation funds are not wasted, and projects are delivered in a timely manner. 
f 
HONORING MS. PAM CHATMAN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. Pam Chatman. 
For as long as Pam Chatman can remem-
ber, she’s been coming in first. She was the first of 3 children born to parents in the heart of the poverty-stricken Mississippi Delta. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.059 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E447 March 26, 2015 
was the first of her siblings to graduate from 
college. She was the first African American Woman to steer a course through the chaos of a broadcast news career to achieve the posi-tion of News Director at WABG. 
But little did Pam know in 2006, when she 
became News Director, she was achieving yet another first: Mississippi’s first-ever female Af-rican-American News Director, an honor she wears proudly. 
Recently the Tru TV network chronicled 
Pam’s seemingly unlikely journey from poverty to power, which is its hit new reality series ‘‘Breaking Greenville’’. Pam’s starring role in that show underscores her passion, not just for her profession, but for the people who work for her as anchors, reporters and pro-ducers. Kids right out of college, who are hun-gry to learn the ropes of an often cut-throat career, find comfort in Pam’s approach to leadership and management. 
Pam was raised up in Shaw, Mississippi in 
a small rural community outside of the city lim-its called ‘‘Choctaw’’ a dirt-poor town of about less than 2-thousand people that sits in the heart of Bolivar County. Her grandmother, Marie Fly, raised her, and while poverty pulled at every corner of their lives, Pam relishes her adolescent years, coming of age in the Deep South. From its rich farming heritage, to its lakes and rivers teeming with catfish, to its red-clay hillsides that give a hint of color to an otherwise difficult existence, the Mississippi Delta to this day holds Pam’s heart. 
Pam graduated from Shaw high school in 
1988 and enrolled in Rust College, one of Mis-sissippi’s oldest and most prestigious colleges for African-Americans. 
Pam pledged to Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority 
Incorporated, the first inter-collegiate Greek- letter sorority established for Black college. Pam graduated from Rust College in 1994 with a degree in Broadcasting Mass Commu-nication, and returned to the Delta, degree in hand, with her heart set on making a dif-ference close to home. She landed her first television job at Greenville’s WXVT where she worked as a Production Assistant and then later moved to the Newsroom. She eventually went to work for WXVT’s competitor, WABG, where she worked her way up from Assign-ment Manager to ultimately News Director, a position she’s held for 10 years. 
Her notoriety as Mississippi’s first female Af-
rican-American News Director also convinced the state legislators to dedicate a portion of Highway 61 in her honor and to proclaim Jan-uary 18th as Pam Chatman Day. 
In addition to leading a winning news team, 
Pam is a tireless community volunteer and ad-vocate for teens and young women. She’s also a motivational speaker, teaching women of all ages to accept and appreciate their uniqueness within the human race. She espe-cially has a big heart for women who have come from small rural communities and are victims of abuse and drugs. 
Yes, Pam Chatman is indeed a woman of 
firsts: the first to volunteer when there’s a need; the first to offer comfort when someone is hurting; a first-class example of what a little faith and a lot of love can accomplish. 
Pam also has a Mentoring, Consulting and 
Training Organization; the organization be-lieves that every person you meet is a Dia-mond in the Rough. The organization provides workshops to educate and empower teens to get an education; strive for success; and to let no one define their dreams or destiny. The or-
ganization provides food and clothing to needy families. Once a month Pam herself does ran-dom acts of kindness where she pays for peo-ple’s groceries or their utility bill. Yes, she is a servant determined to impact everyone she meets in life with a smile or an act of kind-ness. The organization has a doll called the PChat Doll that has a curriculum that comes along with it to teach young girls to love the skin they’re in as well to deter bullying. The focus of the curriculum is Character Edu-cation, Literacy and Parental Involvement. 
Pam does consultant work for the Mis-
sissippi Department of Education Federal 21- Century Program’s after school projects. In ad-dition, Pam is also an entrepreneur. Pam has a cosmetics and spa line to enhance women of color and beauty called ‘‘Boss Lady PChatman’’ which was developed to assist in healing the totality of a woman from her inner beauty to her outer beauty. 
Pam loves to help women break the chain 
of hurt and pain. So, she wrote a monologue gospel play entitled ‘‘Lord Show Me How to Heal My Scars’’. The play allows women from all walks of life to share their story through testimonials and songs. 
Pam is the daughter of Louise Henry and 
the late Joseph Henry and has three siblings: Joseph, Jr., III; Evelyn and special niece Karris Henry, which she is assisting her family in raising. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing News Director, Actor, Motivational Speaker, Author, Entre-preneur, Philanthropist who has been instru-mental in magnifying strides of America’s black history. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARSHALL FOSTER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Marshall Foster attends Dawson High 
School in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
In 2001, one day changed our nation for-
ever. The World Trade Center twin towers in New York City stood tall on September 10th, and were no more on September 11th. This terrorist attack did exactly what its name implies: it placed a feeling of terror into every American heart. The tragedy of Sep-tember 11th put the American spirit to the test, and the greatest country in the world proved that it is not a country that can be brought down. The United States showed its patriotism, strength, and courage by re-sponding in a way that the cowardly terror-
ists did not expect. We did not fall, but stood strong and took the fight to our enemies. America was injured that day, but the Amer-ican people grew stronger and sent a power-ful message through patriotic action to those at home and abroad. 
Americans were moved by the courage of 
the first responders on 9/11. The heroic ac-tions of firefighters, policemen, and civilians are those which should be exemplified by every American. These people set the stand-ard for American patriotism as they ran into burning buildings to save lives. In addition, our strength was demonstrated by ordinary citizens on United Airlines Flight 93 as they used their last moments to protect their country. Their counterattack caused the plane to crash before it could reach its tar-get. The heroism of all of these Americans bolstered patriotism and strengthened our nation. 
On the evening of September 11th, Presi-
dent George W. Bush sent a message to the world displaying the strength of the United States and sending chills down the backs of our enemies. He declared ‘‘Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the founda-tion of America . . . they cannot dent the steel of American resolve. America was tar-geted . . . because we’re the brightest beacon for freedom and opportunity in the world. And no one will keep that light from shin-ing’’. Remembering Bush’s words and the at-tacks of 9/11, our country brought war straight to those who attacked us. This strength has changed the way Americans feel and has sparked my desire to join the United States Military to defend our great nation. Although the terrorist attacks took the lives of many, America has grown stronger as we fight back against those who threaten our freedoms. 
Most Americans were not in New York 
City on that horrifying day. As Americans learned of the horror that befell our country, the feeling of security that had blanketed us quickly faded. Fear washed over our citizens as the new reality that our enemies could reach us at home set in. Americans who had not given much thought to safety began to appreciate the need for strengthened na-tional security and our military. President Bush spoke these words at Ground Zero, let-ting all Americans know that we must fight to protect the freedom so many had taken for granted: ‘‘I can hear you! The rest of the world hears you! And the people . . . who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon!’’ It was at that moment that a burn-ing patriotism was rekindled in our country. America would never be the same. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATT M CLEMORE 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize and congratulate my friend Matt McLemore for twenty-five years of dedicated service to WTIM radio in my hometown of Taylorville, Illinois. For nearly three decades, Matt has been an integral part of WTIM’s commitment to bringing news to the Central Illinois community, serving as the host for the station’s morning news show. 
Matt first began at WTIM as a news director 
for the station in 1990, and shortly after began his role as the WTIM Morning Show host, where he became a household name to many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.063 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E448 March 26, 2015 
of his listeners. In my years in Congress, I 
have had the pleasure to be featured on Matt’s program a number of times to discuss the work I do in Washington on behalf of the many Central Illinoisans that tune into his show. To honor Matt and his time with WTIM, 
the station will celebrate ‘‘Matt McLemore Day’’, an all-day, on-air party on April 2, 2015. 
Matt, I thank you for your time with WTIM, 
your impact on the Taylorville community, and your service to thousands across Central Illi-
nois. Congratulations on your well-deserved 
retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MR8.065 E26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D349 Thursday, March 26, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1959–S2008. 
Senate continued in the session that began on 
Thursday, March 26, 2015. See next volume of the Congressional Record. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-seven bills and eight 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 868–894, and S. Res. 116–123.
                                     (See next issue.) 
Measures Reported: 
S. 125, to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020. 
S. 665, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue 
Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement of-ficer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received. 
                                                                                  (See next issue.) 
Measures Considered: 
Budget Resolution: Senate continued consideration 
of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, tak-ing action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                    Pages S1960–S2008, continued next issue. 
Adopted: 
By 61 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 98), Sanders (for 
Murray) Amendment No. 798, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund for legislation to allow Ameri-cans to earn paid sick time.
                  Pages S1960, S1986 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. 99), 
Moran Amendment No. 356, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that provides the care sought by the veteran.
                             Pages S1960, S1987 Collins Amendment No. 810, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing access to higher education for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
                                                                Pages S1969–70, S1987–88 
Wyden (for Murray) Amendment No. 1026, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to transparency health premium billing.
             Page S1988 
By 56 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 102), Scott 
Amendment No. 692, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to transparency in health pre-mium billing.
                                                              Page S1989 
By 58 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 103), Blunt/ 
Thune Amendment No. 928, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund to protect the United States from an energy tax.
                                          Pages S1989–90 
By 54 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 105), Vitter 
Amendment No. 515, to establish a spending-neu-tral reserve fund relating to requiring the Federal Government to allow states to opt out of Common Core without penalty.
                                      Pages S1990–91 
Bennet Amendment No. 947, to ensure that small 
businesses are provided relief as part of tax reform by permanently increasing the maximum amount of the section 179 small business expensing allowance to $1,000,000 and the investment limitation to $2,500,000 and indexing them both for inflation. 
                                                                                            Page S1991 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 106), Mur-
kowski/Sullivan Amendment No. 838, to establish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the disposal 
of certain Federal land.
                                   Pages S1991–92 
By 59 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 108), Inhofe/ 
Moran Modified Amendment No. 649, to establish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to prohib-iting funding of international organizations during the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adop-tion of implementing legislation.
                      Page S1993 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. 109), 
Enzi (for Kirk) Modified Amendment No. 545, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to re-imposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanc-tions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agreement. 
                                                                                    Pages S1993–94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D350 March 26, 2015 
Isakson/Menendez Amendment No. 839, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to sup-porting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between No-vember 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
                                                                      Pages S1978, S1998–99 
By 59 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 112), Portman 
Amendment No. 689, to improve the dynamic scor-ing provision.
                             Pages S1963–64, S1999–S2000 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. 113), 
Casey Amendment No. 632, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund relating to providing reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers.
          Page S2000 
By 54 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 114), Mur-
kowski (for Thune) Amendment No. 607, to estab-lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to allow for the permanent elimination of the Federal estate tax. 
                                                                                    Pages S2000–01 
By 53 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 115), Enzi (for 
Bennet) Amendment No. 1014, to establish a def-icit-neutral reserve fund relating to responding to the economic and national security threats posed by human-induced climate change, as highlighted by the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National In-telligence, the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration.
                                                                 Page S2001 
By 57 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 116), Enzi (for 
McConnell/Paul) Amendment No. 836, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the regula-tion by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a pro-hibition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementation Plans re-quired under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency. 
                                                                      Pages S1995, S2001–02 
By 59 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 118), Gardner 
Amendment No. 443, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits.
                              Pages S2002–03 
Blumenthal Amendment No. 825, to expand the 
deficit-neutral reserve fund for veterans and servicemembers.
                                                          Page S2003 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 120), Flake/Vit-
ter Amendment No. 665, to establish a spending- neutral reserve fund relating to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor organiza-tions.
                                                           Pages S1976, S2003–04 
Enzi (for Sanders) Amendment No. 475, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to strengthening the United States Postal Service by es-tablishing a moratorium to protect mail processing plants, reinstating overnight delivery standards, and protecting rural service.
                    Pages S1995–96, S2004 Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1029, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to prevent Amer-ican jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate.
                     Pages S1996, S2005 
By 57 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 121), Enzi (for 
Schatz) Modified Amendment No. 1063, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring all legally married same-sex spouses have equal access to the Social Security and veterans benefits they have earned and receive equal treatment under the law pursuant to the Constitution of the United States. 
                                                                      Pages S1996, S2005–06 
By 57 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 122), Enzi (for 
Kirk) Amendment No. 1038, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund to increase wages for American workers.
                                                           Pages S1996, S2006 
By 58 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 124), McCain/ 
Flake Modified Amendment No. 360, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras.
                     Page S2007 
By 73 yeas to 27 nays (Vote No. 125), Enzi (for 
Wyden) Amendment No. 968, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund relating to enacting middle class tax relief, including extending and expanding re-fundable tax credits, such as tax provisions and poli-cies included in legislation like the Working Fami-lies Tax Relief Act, American Opportunity Tax Credit Permanence and Consolidation Act, Helping Working Families Afford Child Care Act, or the 21st Century Worker Tax Cut Act, among other legislation.
                                               Pages S1996, S2007–08 
By 56 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 126), Enzi (for 
Lee) Modified Amendment No. 750, to modify the spending-neutral reserve fund reauthorizing funding for payments to counties and other units of local government to include the option of payment at lev-els roughly equivalent to property tax revenues lost due to the presence of Federal land. 
                                                               Pages S1979, S1995, S2008 
By 52 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 128), Enzi (for 
Cotton) Amendment No. 659, to establish a spend-ing-neutral reserve fund relating to prohibiting the designation of critical habitat. 
                                               Pages S1996, (continued next issue) 
Sanders (for Menendez) Amendment No. 993, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to strengthening the national do-not-call registry. 
                                                                                            Page S1976 
Rejected: 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 93), Sanders/ 
Murray Amendment No. 881, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund relating to promoting a substan-tial increase in the minimum wage. 
                                                                      Pages S1982, S1983–84 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D351 March 26, 2015 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 94), Stabenow 
Amendment No. 523, to prevent United States com-panies from getting tax benefits for moving jobs overseas, to end offshore tax loopholes including in-versions, and to provide incentives for United States companies to relocate overseas jobs to the United States.
                                                         Pages S1971–72, S1984 
By 47 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 95), Sanders (for 
Wyden) Amendment No. 1012, to strike more than $1.2 trillion in cuts to Medicaid, preserving a crit-ical source of comprehensive, affordable health and long-term care coverage for millions of otherwise un-insured low-income adults, parents, and seniors, in-cluding millions of nonelderly low-income adults in States that expanded Medicaid as part of health re-form.
                                                                                 Page S1985 
By 45 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 100), Baldwin 
Amendment No. 432, to provide additional re-sources to create the opportunity for more Americans to obtain a higher education and advanced job skills by supporting two free years of community college paid for by raising revenue through requiring mil-lionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share. 
                                                                                            Page S1987 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 101), Franken 
Amendment No. 828, to provide additional re-sources to save student financial aid and keep college affordable for more than 8,000,000 low- and middle- income students by restoring the $89,000,000,000 in cuts to Federal Pell Grants in the Republican budget.
                                                                            Page S1988 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 104), Sanders 
(for Durbin) Amendment No. 817, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide tax benefits to patriot employers that invest in American jobs and provide fair pay and benefits to workers and to eliminate tax benefits for corporations that ship jobs or profits overseas.
                                                     Page S1990 
By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 107), White-
house/Udall Amendment No. 867, to establish a def-icit-neutral reserve fund relating to making it more difficult for corporations and billionaires to secretly influence elections by making unlimited undisclosed campaign expenditures, and to prevent such entities from evading campaign finance law, including through making false statements to government agencies.
                                                                         Page S1992 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 110), Coons/ 
Sanders Modified Amendment No. 966, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to offsetting the costs of operations against the Islamic State. 
                                                                                            Page S1994 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 111), Enzi (for 
Stabenow/Cantwell) Amendment No. 1072, to pro-vide additional resources to reject the Senate Repub-
licans’ proposed $435 billion in cuts to Medicare. 
                                                                            Pages S1995, S1999 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 117), Merkley/ 
Coons Amendment No. 842, to establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund relating to consumer financial protection.
                                                                     Page S2002 
By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 119), Sanders 
(for Murray) Amendment No. 951, to establish and fund a new Federal-State partnership to expand ac-cess to high-quality preschool programs for children from low- and moderate-income families, offset with revenue from closing loopholes.
                         Page S2003 
By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 127), Enzi (for 
Reed/Whitehouse) Amendment No. 919, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to eliminating deductions for corporate compensation in excess of $1,000,000.
                     Pages S1996, (continued next issue) 
Withdrawn: Enzi (for Graham) Amendment No. 763, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to sub-jecting all Federal spending to sequestration. 
                                                                            Pages S1995, S2003 
Pending: Rounds/Inhofe Amendment No. 412, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund to prevent the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service from engaging in closed- door settlement agreements that ignore impacted States and counties.
                                                  Page S1960 
Daines Amendment No. 388, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to the designation of national monuments.
                                          Page S1960 
Daines Amendment No. 389, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to holding Mem-bers of the Senate and the House of Representatives accountable for failing to pass a balanced budget. 
                                                                                            Page S1960 
Roberts/Flake Amendment No. 352, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to Federal em-ployee performance awards.
                                  Page S1960 
Roberts Amendment No. 462, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to over-the-counter medications.
                                                                  Page S1960 
Vitter Amendment No. 811, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act.
                                                     Page S1960 
Coats/Warner Amendment No. 595, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund to improve cybersecurity. 
                                                                                            Page S1960 
Coats Amendment No. 368, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to providing States the Medicaid flexibility they need to implement innova-tive reforms to improve care and enhance access for our Nation’s most vulnerable.
                             Page S1960 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D352 March 26, 2015 
Daines Amendment No. 465, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to Second Amend-ment rights.
                                                                  Page S1960 
Daines Amendment No. 387, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to postal reform. 
                                                                                            Page S1960 
Wyden/Crapo Amendment No. 434, to provide 
for an adjustment to committee allocations for wild-fire suppression funding.
                                        Page S1960 
Sanders (for Murray/Alexander) Amendment No. 
697, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation that reforms and strengthens elementary and secondary education.
                                       Page S1960 
Sanders (for Cantwell) Amendment No. 800, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to a comprehensive approach to crude-by-rail safety. 
                                                                                            Page S1960 
Sanders (for Murray) Amendment No. 812, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide women with affordable access to comprehensive health care, including preventative services (such as contraception and breast cancer screenings), improve maternal health, and ensure that a woman has the same benefits and services no matter what part of the United States she lives in, all of which is critical to improving the health and well-being of women, children, their families, and society as a whole, and is an essential part of a woman’s economic security and opportunity.
                                                        Page S1960 
Sanders (for Durbin/Coons) Amendment No. 345, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing funding for Federal investments in bio-medical and basic scientific research.
              Page S1961 
Wyden/Bennet Amendment No. 708, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to simplifying and expanding tax incentives for higher education to boost student attendance and completion.
    Page S1961 
Wyden Amendment No. 791, to strike reconcili-
ation instructions to the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Finance and re-quire regular order.
                                                   Page S1961 
Wyden Amendment No. 870, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to extending tax provisions expiring in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, such as those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Heller Amendment No. 453, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of Transportation prioritizes the construc-tion of projects that are of national and regional sig-nificance and projects in high priority corridors on the National Highway System, which will improve the safe, secure, and efficient movement of people and goods through the United States and facilitate economic development and create jobs in the United States.
                                                                              Page S1961 Heller Amendment No. 452, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of the Interior enters into candidate con-servation agreements with each of the relevant 11 Western States before the United States Fish and Wildlife Service makes a listing determination on the greater sage-grouse under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973.
                                                       Page S1961 
Heller Amendment No. 457, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to prohibition of Veterans Benefits Administration executive bonuses until the backlog of disability claims for veterans is eliminated.
                                                                    Page S1961 
Heller Amendment No. 456, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs meet the privacy, dignity, and safety needs of women veterans.
                                                         Page S1961 
Coons/Bennet Amendment No. 343, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to preserving mandatory appropriations for agricultural conserva-tion programs.
                                                             Page S1961 
Coons Amendment No. 391, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to the expansion of ac-cess to the income tax credit for employee health in-surance expenses of small employers.
              Page S1961 
Coons/Rubio Amendment No. 392, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting the use of college savings accounts while students are in elementary school and secondary school.
       Page S1961 
Coons Amendment No. 394, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies.
                                                    Page S1961 
Coons Amendment No. 802, to offset the costs of 
the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Baldwin Amendment No. 436, to preserve the 
point of order against the reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit or reduce a surplus. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Manchin Amendment No. 694, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to investing in ad-vanced fossil energy technology research and devel-opment.
                                                                           Page S1961 
Manchin Amendment No. 578, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to addressing meth-amphetamine abuse in the United States.
     Page S1961 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 700, to ensure 
high-income earners pay a fair share in taxes and to use the revenue to invest in repairing our Nation’s bridges, coastal infrastructure, and damage from wildfires.
                                                                        Page S1961 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 895, to prohibit 
budget resolutions that support cutting over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D353 March 26, 2015 
$1,000,000,000,000 in spending without identifying 
specific programmatic effects.                              Page S1961 
Casey Amendment No. 633, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to enhancing the child and dependent care tax credit.
                            Page S1961 
Merkley Amendment No. 843, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to restoring reduc-tions in the Republican budget to the Stafford loan program that would mandate that students currently in college pay interest on their loans before they have received their education benefits, to make col-lege more affordable, to reduce the debt burden of students, and to help graduates afford to pay back student loans.
                                                               Page S1961 
Merkley/Brown Amendment No. 952, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to establishing a more level playing field in trade agreements. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Merkley Amendment No. 953, to save student fi-
nancial aid and reduce the student loan debt levels in the Republican budget by 15 percent by elimi-nating new mandated interest charged while stu-dents are still in school.
                                         Page S1961 
Cassidy Amendment No. 341, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the pro-motion of United States offshore energy production. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Cassidy Amendment No. 539, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving Med-icaid based on successful and bipartisan State dem-onstration projects.
                                                    Page S1961 
Cassidy Amendment No. 795, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to authorizing Federal permitting for manufacturing and energy construction projects relating to national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone lower than a certain existing standard.
           Page S1961 
Coons (for Bennet) Amendment No. 715, to cre-
ate clean energy jobs through predictable and fair in-centives for renewable energy. 
                                                 Page S1961, (continued next issue) 
Murkowski (for Thune) Amendment No. 743, to 
reduce funding for the General Services Administra-tion by $1,000,000 until 50 percent of counties in nonattainment for the 1997 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for ground-level ozone as of January 30, 2015, achieve the air quality stand-ard set forth in the 1997 NAAQS, and direct those funds to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for the purpose of helping mu-nicipalities reach attainment with the 2008 NAAQS for ground-level ozone, acknowledging that (1) given limited State and Federal resources and the delay of the Administrator in issuing to States implementa-tion guidance for the 2008 ground-level ozone NAAQS, priority should be given to achieving the 2008 standard, (2) the Administrator has not suffi-
ciently implemented that standard, (3) focusing by the Administrator on the most polluted areas that are in nonattainment with that standard would ben-efit public health, and (4) promulgating a lower standard at this time would impose undue costs on the economy and workforce of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S1961 
Murkowski Amendment No. 770, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the construc-tion of Arctic polar icebreakers.
                         Page S1961 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 485, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide eq-uity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits.
                                                             Page S1961 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 490, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on community bankers.
                                                                           Page S1961 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 852, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-viding small business regulatory relief and pre-venting duplicative regulations for investment advi-sors.
                                                                                   Page S1961 
Capito Amendment No. 415, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to a requirement that any new environmental agreement signed by the United States with any foreign country or countries not result in serious harm to the economy of the United States.
                                                              Page S1964 
Capito Amendment No. 416, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid.
                       Page S1964 
Peters Amendment No. 437, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to enhancing and im-proving the United States Patent and Trademark Of-fice in order to reduce the patent application back-log.
                                                                            Pages S1964–65 
Peters Amendment No. 521, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to investing in science, technology, and basic research in the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S1965 
Peters Amendment No. 639, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry.
                                   Pages S1965–66 
Cardin Amendment No. 364, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving oral health care for children and pregnant women under Medicaid.
                                                                       Page S1966 
Cardin Amendment No. 367, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to providing a funding stream for a voter reinfranchisement initia-tive.
                                                                                   Page S1966 
Cardin Amendment No. 439, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to mandating a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D354 March 26, 2015 
higher threshold that the Small Business Adminis-
tration may guarantee, through the Surety Bond Guarantee Program, of the bonds that small busi-nesses are required to obtain so that they may be able to better compete successfully for Federal Gov-ernment contracts.
                                                     Page S1966 
Cardin/Risch Amendment No. 440, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing the Family Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program from $225,000,000 to $350,000,000, as passed by the Committee in 2013, which is zero subsidy and funded entirely through fees paid by investors and businesses.
     Pages S1966–67 
Cardin Amendment No. 899, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to the importance of financial literacy education to allow individuals to make informed and effective decisions with their fi-nancial resources.
                                               Pages S1966–67 
Cardin Amendment No. 900, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to the importance of civics and government education.
        Pages S1966–67 
Portman Amendment No. 681, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to demolishing va-cant and abandoned homes.
                          Pages S1967–68 
Collins Amendment No. 346, to modify the def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting jobs in the United States through international trade to include the reauthorization or extension of trade ad-justment assistance programs.
                             Page S1969 
Collins Amendment No. 425, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving retire-
ment security.                                                               Page S1969 
Collins/Casey Amendment No. 426, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small busi-nesses.
                                                                              Page S1969 
Collins/Moran Amendment No. 427, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to investment in Alzheimer’s disease research.
                          Page S1969 
Collins Amendment No. 442, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund to restore a sensible defini-tion of full-time employee for purposes of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
    Page S1969 
Hirono Amendment No. 877, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing col-lege completion, which may include expanding Fed-eral Pell Grant eligibility by allowing college stu-dents to use Federal Pell Grants for more than 2 se-mesters in an academic year.
                                Page S1970 
Hirono Amendment No. 878, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to investing in clean energy and preserving the environment. 
                                                                                    Pages S1970–71 
Gardner Amendment No. 445, to prevent labor 
disputes at seaports in the United States from caus-ing national economic disruptions and crippling 
businesses across the United States.                  Page S1971 
Gardner Amendment No. 448, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to encouraging ex-pedited approval of liquefied natural gas export ap-plications at the Department of Energy.
       Page S1971 
Gardner/Menendez Amendment No. 449, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to sup-porting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy.
                                                                              Page S1971 
Rubio Amendment No. 781, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to reducing foreign 
assistance to the Palestinian Authority and certain United Nations agencies and increasing foreign as-sistance for Israel.
                                                      Page S1972 
Rubio Amendment No. 565, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that Medicare is not raided to bailout insurance compa-nies under the President’s health care overhaul. 
                                                                                    Pages S1972–73 
Rubio Amendment No. 562, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to establishing a new outcomes-based process for authorizing innova-tive higher education providers.
                 Pages S1972–73 
Rubio Amendment No. 552, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing fund-ing for the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
     Pages S1972–73 
Rubio Amendment No. 590, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting the Medicare Advantage program.
                    Pages S1972–73 
Warner Amendment No. 991, to restore program 
integrity funding to combat waste, fraud, and abuse. 
                                                                                            Page S1973 
Warner/Crapo Amendment No. 636, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting the personal information of consumers from data breaches.
                                                                         Page S1973 
Warner/Ayotte Amendment No. 638, to establish 
a deficit-reduction reserve fund for Government re-form and efficiency.
                                          Pages S1973–75 
Moran (for Blunt) Amendment No. 467, to estab-
lish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the direct provision of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Gov-ernment.
                                                                         Page S1975 
Moran (for Blunt) Amendment No. 468, to estab-
lish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to mili-tary aid to Israel.
                                                       Page S1975 
Markey Amendment No. 707, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to reducing over-dose deaths.
                                                                   Page S1975 
Markey Amendment No. 967, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to domestic medical isotope production.
                                                   Page S1975 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D355 March 26, 2015 
Markey Amendment No. 896, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving the safety of offshore oil drilling in the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S1975 
Markey Amendment No. 897, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting con-sumers in the United States from price increases due to large-scale natural gas exports.
                     Page S1975 
Markey Amendment No. 573, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting the repair and replacement of natural gas distribution pipelines and infrastructure no longer fit for service. 
                                                                                            Page S1975 
Sanders (for Menendez) Amendment No. 435, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to support for Ukraine, which should include the provi-sion of lethal defensive articles.
                          Page S1976 
Sanders (for Menendez) Amendment No. 473, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to providing funding to combat anti-Semitism in Eu-rope.
                                                                                 Page S1976 
Sanders (for Menendez/Stabenow) Amendment No. 
593, to require consideration of long-term deficits for any legislation relating to repealing or replacing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 
                                                                                            Page S1976 
Flake/Roberts Amendment No. 677, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to preventing political targeting by the Internal Revenue Service of individuals and social welfare organizations exer-cising free-speech rights.
                                Pages S1976–77 
Flake/McCain Amendment No. 678, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to prosecution of first-time illegal border crossers.
          Pages S1967–77 
Flake/Manchin Amendment No. 667, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that individuals do not simultaneously receive unem-ployment compensation and disability insurance ben-efits.
                                                                          Pages S1976–77 
Flake Amendment No. 666, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to reducing the level of Federal premium support for crop insurance policies, which may include eliminating premium support for crop insurance for agricultural producers with an adjusted gross income of more than $750,000 in fiscal year 2016.
                     Pages S1976–77 
Flake Amendment No. 668, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to government re-form and efficiency.
                                          Pages S1976–77 
Enzi (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 504, to estab-
lish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to lim-iting the ability of Environmental Protection Agency personnel to carry guns.
                                         Page S1977 Enzi (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 505, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to sup-porting programs related to the ground-based mid-course defense and the long-range discrimination radar programs of the Department of Defense. 
                                                                                            Page S1977 
Enzi (for Sullivan/Inhofe) Amendment No. 506, to 
establish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting vulnerable families from job killing regu-lations.
                                                                     Pages S1977–78 
Enzi (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 1011, to es-
tablish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to providing an exemption from certain permitting re-quirements for routine maintenance activities relat-ing to transportation infrastructure.
         Pages S1977–78 
Isakson/Shaheen Amendment No. 321, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to estab-lishing a biennial budget and appropriations process. 
                                                                                            Page S1978 
Isakson Amendment No. 611, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund to subject all fees collected by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to the annual appropriations process.
                            Page S1978 
Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 855, to prohibit 
increasing the public debt limit under reconciliation. 
                                                                                            Page S1979 
Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 749, to ensure 
that the reserve fund relating to affordable healthcare choices for all is used to repeal and not further em-power the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
                                                                                   Page S1979 
Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 856, to establish 
a spending-neutral reserve fund to support legisla-tion preventing the Federal Communications Com-
mission from reclassifying broadband providers as common carriers under title II of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 and from implementing other ‘‘net neutrality’’ provisions.
                                  Page S1979 
Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 759, to establish 
a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to clarifying Federal jurisdiction with respect to intrastate species. 
                                                                                    Pages S1979–80 
Tillis Amendment No. 925, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to the United States civil courts system.
                                                   Page S1980 
Tillis Amendment No. 926, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
                                            Page S1980 
Sanders (for Cardin) Amendment No. 729, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to invest in sur-face transportation projects.
                                  Page S1980 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D356 March 26, 2015 
Sanders (for Schatz) Amendment No. 342, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the National Guard State Partnership Program. 
                                                                                            Page S1980 
Sanders (for Schatz) Amendment No. 588, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to in-creasing the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at air ports of entry.
         Page S1980 
Enzi (for Johnson/Baldwin) Amendment No. 402, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Depart-ment.
                                                                        Pages S1980–81 
Enzi (for Johnson) Amendment No. 596, to con-
vey clear information in graphic form about pro-jected deficits.
                                                             Page S1981 
Enzi (for Johnson) Amendment No. 597, to con-
vey clear information to Congress and the public about projected Federal outlays, revenues, and sur-pluses, and deficits.
                                                   Page S1981 
Enzi (for Johnson) Amendment No. 865, to estab-
lish a spending-neutral reserve fund to accommodate legislation that would stop the Federal government from forcing States to pay unemployment compensa-tion benefits to millionaires.
                                Page S1981 
Cochran/Mikulski Amendment No. 932, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to estab-lishing a biennial budget resolution process. 
                                                                                            Page S1981 
Booker Amendment No. 720, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to supporting work-force development through apprenticeship programs. 
                                                                                            Page S1982 
Booker/Fischer Amendment No. 721, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund to encourage freight planning and investment that incorporates all modes of transportation, including rail, waterways, ports, 
and highways to promote national connectivity. 
                                                                                    Pages S1982–83 
Booker Amendment No. 722, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to prohibiting pay-ments for conversion therapy or treatments that pur-port to change the gender identity or sexual orienta-tion of an individual under the Medicare and Med-icaid programs.
                                                   Pages S1982–83 
Heinrich Amendment No. 1024, to create a point 
of order against legislation that would provide for the sale of Federal land to reduce the Federal deficit. 
                                                                                            Page S1983 
Enzi (for Brown/Vitter) Amendment No. 994, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to end ‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks 
(over $500 billion in total assets).             Pages S1996–97 
Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 827, to estab-
lish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to re-forming the Federal regulatory process by enabling retrospective review of existing regulations, improv-ing the process by which new regulations are cre-ated, ensuring fair and effective judicial review, and securing an effective role for Congress in the Federal regulatory process through legislation and oversight. 
                                                                                            Page S1997 
Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1025, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to H–1B visas.
                                                                                 Page S1997 
Enzi (for Hatch/Murkowski) Amendment No. 
533, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to ensuring that Department of Justice attorneys comply with disclosure obligations in criminal pros-ecutions.
                                                                         Page S1997 
Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 984, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensur-ing that patients, including military members and veterans, have access to new antibacterial drugs that treat serious or life-threatening infections through the creation by the Food and Drug Administration of a limited population approval pathway for anti-bacterial drugs.
                                                           Page S1997 
Enzi (for Hatch) Amendment No. 535, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to bal-ancing the Federal budget.
                           Pages S1997–98 
Sanders (for Cardin/McCain) Amendment No. 
1044, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption.
                                                     Page S1998 
Sanders (for Kaine) Amendment No. 1047, to 
provide for sequestration replacement.            Page S1998 
Sanders (for Kaine) Amendment No. 724, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to in-creasing United States exports and improving the 
competitiveness of United States businesses. 
                                                                                            Page S1998 
Sanders (for Murphy/Cassidy) Amendment No. 
713, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to comprehensive mental health reform. 
                                                                                            Page S1998 
Sanders (for Murphy/Graham) Amendment No. 
1005, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to expanding United States counter-propaganda communications to combat misinformation from the Russian Federation or terrorist groups like ISIS and al Qaeda.
                                                                        Page S1998 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D357 March 26, 2015 
By 32 yeas to 68 nays (Vote No. 96), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable budgetary discipline pursuant to Section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, with respect to Rubio Modified Amendment No. 423, to increase new budget authority fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050). Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 312(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment was ruled out of order.
                                                                        Pages S1985–86 
By 4 yeas to 96 nays (Vote No. 97), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable budgetary discipline pursuant to Section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, with respect to Paul Modified Amendment No. 940, to increase new budget authority for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050) with offsets. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 312(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment was ruled out of order.
                                                                 Page S1986 
By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 123), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable budgetary discipline with re-spect to Nelson/Schatz Amendment No. 944, to cre-ate a point of order against legislation that would use tax dollars to censor publicly-funded climate science. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sus-tained, and the amendment was ruled out of order. 
                                                                Pages S1968–69, S2006–07 
By 49 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 129), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable budgetary discipline with re-spect to Enzi (for Cotton) Amendment No. 664, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to construction of new facilities and improvements to existing facilities at the detention facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Subse-quently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 305(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amend-ment was ruled out of order. 
                                               Pages S1996, (continued next issue) Senate continued in the session that began on 
Thursday, March 26, 2015. See next volume of the Congressional Record. 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of the Navy. 
Thomas A. Burke, of Maryland, to be an Assistant 
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to 
the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives. 
Julieta Valls Noyes, of Virginia, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Croatia. 
Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to 
the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. 
John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be 
United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey. 
Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United States 
District Judge for the District of Maryland. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                  (See next issue.) 
Messages From the House:                      (See next issue.) 
Executive Reports of Committees:      (See next issue.) 
Additional Cosponsors:                              (See next issue.) 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                  (See next issue.) 
Additional Statements:                               (See next issue.) 
Amendments Submitted:                          (See next issue.) 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                  (See next issue.) 
Quorum Calls: One quorum call was taken today. 
(Total—5)                                                             (See next issue.) 
Record Votes: Thirty-seven record votes were taken 
today. (Total—129)                  Page S1983–94, S1999–S2008, 
continued next issue 
Evening Session: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
continued in evening session. (For complete Digest of today’s proceedings, see next volume of the Con-gressional Record.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D358 March 26, 2015 
Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-
ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Labor, after receiving testimony from Thomas E. Perez, Secretary of Labor. 
DIPLOMACY, DEVELOPMENT, AND 
NATIONAL SECURITY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine diplomacy, development, and national security, after receiving testimony from Ben Affleck, Eastern Congo Initiative, and Bill Gates, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, both of Seattle, Washington; Scott Ford, Westrock Group, LLC, Lit-tle Rock, Arkansas; John Megrue, Born Free Africa, New York, New York; and Admiral James Stavridis, USN (Ret.), Tufts University Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Medford, Massachusetts. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine U.S. Central Command, U.S. Af-rica Command and U.S. Special Operations Com-mand programs and budget in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from General Lloyd J. Austin, USA, Com-mander, U.S. Central Command, General David M. Rodriguez, USA, Commander, U.S. Africa Com-mand, and General Joseph L. Votel, USA, Com-mander, U.S. Special Operations Command, all of the Department of Defense. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported lists in the Foreign Service. 
SECURING THE BORDER 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine se-
curing the border, focusing on defining the current population living in the shadows and addressing fu-
ture flows, after receiving testimony from Jeffrey S. Passel, Pew Research Center, Randel K. Johnson, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Marc R. Rosenblum, Migration Policy Institute, all of Wash-ington, D.C.; Daniel Garza, The LIBRE Initiative, Mission, Texas; and Madeline Zavodny, Agnes Scott College, Decatur, Georgia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 665, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue 
Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement of-ficer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received; and 
S. 125, to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020. 
EXAMINE VETERANS’ AFFAIRS OPIOID 
PRESCRIPTION POLICY 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Veterans’ Affairs opioid prescrip-tion policy, practice and procedures, after receiving testimony from Carolyn Clancy, Interim Under Sec-retary for Health, Veterans Health Administration, and John D. Daigh, Jr., Assistant Inspector General for Healthcare Inspections, Office of Inspector Gen-eral, both of the Department of Veterans Affairs; John Gadea, Jr., Connecticut Department of Con-sumer Protection State Drug Control Division Direc-tor, Hartford; G. Caleb Alexander, Johns Hopkins Center for Drug Safety and Effectiveness, Baltimore, Maryland; and Carol Forster, Kaiser Permanente Mid-Atlantic Permanente Medical Group, Oak Hill, Virginia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 90 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1641–1730; and 21 resolutions, H.J. Res. 39–41; H. Con. Res. 30–33; and H. Res. 175–188, were introduced.
                          Pages H2107–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2115–16 Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend James Stoeger, S. J., President, Jesuit Secondary Education Association, Washington, DC.
                                                      Page H2037 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D359 March 26, 2015 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H2037, H2083 
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 2, to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, and to reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, by a yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 37 nays, Roll No. 144. 
                                                                                    Pages H2045–83 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
H. Rept. 114–50 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H2045 
H. Res. 173, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 2), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas to 12 nays with five answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 143, after the previous question was ordered.
                                                         Pages H2038–45 
Providing for the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: The 
House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.J. Res. 10, providing for the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
                                                                                            Page H2092 
Electing Members to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Com-mittee on Printing: The House agreed to discharge 
from committee and agree to H. Res. 171, electing Members to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on Printing. 
                                                                                            Page H2092 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 31, providing for an adjournment of the House.
                                                                             Page H2092 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 32, providing for a conditional recess or 
an adjournment of the Senate.                             Page H2092 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Monday, March 30th, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution.
                                      Pages H2092–93 
Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Women’s History Museum—Appoint-ment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appoint-
ment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Women’s History Museum: Mrs. Kathy Wills Wright of Arlington, Virginia, and the Honorable Marilyn Musgrave of Ft. Morgan, 
Colorado.
                                                                        Page H2093 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Representatives Sam John-son (TX) and Cole.
                                                   Page H2093 
British-American Interparliamentary Group— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s 
appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the British-American Inter-parliamentary Group: Representative Crenshaw, Chairman; Representatives Latta, Aderholt, Holding, Whitfield, and Roe (TN).
                                     Page H2093 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2045 and H2083. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 
2:03 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 1 p.m. on Monday, March 30, 2015, unless it sooner has re-ceived a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
Committee Meetings 
IMPLEMENTING THE AGRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014: COMMODITY POLICY AND CROP INSURANCE 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a hearing on implementing the Agricultural Act of 2014: commodity policy and crop insurance. Testi-mony was heard from Brandon Willis, Adminis-trator, Department of Agriculture Risk Management Agency; and Val Dolcini, Administrator, Depart-ment of Agriculture Farm Service Agency. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Department of Homeland Security budget. Testimony was heard from Jeh Johnson, Secretary, Department of Home-land Security. 
APPROPRIATIONS—ARMY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on Army budget. Testimony was heard from John M. McHugh, Secretary, United States Army; and General Raymond T. Odierno, Chief of Staff, United States Army. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D360 March 26, 2015 
FEDERAL INVESTMENTS IN NEUROSCIENCE 
AND NEUROTECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Federal Investments in Neuroscience and Neurotechnology oversight. Testimony was heard from Jo Handelsman, Associate Director for Science, Office of Science and Technology Policy; James Olds, Assistant Director for Biological Sciences, Na-tional Science Foundation; and public witnesses. 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE’S 
READINESS POSTURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of De-fense’s Readiness Posture’’. Testimony was heard from General Daniel Allyn, Vice Chief of Staff, Army; Admiral Michelle Howard, Vice Chief of Naval Operations, Navy; General Larry Spencer, Vice Chief of Staff, Air Force; and General John Paxton, Assistant Commandant, Marine Corps. 
COMBAT AVIATION MODERNIZATION 
PROGRAMS AND THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET REQUEST 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combat Aviation Modernization Programs and the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, USN, Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development, and Acquisi-tion), Navy; Lieutenant General Jon M. Davis, USMC, Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation, Marine Corps; Rear Admiral Michael C. Manazir, USN, Director of the Air Warfare Divi-sion, Navy; Major General Timothy M. Ray, USAF, Director, Global Power Programs, Office of the As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force; and Lieutenant General James M. ‘‘Mike’’ Holmes, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff, Strategic Plans and Requirements, Air Force. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FISCAL YEAR 
2016 SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAMS: LAYING THE GROUNDWORK TO MAINTAIN TECHNOLOGICAL SUPERIORITY 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2016 Science 
and Technology Programs: Laying the Groundwork to Maintain Technological Superiority’’. Testimony was heard from Alan Shaffer, Principal Deputy, As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering; Mary Miller, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Research and Technology; Rear Admi-ral Upper Half Mathias Winter, USN, Chief of 
Naval Research; David Walker, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Science, Technology, and Engineering; and Arati Prabhakar, Director, De-fense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 
EXAMINING THE GROWING PROBLEMS OF 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG AND HEROIN ABUSE: STATE AND LOCAL PERSPECTIVES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Growing Problems of Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse: State and Local Perspec-tives’’. Testimony was heard from Corporal Michael Griffin, Narcotics Unit Supervisor—K9 Handler, Special Investigations Division, Tulsa Police Depart-ment; and public witnesses. 
NEXT STEPS FOR SPECTRUM POLICY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Next Steps for Spectrum Policy’’. Testimony was heard from Gary Epstein, Chair, Incentive Auc-tion Task Force, Federal Communications Commis-sion; Julius Knapp, Chief, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission; John Liebovitz, Deputy Bureau Chief, Wireless Tele-communications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission; and Roger Sherman, Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 299, the ‘‘Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015’’; H.R. 601, the ‘‘Eliminate Privacy Notice Confusion Act’’; H.R. 650, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 685, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act’’; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act’’; H.R. 1265, the ‘‘Bureau Advisory Commission Trans-parency Act’’; H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mar-iana Islands; H.R. 1408, the ‘‘Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1480, the ‘‘SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act’’; and H.R. 1529, the ‘‘Commu-nity Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 299, H.R. 601, H.R. 1195, H.R. 1265, H.R. 1259, H.R. 1480, H.R. 1367, H.R. 1408, H.R. 1529, H.R. 650, and H.R. 685. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D361 March 26, 2015 
THE ADMINISTRATION’S STRATEGY TO 
CONFRONT ISIS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Strategy to Confront ISIS’’. Testimony was heard from General John Allen, USMC, Retired, Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, De-partment of State; Brigadier General Michael Fantini, USAF, Middle East Principal Director, Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Inter-national Security Affairs, Department of Defense; and Brigadier General Gregg Olson, USMC, Deputy Director for Middle East, Joint Staff Strategic Plans and Policy, Department of Defense. 
LEADERSHIP CHALLENGES AT THE 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a business meeting to consider rules change and a hearing entitled ‘‘Leadership Challenges at the De-partment of Homeland Security’’. The committee agreed to a committee resolution amending the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, De-partment of Homeland Security; and Maria M. Odom, Ombudsman, Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. 
EFFECT OF THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 
BUDGET AND LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS FOR THE BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT AND THE U.S. FOREST SERVICE’S ENERGY AND MINERALS PROGRAMS ON PRIVATE SECTOR JOB CREATION, DOMESTIC ENERGY AND MINERALS PRODUCTION AND DEFICIT REDUCTION 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the President’s FY 2016 Budget and Leg-islative Proposals for the Bureau of Land Manage-
ment and the U.S. Forest Service’s Energy and Min-erals Programs on Private Sector Job Creation, Do-mestic Energy and Minerals Production and Deficit Reduction’’. Testimony was heard from Neil Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Management; and Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Service. 
DESTRUCTION OF RECORDS AT EPA— 
WHEN RECORDS MUST BE KEPT 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on En-vironment, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Destruction of Records at EPA—When Records Must Be Kept’’. Testimony was heard from Paul M. Wester, Jr., Chief Records Officer, National Archives and Records Administration; Kevin Christensen, Assist-ant Inspector General for Audit, Office of Inspector General, Environmental Protection Agency; and a public witness. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 1560, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act’’. H.R. 1560 was or-dered reported, as amended. This markup was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MARCH 27, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD362 March 26, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate continued in the session that 
began on Thursday, March 26, 2015. See next volume of the Congressional Record. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
1 p.m., Monday, March 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E434 
Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E436 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E434, E443 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E438 
Carter, John R., Tex., E436 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E432 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E434 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E438, E446 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E436, E442 Costa, Jim, Calif., E439, E439 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E447 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E437 Delaney, John K., Md., E427 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E425, E426, E429 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E435, E441, E444 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E446 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E429 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E445 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E437 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E441 Kato, John, N.Y., E426 Keating, William R., Mass., E426 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E427 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E425, E426 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E427 
Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E445 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E428, E441 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E435 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E425 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E437 Olson, Pete, Tex., E431, E434, E437, E439, E440, E442, 
E445, E447 
O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E445 Price, Tom, Ga., E431 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E430 
Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E428 Serrano, Jose ´E., N.Y., E431, E435, E438, E444 
Sessions, Pete, Tex., E425 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E425 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E444 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E445 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E432, E436, E440, E443, 
E446 
Valadao, David G., Calif., E431 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E426 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E433, E441 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E433 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E440 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E428 Young, David, Iowa, E430, E432, E433, E435, E437, E438, 
E439, E440, E443, E446 
(Senate proceedings for today will be continued in the next issue of the Record.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Mar 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26MR5.REC D26MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST