Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5241 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 2015 No. 111 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
With renewed inspirations, we com-
mend to You the Members of Congress, the President, his Cabinet, and all who struggle to lead Your people. May they acknowledge Your sovereignty over all events and times. 
Renew America in confident faith 
and deepen our commitment to seek peace—help us to work together when confronting those whom we find it dif-ficult to trust, but with whom we must try to forge a common future of secu-rity and prosperity. 
In all, inspire the Members of this 
people’s House with Your spirit, that all might seek to find first areas of agreement, where possible, and open-ness to honest exchange where it is not. 
May all that is done within the peo-
ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Arkansas (Mr. C RAWFORD ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CRAWFORD led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD MUST 
ANSWER FOR ORGAN HARVESTING 
(Mr. HULTGREN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to deplore the deeply disturbing actions of Planned Parenthood, which has no reservations about using macabre tactics to harvest the lungs, livers, heads, and hearts of aborted ba-bies. 
This week, a video investigation 
caught the organization’s senior direc-tor of medical services eagerly pro-moting the harvesting of such body parts, purportedly for medical re-search. The director said she holds a daily huddle to determine how best to obtain them from unborn children scheduled for abortion. Callously dis-cussing a menu of aborted body parts over lunch and red wine demonstrates a new level of depravity. 
Planned Parenthood’s damage con-
trol fails to answer two basic ques-tions: Have their affiliates done ‘‘bet-ter than break even’’ and profited from the sale of baby body parts? And under what medical, ethical, or legal code is it okay to choose a particular abortion method to preserve particular organs for harvesting? 
Nothing can erase what was caught 
on tape. Trafficking in human body parts is a Federal offense. Planned Par-enthood receives over half a billion in taxpayer dollars every year. 
I am calling for a stop to their inhu-
mane practices and support the re-newed congressional investigation into 
the organization. 
f 
BEST WISHES TO PRESIDENT 
GEORGE H.W. BUSH 
(Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, when I was first elected to office, I had the preeminent privilege of meet-ing with a President of the United States of America. It was one of the most rewarding and gratifying meet-ings that I have had. 
At that meeting, we talked about 
many things. One of the things that I walked away from the meeting with was a sense and spirit of bipartisanship and how important it was to be able to work with people across lines. 
I am honored to tell you that that 
President was George Bush 41. I under-stand that he has suffered an injury. I want him, his family, and all to know that I will keep them in my prayers as they move forward. He recently cele-brated a birthday, and I wish him many, many more birthdays. 
God bless you, President Bush, and 
God bless the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
HONORING MARVIN ‘‘BUTCH’’ 
BADEN 
(Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Marvin ‘‘Butch’’ Baden. 
Butch began his career in the U.S. 
rice industry in 1958 as an ‘‘office er-rand boy’’ at Riceland Foods. He has served in many capacities since that time, including his current role as sen-ior vice president of rice sales at Pro-ducers Rice Mill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.000 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5242 July 16, 2015 
During Butch’s 37 years at Producers 
Rice Mill alone, he has marketed the equivalent of 1.3 billion bushels of rough rice, which translates to about 20 million metric tons of both milled and brown rice. 
In 1981, when U.S. rice acreage ex-
ploded from 2 million acres per year to just under 4 million acres, new market access for U.S. rice was crucial in sup-porting prices for U.S. rice farmers. Butch was one of the critical pioneers at the time who dramatically expanded the export demand for U.S. rice. 
Butch was directly involved in the 
opening of new export markets for U.S. rice in the Caribbean, Iran, Iraq, and Nigeria. Butch also expanded U.S. rice exports in Europe, Saudi Arabia, and South Africa. 
With nearly 50 percent of the U.S. 
rice production required to be ex-ported, the fruits of Butch’s efforts not only enhanced the returns of the farm-ers he worked for, but the new export demand for U.S. rice also benefited the market prices of all U.S. rice farmers. In all, Butch has logged nearly 9 mil-lion air miles on behalf of the U.S. rice industry. 
From humble beginnings as an office 
errand boy, Marvin ‘‘Butch’’ Baden, through hard work and perseverance, has earned and achieved the highest level of respect and appreciation with-in the U.S. rice industry. 
f 
HONORING DON NEWTON 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Don Newton, a proud 40-year member of the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers, Local 56, of West Chi-cago, Illinois—and a friend of mine— who passed away recently. 
There was a time when workers 
fighting for their rights were met with lead pipes and management-paid gangs. Today, they fight for their rights with picket lines, elections, and the rule of law and with icons like Scabby, the in-flatable rat. 
Scabby the Rat, a towering, inflat-
able mascot of labor protests, was dreamed up by Don Newton and fellow organizer Ken Lambert during labor disputes of the 1990s. Today, Scabby can be seen throughout the country, reminding us of the constant struggle for fair wages and safe working condi-
tions and the importance of unity and solidarity in labor disputes. 
On the front lines of protests, as 
workers fight to hold on to the protec-tions they need to maintain fair wages and a healthy middle class, Scabby the Rat and the memory of Don Newton will never be forgotten; and you can now follow Scabby the Rat on Wikipedia and Facebook. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, President Obama announced a nuclear agreement with Iran that falls far short of the commitments he made to the American people. 
This agreement simply does not stop 
Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons. It lifts an arms embargo against the world’s number one state sponsor of terror. It also opens the possibility for Iran to acquire ballistic missiles capa-ble of reaching anywhere in the world. 
The President’s agreement ends sanc-
tions, frees up hundreds of billions to help Iran’s economy, and will allow an unrepentant Iran to finance terrorism around the world, undermining the safety and security of the United States, Israel, and our allies. Never for-get Iran is responsible for the deaths of 
hundreds of American servicemembers, from Beirut to Baghdad, and beyond. 
The initial ‘‘anytime, anywhere ac-
cess’’ standard for monitoring Iran’s nuclear program is replaced with ‘‘managed access,’’ where we have to ask permission before entering sus-pected facilities. 
This deal does not make the world 
safer. Far from ending the potential of a nuclear arms race in the Middle East, it all but guarantees one. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA: WHAT’S 
NEXT? 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand in strong support of the Make It In America plan and working to strengthen America’s great manufac-turing comeback. One of the biggest threats to that comeback is the grow-ing skills gap in manufacturing, which is why I and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have joined together to lead the Congressional Investment in America’s Workforce Caucus. 
Through initiatives like Make It In 
America and the CIAW Caucus, we are working to expand apprenticeships and on-the-job training, increase employer- provided educational benefits, and pro-vide tax credits for businesses who pro-vide critical workforce training. 
Some of the efforts in my district are 
already seeing results. According to yesterday’s Detroit Free Press, Wayne County, in my district, is leading the Nation in new manufacturing jobs added last year. Three other counties in the State of Michigan were added as well. 
If we keep this up and if we continue 
to work to close that manufacturing gap, we can make it in America. 
f 
SENATE DEMOCRATS ARE PUT-
TING OUR NATIONAL SECURITY IN JEOPARDY 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to voice my con-cerns over Senate Democrats standing in the way of funding our national se-curity. Once again, we find ourselves in a position where Democrats in the Sen-ate are attempting to extort higher Federal spending on their social agenda in return for adequately funding our troops. 
To be clear, this House passed a 
spending bill with the same proposed spending limits that the President of the United States asked for, but Senate Democrats are using the 60-vote rule to prohibit this appropriation measure from coming to the floor. 
General Dempsey, Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs, recently said: 
Since 2011, global disorder has significantly 
increased while some of our comparative military advantage has begun to erode. 
We have seen this before, Mr. Speak-
er, where our security becomes a polit-ical bargaining chip. This is irrespon-sible, and I respectfully request my colleagues in the Senate to abandon these tactics. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to stop this dangerous game and support the Defense Appropria-tions bill. 
f 
HOLDING THE VA ACCOUNTABLE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our vet-
erans have earned the care they are due to receive through the Department of Veterans Affairs. So many men and women of the military put their lives on the line every day to ensure the safety and security of our country. 
Unfortunately, bad news coming out 
of the Department continues to pile up. This week, it was revealed that nearly one-third of the 847,000 veterans with pending applications for health care may have already passed away. 
This means, at some point in their 
lives, over 200,000 men and women who served our country bravely weren’t able to access the care that they were promised. These benefits were earned through service, but due to mis-management, they remained in an end-less waiting line. 
Mr. Speaker, we can and must do bet-
ter for our Nation’s servicemen and -women. We must continue to institute reforms at the VA to ensure that our veterans receive proper care. 
f 
WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN 
FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2898. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
AMALFA ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.002 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5243 July 16, 2015 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 362 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2898. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b0913 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentlewoman from Wyoming 
(Mrs. L
UMMIS ) and the gentleman from 
California (Mr. H UFFMAN ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, the 
American West is in the midst of a se-vere drought, especially central Cali-fornia. This problem demands swift ac-tion, with tens of thousands of trees, plants, jobs, food, and livelihoods at stake. 
H.R. 2898 will help bring our Western 
water supply infrastructure into the 21st century, making it more drought resistant. The bill also addresses the manmade Federal decisions that are exacerbating the drought. 
H.R. 2898 ensures scientific trans-
parency in Federal actions that are lit-erally taking water away from people that desperately need it, all for ques-tionable benefit of endangered fish. 
The bill also requires the deployment 
of more effective management tools like addressing the nonnative fish that are harming the endangered fish. 
b0915 
West-wide, the bill takes steps to 
build new water storage that is crucial to the well-being of Western commu-nities and economies. To assist non- Federal projects, the bill creates a one- stop shop for water storage permitting at the Bureau of Reclamation. 
Oftentimes, Federal agencies overlap 
or conflict with each other when it comes to permitting non-Federal facili-ties. This provision forces them to sit down with one lead agency, the Bureau of Reclamation, to resolve issues and expedite permitting. 
For Federal projects, the bill creates 
a streamlined and transparent process for the Bureau that mirrors the Army Corps’ provisions in the Water Re-source Reform and Development Act of 2014, which was enacted by over-whelming bipartisan majorities in both Houses of Congress. 
To offset the bill’s implementation 
costs and finance new water storage, the bill allows irrigation districts and water utilities to prepay their share of 
the capital costs of Federal water projects. 
Mr. Chairman, some water users are 
prohibited from paying off contracts early. This is nonsensical. Congress has lifted the restrictions in piecemeal fashion before, and it is time to dis-pense with it altogether. 
One way to efficiently construct new 
storage is to allow the Bureau of Rec-lamation to make water storage im-provements during the course of mak-ing safety improvements. H.R. 2898 al-lows the Bureau to do just that. 
Finally, the bill prohibits the Depart-
ments of the Interior and Agriculture from holding public land permits hos-tage unless permittees give up their State-endowed water rights. This will put a stop to the Federal Government’s repeated attempts to grab water rights at the expense of State authority from the Forest Service’s interim directive for ski area permits to the Service’s ill-fated groundwater directive. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill takes a com-
monsense approach to solving water problems in the West, and I urge its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, July 8, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015.’’ 
This legislation contains provisions within 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X ju-risdiction. As a result of your having con-sulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with re-spect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of 
Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : On July 9, 2015, the 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered re-ported with amendments H.R. 2898, the West-ern Water and American Food Security Act of 2015. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Ag-
riculture to be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled expeditiously by the Majority Leader. 
This discharge in no way affects your juris-diction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agri-culture represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources as well as in the Congressional Record to memorialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request, and for your continued strong co-operation between our committees. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
It was just last winter that we were 
here on the House floor talking about another so-called drought bill that my Republican colleagues were attempting to slam through the House within just a few days of its introduction. 
This time the bill has a different 
title, but it is pretty much the same bill. We are back today to consider yet another bill that harms West Coast fisheries and tribal interests, another bill that undermines State law, an-other bill that micromanages the most complex water system in the world in a way that benefits a select few at the expense of many others across the State of California, another bill that is going nowhere. 
We have a SAP from the administra-
tion. We have a withering three-page letter of opposition critiquing the bill from the Department of the Interior. The two largest circulation papers in California have both editorialized against it. The State of California is on record opposing prior versions of this bill. 
Now, unlike last year, when the 
House did not allow any amendments to the bill, we are here today with 4 out of 5 Republican amendments made in order and 4 out of 24 Democratic amendments made in order. 
That may seem like marginal 
progress over the 113th Congress’ very closed process, but that is no way to do business and certainly no way to get a bill signed into law. With something as complicated and important as Cali-fornia water, we really should make sure everyone has a say, and that is what Democrats have attempted to do. We have introduced a drought response bill, H.R. 2983, which is a comprehen-sive drought bill. It brings everyone to the table. 
This bill had 6 weeks of public review 
before even being formally introduced, resulting in substantial crowdsource changes to the bill. Our water future 
deserves that kind of open debate and real solutions. 
I have been joined by 34 cosponsors 
on that bill because it provides both short- and long-term investments in water supply reliability, the kind of tools that all Western States will need. 
My bill includes significant resources 
to support farmworkers and others who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.003 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5244 July 16, 2015 
are out of work, not just lipservice. 
And I submit that if my Republican colleagues really care about the chal-lenges faced by farmworkers and others affected by this drought, they will join us in backing real solutions that pro-vide meaningful assistance in addition to stretching our limited water sup-plies. 
Our bill is supported by the Associa-
tion of California Water Agencies, Cali-fornia sanitation agencies, numerous other water agencies, environmental groups and stakeholders, and both the L.A. Times and the San Francisco Chronicle have editorialized in favor of the Democratic alternative drought re-sponse bill and opposed to the bill we are considering here today. 
Mr. Chairman, let’s have some hear-
ings. Despite the importance of this issue, we have held no legislative hear-ings on drought responses in the 114th Congress, not on the majority’s bill, not on my alternative. 
Let’s have hearings on both bills. 
Let’s see which one produces the most water, which one produces that water more quickly, and which one produces it more cost-effectively and more reli-ably. 
I hope that someday, Mr. Chairman, 
we will be discussing real water solu-tions in that spirit, vetted in an open hearing, that can actually produce something that will be signed into law, instead of the same tired, divisive ideas that pit our State’s water users against each other. 
Now, a lot of people have asked me: 
Why do your Republican colleagues refuse to have serious hearings on their water proposal? I think the answer is pretty clear. Like its predecessors, we are here considering a bill that, when it is exposed to public scrutiny, simply falls apart. 
Here’s what the Department of the 
Interior said last week in a letter to our committee, in lieu of testimony, of course, because there was no legisla-tive hearing on the bill. They said: ‘‘In-stead of increasing water supplies, H.R. 2898 dictates operational decisions and imposes an additional new legal stand-ard. Instead of saving water, this could actually limit water supplies by cre-ating new and confusing conflicts with existing laws, thereby adding an unnec-essary layer of complexity to Federal and State project operations. As a re-sult of this additional standard, we be-lieve H.R. 2898 will slow decision-making, generate significant litiga-tion, and limit the real-time oper-ational flexibility that is so critical to maximizing water delivery.’’ 
Although the Pacific Fishery Man-
agement Council wasn’t given an op-portunity to actually testify on this bill, again, because we had no hearings, they opposed last year’s version, and they wrote to us this week to say that they are on record on what appears to be similar legislation. Specifically, they are concerned about the bill’s pro-visions that redirect water away from salmon habitat. The closure of the West Coast salmon 
fishery in 2008 and 2009 required $158 million in Federal disaster relief. And, sadly, the Rules Committee did not allow a vote on our amendment to re-quire a full Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council review of this legislation. 
There is no question that this bill ex-
plicitly preempts State water law, and it waives and weakens the application of bedrock Federal environmental laws, including the Endangered Species Act and NEPA, but the Rules Com-mittee did not allow a vote on my amendment to protect California water law from preemption nor my amend-ment to strengthen the water rights protections in the bill. It seems that the issue of states’ rights is simply an inconvenient subject when it comes to Republican water legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, water is a complex 
subject, but it doesn’t have to be par-tisan combat. It doesn’t have to scape-goat environmental laws or pit one re-gion against the other in a zero-sum game. 
I chaired the California Assembly’s 
Water Committee during the last drought in 2009, and we did it the right way. We held lots of hearings. We brought interests from all over the State together and, in the end, al-though it was a lot of work, through that deliberative, transparent process we produced comprehensive water leg-islation that was supported by Repub-licans and Democrats from all corners of the State. 
Last year, Mr. Chairman, a near 
unanimous California legislature agreed on a multibillion-dollar water bond that has created significant water reforms in full public view. If my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle would just give up on the idea of ram-ming the same divisive ideas through Congress every few months, we too might be able to make some progress on solving water problems. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
droughts are nature’s fault, but water shortages are our fault. They are a de-liberate choice we made nearly 40 years ago when we stopped building new dams. We haven’t added a major res-ervoir in California since 1979, while the population of our State has nearly doubled. 
Even before the drought, leftist poli-
cies created severe water shortages in California’s Central Valley, dev-astating the economy and creating the spectacle of food lines in one of the most fertile agricultural regions of our Nation. 
For 4 years, the House has passed 
comprehensive legislation to resolve this crisis before it became a crisis. For 4 years, Senate Democrats blocked it; but the public has now awakened, and the Senate has changed. 
The voices we hear in opposition are 
the same voices that have dominated Western water policy these past 40 
years. We now know where that leads. 
This bill doesn’t preempt California 
water law; it protects it by forbidding State officials from fulfilling their threats to violate it. It comes at the request of local water agencies that are sick and tired of having their water ex-propriated by ideological zealots. 
It is time to choose between two very 
different visions of water policy. One is the nihilistic vision of the environ-mental left; increasingly severe, gov-ernment-induced shortages, forced ra-tioning, astronomical water prices, and a permanently declining quality of life for our children who will be required to stretch and ration every drop of water in their parched homes. The other is a vision of abundance, a new era of clean, cheap, and plentiful water and hydroelectricity; great new reservoirs to store water in wet years to assure plenty in dry ones; a society whose children can enjoy the prosperity that abundant water provides, including fresh and affordable groceries from America’s agricultural cornucopia. 
Mr. Chairman, we choose abundance. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The alternative vision that we offer 
is certainly not one of austerity and sacrifice; it is one of reality. 
There was a time when the reclama-
tion program from the Federal Govern-ment proceeded on the assumption that rain follows the plow. It was com-pletely wishful, completely delusional, and we seem to be hearing vestiges of that old argument even today. 
What Democrats offer are real solu-
tions—solutions that have been under-funded by Republicans for too many years, solutions that will generate more water and more water supply reli-ability than the Republican alternative we are considering. 
We continue to hear representations 
that are simply not correct. The claim that we haven’t built a major reservoir in California since 1979, tell that to the folks that built Los Vaqueros Res-ervoir or Diamond Valley Reservoir or many others. 
We hear that the doubling of the pop-
ulation in the last few decades is what is driving this crisis. Well, in fact, the urban centers where that population has doubled have held their demand flat. The population has gone up. The water consumption has not. 
We continue to hear that this bill— 
remarkably, we continue to hear that it doesn’t preempt State law. Well, Mr. Chairman, I would refer you simply to the CBO report at page 2, which recog-nizes that H.R. 2898 would impose intergovernmental mandates by pre-empting the ability of the State of California to enforce its own water management and wildlife preservation laws. There is no question that this bill preempts State laws, and saving money by telling Federal agencies they no longer have to comply with State laws is no way to make public policy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.005 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5245 July 16, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from the delta region California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). He has 
been a champion on sustainable man-agement of our water resources, and I am pleased to have him with us. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2898. 
Many of my colleagues here in Wash-
ington have told me they don’t want to get involved in the California water wars, and I don’t blame them. I don’t want them to get involved in the Cali-fornia water wars, but this legislation will do tremendous harm to the Cali-fornia delta, an area that I am privi-leged to represent. 
Let’s start with the facts. California 
is experiencing its driest year on record. In May, there was not even enough snowpack to measure. The United States Drought Monitor meas-ured that about 46 percent of California is in an ‘‘exceptional drought.’’ 
The so-called drought bill does noth-
ing to solve California’s water issues or address drought across the West. In-stead, it preempts State laws, reduces management flexibility, eliminates protection for salmon and other endan-gered species, and rolls back our Na-tion’s fundamental environmental laws. 
We need to look at real solutions and 
not waste time and resources recycling old, bad ideas. Moving more water south doesn’t answer our problems. It hurts delta farmers and the salmon in-dustry. We can’t pick and choose our economies. We need to fight for all of them. 
Let’s be clear. My Republican col-
leagues are basing a lot of their argu-ments on the idea that environmental regulations send too much water to the ocean that otherwise could be used by communities. But according to the State Water Resources Control Board, in 2014, 72 percent of the delta outflow was required to control salinity so that the delta’s water supply did not be-come too salty for agriculture or urban communities across the State. 
b0930 
If we override these laws, permanent 
damage will result for fishermen, farm-ers, families, and businesses through-out California. What I don’t understand is why our Republican colleagues keep fighting against protections that pre-serve the quality of water for their constituents. 
The Department of the Interior also 
opposes this bill because it would ‘‘im-pede an effective and timely response to the continuing drought while pro-viding no additional water to hard-hit communities.’’ 
And California doesn’t want Federal 
legislation to ‘‘weaken State and Fed-eral environmental protections . . . preempt State law . . . and favor one region of the State over another,’’ which is exactly what this bill does. 
We are a State known for innovation, 
and we have to support bold, forward- thinking solutions that create new 
water and don’t pit regions of Cali-fornia against each other. We should be supporting water efficiency, storage, reuse, recycling, water management, innovative water projects, and long- term approaches to water shortages. 
While this legislation will further 
disrupt a fragile delta and hurt its local economy, I, along with my col-leagues, will be pushing for solutions that create more water and respond to the needs of the entire State. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 20 seconds. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. I want to ask my 
colleagues in the Great Lakes region and the Florida Everglades to pay at-tention. This bill, if passed, will set a new precedent for grabbing freshwater over any environmental protections. Your water could be next. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 
2898. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. I thank the gentle-
woman from Wyoming (Mrs. L UMMIS ). 
Mr. Chairman, we have heard today 
and will hear quite a bit more claims from the opposition, and I think it is high time that we reintroduce facts into the debate on California water. 
My district is the source of much of 
California’s water and home to its larg-est reservoirs, just two of which can hold 8 million acre-feet, enough for 32 million people for an entire year. This water is delivered throughout the length of the State, and no other dis-trict provides so much for so many. 
However, even my constituents are 
facing mandatory rationing and fallowed fields. I support this measure because it respects State water rights and aids all Californians without favor-ing any region of the State over an-other. 
Ask the Bay Area lawmakers, who 
have expressed so much concern over ‘‘sparking a water war’’ where their water comes from. You will find that their water comes from my district, my colleagues’ districts in the Valley, as well as the Sierras. 
This bill advances planning of five 
surface water storage projects that would yield enough water for 9.6 mil-lion people, projects that two-thirds of Californians voted to fund with State money just last year. 
Yet, my disappointment here is that 
we have so many California legislators today and in the past that oppose any-thing we try to do to enhance the water supply and deliverability in the State of California. 
What is more, it isn’t human water 
use that is negatively impacting listed species. According to the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service and Delta Stew-ardship Council, 90 percent of endan-gered winter-run salmon are killed and eaten by invasive fish species before they even reach the delta. The opposition, despite all data to 
the contrary, denies that invasive spe-cies are a part of the problem. Years of lawsuits aimed at reducing water use haven’t helped at all endangered salm-on, but this bill takes real steps to aid that population. This bill takes action to reduce the populations of invasive species. 
While opponents may claim this bill 
impacts commercial salmon fishing, they won’t say that the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service found that com-mercial ocean fishing reduces the re-maining endangered winter-run Chi-nook population by as much as 25 per-cent. 
So there it is right there. 92.5 percent 
of endangered winter-run Chinook are killed by invasive species and commer-cial fishing outside of whatever hap-pens in the delta, 92.5 percent. 
When opponents claim that this bill 
alters the Endangered Species Act, ask them to show you the language where it does so. They can’t show you that because it doesn’t exist. Believe me, if I could, I would amend the Endangered Species Act to be more effective, actu-ally, in helping species as well as human needs. 
In fact, this bill enhances implemen-
tation of the ESA by requiring im-proved population monitoring and invasive species management, compo-nents that should be universally sup-portable. 
Mr. Chairman, let’s put a stop to the 
half-truths and misleading rhetoric, such as no hearings being held. We had two hearings as well as hearings in the Valley on this bill and its components. 
The opponents don’t believe that we 
should take any action at all, that nothing is wrong, despite 36 percent mandatory water reductions to homes—such as in my district, like in Redding—thousands of lost jobs, and a half million fallowed acres. 
These drought deniers claim that 38 
million people—soon to be 50 million in California—can prosper with water de-livery infrastructure built for 20 mil-lion people years ago, despite irref-utable evidence that our State’s econ-omy has dried up. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time to take ac-
tion and pass H.R. 2898. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, by 
way of clarification, the opposition does not oppose addressing invasive species that may have impacts on our fisheries. 
What we do agree with, though, is all 
of the serious science, including peer- reviewed science, that finds that water diversions are the main challenge and the main impact. And we cannot ignore the elephant in the room when we are talking about recovering our fisheries. 
As for this claim that there was some 
kind of a hearing in the Valley, Mr. Chairman, not in this Congress and not a real hearing. 
It doesn’t count when you have a Re-
publican swing through Fresno with a fundraiser and a rally and a press event and no Democratic ranking members in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.006 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5246 July 16, 2015 
attendance. That is not serious delib-
eration. 
We are talking about real hearings 
where diverse witnesses and water ex-perts and lots of Democrats get to par-ticipate in a serious and meaningful way. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ), the ranking member of 
our Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee of the T&I Committee, a champion on water issues for many, many years. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I thank my col-
league for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I do heavily oppose 
H.R. 2898. It does create no new wet water. 
I am hearing a lot of rhetoric on all 
these different things that have hap-pened. I have been on that sub-committee for 17 years, and I have heard it all. 
I have been to the Central Valley. I 
have been talking to farmers. But I don’t see any of my colleagues on the other side visiting southern California and checking out how we do things in San Diego and Los Angeles, to be able to have hearings with the water agen-cies and all those that are critically af-fected by what is affecting southern California. 
Now, this bill has been introduced. 
There has been no hearing in our Sub-committee on Water Resources and En-vironment. There has been no consulta-tion with Democrats, except one maybe, with no water agency, with State agencies, with cities, and with tribes. 
It does nothing for farmworkers, the 
ones who are really affected by the drought and who have no way of being able to have income or other way of subsidence. 
The bill focuses on the Central Val-
ley at the expense of the rest of both northern California and southern Cali-fornia. 
It requires mandatory pumping to 
agribusiness, which reduces southern California water deliveries. It creates a complicated and ill-defined system that is a very poor attempt at pro-tecting State water deliveries to south-ern California. 
And it is proof, also, that the authors 
know that the bill will reduce deliv-eries to southern California due to water quality and environmental prob-lems created with increased pumping to the Central Valley. 
This bill affects the entire country, 
the U.S., by weakening Federal envi-ronmental review laws, by creating un-reasonable deadlines for environmental review when the biggest problem with delayed view is ‘‘inadequate funding.’’ 
California’s Natural Resources Sec-
retary, John Laird, states that this bill would ‘‘reignite water wars, move water policy back into the courts, and try to pit one part of the State against another.’’ 
California Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , 
senior Senator, said the bill contains provisions ‘‘that would violate environ-
mental law.’’ 
California Senator B ARBARA BOXER  
says the bill ‘‘will only reignite the water wars.’’ 
The White House opposes this legisla-
tion and will veto it, saying that ‘‘it fails to address critical elements of California’s complex water challenges and will, if enacted, impede an effec-tive and timely response to the con-tinuing drought while providing no ad-ditional water to the hard-hit commu-nities.’’ 
We must work on this water issue in 
a bipartisan manner to address Califor-nia’s entire State drought. 
I have introduced H.R. 291, the Water 
in the 21st Century Act, which would provide actual drought relief to all of California with water conservation pro-grams, water recycling projects, groundwater improvement operations, stormwater capture solutions, and de-salinization. 
We need to support long-term solu-
tions with shovel-ready projects that quickly create water. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. There is a $300 
million backlog on title XVI for recy-cled water that would help southern California be able to wean itself off of the imported water. Key House Demo-cratic proposals have been excluded from the bill we are marking up today. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
oppose H.R. 2898. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, 18 
hearings in 5 years have been held on this subject. Democrat Members were invited to attend hearings in Cali-fornia. Only one chose to attend. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of Western Water and American Food Security Act. 
The Obama administration has exac-
erbated drought conditions in the West by putting the demands of extremist special interest groups ahead of hard- working American families. 
For example, Federal regulations and 
environmental lawsuits have allowed for hundreds of billions of gallons of water to be diverted into the San Fran-cisco Bay in order to protect a 3-inch fish. 
This has had a dramatic impact, kill-
ing thousands of jobs, harming our food supply, and leading to unemployement levels as high as 40 percent in some communities. 
H.R. 2898 is a balanced approach for 
combating drought conditions in the West. The bill protects private water rights and prohibits Federal takings. This legislation streamlines the Fed-eral permitting process and will in-crease water storage capacity. 
American families are hurting in the 
West and need some relief. H.R. 2898 will help ensure a reliable water supply for our citizens and our Nation’s ag producers. I urge adoption of this commonsense 
bill. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, more 
clarification is needed. We continue to hear about this legendary 3-inch fish that is apparently taking so much water from Californians. 
Facts are stubborn things. And the 
facts are that, over the last 2 years, that 3-inch fish has taken exactly zero water from those who depend on water diverted out of the delta system. 
As for employment levels, certainly 
folks are hurting from this drought throughout California and in other Western States. 
But with reference to agricultural 
employment, thanks to the incredible productivity of our farmers in Cali-fornia, ag employment was actually up 2 percent last year, another stubborn fact that needs to be remembered so that we can get the context of this bill right. 
I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ), our distinguished ranking 
member of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank the gen-
tleman from California for yielding me the time and for the good work he has done on the water issues in our com-mittee and for the rational thought he brings to the discussion. 
Mr. Chairman, the Endangered Spe-
cies Act is not causing the California drought, period. It is wrong to mislead the people living through the drought by telling them that the answer is to abolish environmental laws. It isn’t. 
But here come the House Republicans 
again with another unfounded attack on endangered species that will go ex-tinct without ESA protection. 
Here they come again, claiming 
‘‘power grab’’ and ‘‘overreach’’ every time that they don’t get their way. 
Here they come again, using a seri-
ous water challenge as an excuse to chip away at a law they don’t support, even if it is unrelated to the problem at hand. 
Millions of Californians need Con-
gress to take this drought seriously. But my friends across the aisle have decided their opposition to the Endan-gered Species Act is more important, and the drought in California is a con-venient excuse to dismantle ESA. 
We recently finished debating the In-
terior, Environment, and Related Agencies appropriations bill that now includes language that would jeop-ardize the survival of the African ele-phant, greater sage-grouse, gray wolf, northern long-eared bat, Sonoran desert tortoise, and many other endan-gered species. 
H.R. 2898 will add the delta smelt and 
several salmon and steelhead runs to the list of species that the House Re-publicans have decided we can do with-out. 
I guess we shouldn’t be surprised. 
After all, the sponsor of this legislation said last month on live television that he would ‘‘hopefully someday repeal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.007 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5247 July 16, 2015 
the Endangered Species Act.’’ That 
kind of rhetoric is not constructive, but is a useful glimpse into the real Re-publican agenda. 
b0945 
By showing what this bill is actually 
about, these comments tell us Repub-licans know that this is a distraction from the real problem. California faces a crippling drought and global warming that will continue to make the State drier and hotter, and the demand for water far outstrips supply. 
Californians will have to make some 
tough choices in this drought, but they do not need to choose to exterminate fish and wildlife resources that belong to the American people. Congress should not choose to do so either. 
People and wildlife can coexist, and 
the ESA is proving it. Since 1973, 99 percent of protected species have sur-vived, and the U.S. economy has tri-pled from just over 5 trillion to more than 16 trillion. Restoring delta smelt, salmon, and steelheads will have addi-tional economic benefit for commercial and recreational fishermen. 
If that isn’t enough, Americans are 
telling us that we have to protect spe-cies. Recent polling shows 90 percent of voters support ESA. 
Sadly, this bill is just another exam-
ple of House Republicans ignoring the will of the American people and driving the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 2898. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. V
ALADAO ), the sponsor of 
the bill. 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend from Wyoming, who has been a huge support on this legisla-tion. 
I hear on the other side that there 
are no real solutions in this bill, real solutions that actually help deliver water; and that frustrates me to no end because there are a lot of solutions that have a lot of support. 
We also hear that this delta smelt 
has had no impact on pumping this water out of the delta, when the Bu-reau of Reclamation, through their own estimates, say about a million acre-feet annually is impacted between the Central Valley project and the State water project. That is a govern-ment agency that is doing the restrict-ing and holding back the water that is telling us themselves. 
Then every year in the news, we hear 
another three fish were caught in the pumps. They are looking and counting, and they are already starting to figure out when they are going to turn the pumps off again so they can restrict the pumping of those fish. 
Then we hear this does not have an 
impact on farmworkers. Farmworkers aren’t looking for your handouts. They are sick and tired of sitting at home and taking a check. They want to work. They want to produce. 
They want to walk into a grocery 
store with the money they earned and purchase the products that they were 
involved in growing. To them, that is a sign of the American dream. It is a sign of having the opportunity to produce and to be a productive member of soci-ety and to show their family and raise their family in an environment that al-lows them to grow with a little bit of respect and dignity for what they do. 
Now, as far as the solutions in this 
bill that they claim don’t exist, res-ervoirs are a big deal. That is what holds water so that we can use it for later on in periods like now. We actu-ally asked to streamline the process so we can get those approved quicker. 
We have asked to end the studies 
that have been going on for nearly 15 years. We are 13 years into it, and $150 million of taxpayer money has been spent studying these things to no end. We want to end that. I don’t think that is unreasonable. The President seems to think it is, but I don’t see how it possibly could be. 
We target predator species that are 
actually having an impact on the delta smelt. According to studies, you hear about 95 percent of those delta smelt and salmonoid are being consumed by these predator species. We offer a solu-tion in order to take care of that prob-lem. 
Real science, we asked for a layer of 
bureaucracy. My opponent or my friend from the other side seems to think it is a layer of bureaucracy, but we are ask-ing for real science to be put in place to make sure that, when we decide to turn off these pumps to hurt the com-munities in the Central Valley, to put these people out of work, that real science is actually used; and we actu-ally try to verify that things are actu-ally accomplishing something when we turn these pumps off. 
As far as hearings, we have had hear-
ings. We wanted those hearings in the valley. We took the request of our friends on the other side, and we had the hearing right there in Fresno in the heart of the problem so they can see for themselves what this is causing, what effect this is having in our com-munities. 
Like my friend from Wyoming men-
tioned, we had one person show up; and I would like to thank that gentleman for coming, Mr. C
OSTA , and spending 
some time. It is his hometown, so he understands the issue well. 
This is something that we take very 
seriously. This bill is a comprehensive bill that covers a lot of different topics, but it also helps deliver real water. I don’t know what the difference be-
tween wet water and dry water is, but we are looking to deliver real water to the valley. 
If this didn’t deliver real water like 
they claim, what are they afraid of? What is the fear of this legislation passing if it doesn’t deliver, in their own words? 
We are looking to get some water, 
helping our community and helping people get back to work and grow deli-cious, wonderful American food that we are very proud of. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to cite testimony from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service before the State water board just a few months ago, February 18, 2015, in which they testified the delta smelt biologi-cal opinion has not required mandatory restrictions on water exports since early 2013, over 2 years ago. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), my distinguished colleague 
from Fresno. 
I do not agree with him on this par-
ticular bill, but I do want to say that he has been a champion for his district and certainly has great command of the water issue. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from California for yielding me 2 minutes. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port the Western Water and American Food Security Act that we are debat-ing here today. 
Yes, we are debating this issue, and 
this is not new. What you have exhib-ited here and seen this morning is where the water fault lines lie in Cali-fornia, and it also is reflective of many of the Western States. 
This 4 years of historic drought has 
pointed out clearly that we have a bro-ken water system in California. Here we are on the floor, having another de-bate over whether or not we are going to pass a bill to help people because, at the end of the day, these are people problems, people problems in every re-gion of California. 
Nowhere have those people been more 
impacted than in the San Joaquin Val-ley, which much of us represent. These are families where parents have lost their jobs, whose children are not able to attend school. These are farm-workers, these are farm communities that have felt the most severe impact of this drought and the water con-straints that we now are dealing with. 
My colleagues on the Democratic 
side argue that this is simply a cause of 4 continuous dry years, and while that is partially true, it ignores that that talking point doesn’t recognize that, in fact, we have a broken water system designed for 20 million people. 
Communities in the San Joaquin Val-
ley have seen their water supply re-duced long term by 40 percent, and ag-ricultural use has declined over the last 40 years because we are more effi-cient water users. Some, in my area, have had a zero water allocation the last 2 years. Zero, that is no water. 
This reduced reliability has impacted 
every region of the State to be sure. It has impacted large metropolitan areas like the Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, San Diego, as well as the small rural and often disadvantaged communities like those in the valley that I rep-resent. 
This measure, H.R. 2898, takes a step 
toward addressing this longstanding imbalance by enhancing scientific management of the water projects in California and then giving it greater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.008 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5248 July 16, 2015 
flexibility. It also provides additional 
storage. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentle-
woman. It provides additional flexi-bility to increase our water supply. We have to use all the water tools in the water management toolbox, and that includes increasing storage capacity, and it is about time that we began doing that. 
It also tries to address many of the 
other factors that are preventing the recovery of endangered species, like the invasive species that are the result of a lot of the decline in salmon in California. 
Let me quote Karen Hesse, an author 
of ‘‘Out of the Dust.’’ She said: ‘‘The way I see it, hard times aren’t only about money or drought or dust. Hard times are about losing the spirit and hope and what happens when dreams dry up.’’ 
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am here 
to tell you that a lot of the dreams are drying up in the people that I represent in the San Joaquin Valley. This drought is crushing their spirit, mak-ing them feel as if their dreams never become a reality and too often feel like they are the country cousin, literally and figuratively, of the two urban areas in southern California and north-ern California. 
The solution that California needs is 
not more talking points, but legisla-tion working together on a bipartisan basis. This legislation starts that proc-ess. It is a work in progress. Obviously, it will be amended. 
It will be changed as we work with 
the Senate later this fall. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding; and I thank my colleague on the other side, Mr. C
OSTA , for his work on this in 
the bipartisan bill. I thank Congress-man V
ALADAO for bringing it to the 
floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I come from a place 
that is called, for a very good reason, ‘‘America’s salad bowl.’’ We produce the vegetables; we produce the fruits, and we produce the nuts that feed the Nation. 
The Nation should know what the 
people in my district know: Food grows where water flows, and no water equals higher food costs. 
That is what the signs read across 
the district if you drive down the high-ways, but you can see trouble in more than just the signs you read. You see it in the parched farmlands, in the res-ervoirs that are all but empty, and in the faces of those whose jobs have dried up with the water. 
Now, I am talking about this as a 
Californian, a native from Bakersfield, but this isn’t a local problem. Half of the produce we eat in America is grown 
in California, and California is the eighth largest economy in the world. When California hurts, the entire Na-tion hurts as well. 
This is even bigger than just Cali-
fornia. Almost 40 percent of the West is facing a severe drought, and it is unde-niably clear that the status quo is unsustainable. 
If we do nothing, people will lose 
their livelihoods; water prices also con-tinue to go up, and America will have to rely more and more on foreign food, perhaps from countries that don’t have the same labor or environmental laws that we do. 
Now, we can’t make it rain, but we 
can’t give up either. Some people want to do just that, Mr. Chairman; some be-lieve that our way of life has to change, that it is time to focus on con-servation above all and manage our de-cline. I reject that. 
If California is in decline, then the 
American West is in decline, and the hope of so many generations is in de-cline. We will lose that pioneering spir-it that will lead us through the 21st century. 
Now, we have a bill before us today 
that rejects the idea that we have reached the heights of the shining city on a hill and that it is time to come back down to a world of limits and of uncertainty. We have never accepted failure; nothing, not even a historic drought, will make us start now. 
Here in the House, we have tried time 
and again to address this problem. This Congress, the last two Congresses, have addressed it before we hit a historic drought. Let’s not forget, just 5 years ago, we had 172 percent of snowpack. 
We talk a lot about desalinization, 
and I support it. What does desaliniza-tion do? It takes saltwater and makes it freshwater. Why in California do we allow our freshwater to become salt-water? Shouldn’t we protect that first? 
This bill takes ideas from both sides, 
as we just heard from Congressman C
OSTA and from this side. We designed 
the bill to move as much water down south to our farms and to our cities as possible without making any funda-mental changes to the environmental law. 
In reality, this bill is very simple. It 
does four things in California. We allow water to flow through the delta. We create a process to build more storage that has been promised so many years before but has been held in bureau-cratic red tape. We will increase the reservoirs, and we will protect the sen-ior water rights and the California State water project. 
This drought also extends beyond 
California. That is why this bill in-cludes so many provisions to help our friends in the Western States through their tough times as well. 
You see, Mr. Chairman, we have a 
challenge before us. It is a challenge of nature, yes; but it is also a change of policy, foresight, and plain common sense. For decades, our State and coun-try have faced droughts. For years, 
Californians have endured this drought. 
Now, we are here today to move for-
ward toward a solution. It is a solution built upon ideas from, yes, Democrats and Republicans. It is a solution that rejects the idea of decline and failure and says with a clear voice: We will not let the drought defeat us. 
California is better than that; the 
West is better than that, and, Mr. Chairman, America is better than that. We will not lose hope. We will solve the problem with or without you. 
b1000 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, could 
I inquire as to the balance of my time? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
California has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
The gentlewoman from Wyoming has 15
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the majority leader’s state-ments about when freshwater becomes saltwater. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), who represents the part of Cali-
fornia that understands the incredible ecological and economic value of that mixing zone where freshwater becomes saltwater, and represents communities that are on that thin blue line depend-ing on that point at which freshwater becomes saltwater. And if it were com-promised, and if that saltwater were al-lowed to intrude by virtue of some of the provisions in this bill, he rep-resents the front line of communities that would be very adversely impacted. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, he is absolutely cor-
rect. In my district, if that freshwater doesn’t run through and run out to the ocean, the saltwater runs back in. I have two major cities in my district that rely on that for a source of water. If this bill were to pass, their water supply is in jeopardy. You can’t drink saltwater; it just doesn’t work. 
California is in the middle of a very 
extreme drought. It is not due to a lack of pumping; it is not because of our State’s water regulations, and it is not because we are putting fish ahead of farms and people. It is because there is no rain and there is no snow. No bill can make it rain, but this bill makes a bad situation even worse. It is wrong for California. It won’t stop the drought; it won’t make it rain; but it will kill jobs, and it will ruin drinking water for millions of Californians. 
The State of California won’t support 
this bill because it ignores 20 years of established science and undermines our extensive efforts to implement equal measures to address longstanding water shortages. 
We have been down this road before 
in California. We ignored science and we diverted water out of the Klamath River, and nearly 80,000 spawning salm-on died. Communities were devastated and livelihoods were lost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.010 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5249 July 16, 2015 
This bill also sets a dangerous prece-
dent for every other State in our coun-try. California has longstanding water management rules. This bill overrides the very system of water regulations that Californians themselves devised to govern our State’s water supply. It tells local resource managers and water districts how to administer their water supply. 
If we pass this bill, we are telling 
every State in America that we are okay with the Federal Government un-dermining local experts and State laws from coast to coast. If that weren’t enough, this bill also undercuts long-standing environmental laws. 
The legislation we are debating today 
redefines the standard by which the Endangered Species Act is applied. This will weaken the law, increase the risk of species extinction, and lead to countless lawsuits and costly litiga-tion. It is as if the majority is holding wildlife responsible for our lack of rain. 
You will hear the other side talk 
about a little fish, the delta smelt, and how we are protecting fish at the ex-pense of people. The truth is, as the gentleman from California mentioned, that protection of the smelt hasn’t pre-vented one drop of water from being pumped south since 2013. We haven’t pumped more water south because there simply isn’t enough water. We are in a drought. 
I am not insensitive to the supply 
and demand reality of California’s water. I understand the concerns of the Central Valley farmers. I am a farmer myself. But if my well runs dry, the so-lution isn’t to steal the water from my neighbors. We need real solutions that are based on science and that work for everyone. This bill is not that solution. It is bad for California; it is bad for other States; it is bad for our environ-ment. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, facts 
are stubborn things. According to the Bureau of Reclamation, biological opinions involving species did reduce Central Valley’s exports by 62,200 acre- feet in 2014. Already this year, accord-ing to the Bureau of Reclamation, spe-cies have reduced Central Valley project waters to farmers by 280,000 acre-feet. Again, my source is the Bu-reau of Reclamation. 
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), chairman of the House 
Natural Resources Committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
the other day, Topper Shutt in his broadcast, said, ‘‘Today is going to be a glorious day.’’ He obviously was talk-ing about the sunshine outside, which means we should have done this bill yesterday so I could be on my deck right now, but that is beside the point. 
This is, though, a glorious day be-
cause we are finally doing a solution that helps people. Instead of just kick-ing the can down the road again for an-other year, we are going to find a solu-tion to this problem, this problem of a drought that is affecting the entire 
West to such a degree that one would think that Nostradamus’ quatrains have come true. But what we are doing here is finding a solution. 
Many of the opponents of this bill 
would simply say let’s pass more rain dances and hope something happens. What we are doing here is taking the advice of our pioneer forefathers and saying what we have, save. Do it as storage. And not just for California, but for the entire West. That is the purpose behind this particular bill. 
There are some concerns about envi-
ronmental issues that may or may not have been wise to do in the past. That is not the concern of this bill. We are not stopping any of that. What we are doing is finding a creative way to pro-vide for that, but also provide a way of getting water to people where they need it. 
In the middle of the last century, we 
did water projects and hydropower projects that helped us win the war. Now is the time to do water projects and hydropower projects to help us feed people in this Nation and in the entire world and to help out areas that have up to 50 percent unemployment. I have been down there and I have seen those particular communities, many of them first- and second-generation Ameri-cans, minorities who only want to pro-vide a decent living for themselves and for their families and to work. 
What we need to do is actually solve 
this problem so we can put people to work to provide food for this country and to provide jobs for people and to help people. That is what this bill is about: finally helping people with cre-ative solutions. If the Romans could build an aqueduct system to move water, we can build a system to move water that actually helps people. This is about people. 
Pass this bill. Let’s move it on. Let’s 
solve the problem. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ), my colleague from Los An-
geles, a city that, frankly, is pio-neering some of the most promising water management strategies we have in California, strategies that are re-flected in our alternative bill, for which I am grateful Mr. C
A´RDENAS is a 
cosponsor. They are stretching water supplies not just using imported water wisely, but managing recycled water, groundwater, treating storm water, working on the cutting edge. They de-serve Federal support for those proven strategies, support that our colleagues across the aisle have withheld for too many years. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague for yielding me time. Thank you for your wonderful work always on these issues. 
Ladies and gentlemen, what we have 
here is a failure to communicate, a failure to communicate our priorities, but, more importantly, as legislators, a failure to work on compromise. California is currently facing a his-
toric drought. We can no longer take water for granted. Every single Califor-nian has been forced to examine how much we truly depend on clean, reli-able water in our everyday lives. Cit-ies, residents, and businesses around the State are cutting back, but it is not enough. Unless the Western United States experiences significant rainfall in the near future, we will see ghost towns in extreme hardship for the most at-risk populations of our State. 
While much of the coverage in the 
media has been on brown lawns across the State and the rationing that is going on, the real impacts threaten the lives of hard-working families through-out our State. 
Take a trip through California’s Cen-
tral Valley. There you will see the gravity of the situation. You will see unemployment rates double or triple the national average, forcing families into makeshift dwellings that remind us of the Hoovervilles during the Dust Bowl. These families aren’t thinking of their brown lawns. They are thinking of the fact that they have lost their home. These families want their jobs back. They want to go to work so that they can feed their children. 
This bill and the various Democratic 
alternatives are works in progress. We have to find a solution, but this bill is not it. 
If we are serious about facing the 
challenges our constituents sent us here to solve, I am ready and willing to work with you, and with you, to make the necessary, tough decisions and compromises. 
I look forward to working with Mr. 
C
OSTA , whose district is facing the 
most significant impacts, and Senators D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and B ARBARA BOXER  
to craft a stronger bipartisan and bi-cameral solution. 
We have no choice but to find better 
ways to capture and transport water in all parts of the State to meet the needs of the people and our economy while protecting the environment and deli-cate species. We must not use this time of need as a way to pick partisan fights. We have to find legislation that protects our environment while we also protect California families. 
Lives are at stake. Ladies and gentle-
men, we need to come together and work together. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Interior and Envi-ronment of the House Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, here we go again, de-
bating solutions to California’s water woes, with each side making similar arguments we have heard for years. 
In fact, more than a decade ago, I 
was standing in this very spot, in the middle of the debate of the last signifi-cant Western water law that Congress has passed. We passed the CALFED law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.011 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5250 July 16, 2015 
in 2004 and hoped that it would help 
California establish reliable and afford-able water supplies that would help us get through dry spells like we are cur-rently experiencing. 
So why are we back here again debat-
ing many of the same issues? The sim-plest answer to that question is we al-lowed the ‘‘don’t build anything’’ fac-tion in California to block the critical investments we need to make in our State’s water infrastructure. 
The CALFED law authorized feasi-
bility studies for large water storage projects like Temperance Flat, Sites Reservoir, Upper San Joaquin, expand-ing Los Vaqueros Reservoir and raising Shasta Dam. A decade later, our State’s population has grown by 3 mil-lion new residents, and those projects are still being studied. Think about that for a second. California’s popu-lation has grown the same amount as the population of the entire State of Iowa, and we haven’t made a signifi-cant investment in our water infra-structure to accommodate those resi-dents. 
It is well past time to stop talking 
about these projects and start building them. Thankfully, the bill before us will move us in that direction by re-quiring our resource agencies to finally complete those decade-long feasibility studies. 
Of course, building water storage 
doesn’t help us in the short term, and it also requires excess water that can be diverted. That is why the Western Water and American Food Security Act injects commonsense and science in the operation of our water infrastruc-ture. 
When it does rain again, we simply 
can’t afford to make the same mis-takes we have made in the past and allow millions of gallons to flow out to the Pacific Ocean. Those wasted flows don’t benefit the environment, farmers, or California residents, and they must be directed to a higher, better use. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. F
ORTEN -
BERRY ). The time of the gentleman has 
expired. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, we 
have a clear choice before us today. We can continue to listen to those who op-pose investing in California’s water in-frastructure and we can believe we can restrict our way out of this problem, or we can recognize that California’s situ-ation today is far worse than it should be precisely because of our failure to build adequate water storage and re-store more science and commonsense into our water policies that are oper-ating today. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port the Western Water and American Food Security Act so that we can avoid being back here on the House floor dur-ing California’s next drought having 
these very same arguments. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 3 minutes remain-ing. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield 2 minutes to 
the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ), from the Sac-
ramento Valley. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleagues. 
We have been here before. I have lis-
tened to my colleagues who are the proponents of this bill over the last 5 years. As the previous speaker said, we have gone down this path before. 
There really is a solution. Unfortu-
nately, I guess all of us, in one way or another, hang on to our past rhetoric and ignore the opportunity that really demands our attention now to develop a comprehensive, good policy for Cali-fornia. 
b1015 
There is a lot in this bill that goes in 
the proper direction, and it is an im-provement over the past bills. There is no doubt about it. 
The issue of moving forward with the 
projects that are necessary, that is all good, dams and other kinds of pro-grams and the aquifer restoration. It is a good deal. However, in this bill, there are things that are very, very trouble-some. 
You cannot mandate by law the oper-
ations of the water systems in Cali-fornia or anywhere else. You cannot specify how they will be operating be-cause you do not know on a day-to-day or a year-to-year or a month-to-month basis what is actually going to be on the ground. 
So that portion of the bill that sets 
out those operating procedures should be removed. Goals, yes. Operating pro-cedures, no. It just won’t work. 
As said by both the Federal and 
State governments, if you were to move this bill forward into law, you would create chaos in California. Every paragraph, every comma, every word, in California water law—both in law and in court decisions—sets the prece-dent, but, unfortunately, this bill over-rides that. 
We are very close to it. We can put 
this together. My colleague, Mr. H
UFFMAN , has a proposal that is com-
prehensive, and it ought to be inte-grated into our programs and it ought to be integrated into this bill. But the kind of compromise and discussion that is necessary to develop a law that actually works has not been under-taken. 
I would urge my colleagues, the pro-
ponents of this bill, to slow it down, to let the State and Federal Governments continue to do what they are doing, and that is to operate this system to the maximum potential despite the fact that there is very, very little water. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. We can do this, 
but we have to work together. Unfortu-nately, that has not occurred; so I urge my colleagues, the proponents of this bill, to take the time to meet with 
those of us who will be the losers if this bill moves forward. We can all be win-ners. 
I draw your attention to Mr. 
H
UFFMAN ’s legislation, which is com-
prehensive, which will work, and which could be integrated into this legisla-tion. 
In the meantime, I continue to op-
pose it. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, re-
spectfully, when I was in the Central Valley in California, I saw chaos. It is already happening, and the people are desperate for a solution. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ). 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, for 7 or 8 
years, continually, the Republicans have offered solutions and, continually, nearly all of the Democrats have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
This isn’t about solutions, because 
the real solution the left wants is to idle over a million acres of farm ground in the San Joaquin Valley. This is why the forefathers of our State built a system that would withstand a drought of 5 years. 
Look, we need additional storage, but 
everyone in this body—anyone who knows anything about water—knows that, if you don’t fix the plumbing in the delta, if you don’t deal with the San Joaquin River settlement and if you don’t build a few new storage projects, over a million acres of farm ground are going to go idle. 
Those are the facts. Conveniently, 
most of my friends who are up here speaking on the left live in the coastal 
areas and get their water—they steal their water—from our area to give themselves pristine drinking water. That is what they do. 
Now we are going to be left with the 
chaos that has developed from over a million acres of farm ground coming out of production unless the Senate can take and act on this legislation quickly. 
Mr. Chair, in the summer of 2002, shortly 
before I was elected to Congress, I sat through an eye-opening meeting with rep-resentatives from the Natural Resources De-fense Council and several local environmental activist groups. Hoping to convince me to sup-port various water restrictions, they argued that San Joaquin Valley farmers should stop growing alfalfa and cotton in order to save water—though they allowed that the planting of high-value crops such as almonds could continue. 
Then, as our discussion turned to the 
groups’ overall vision for the San Joaquin Val-ley, they told me something astonishing: 
Their goal was to remove 1.3 million acres 
of farmland from production. They showed me maps that laid out their whole plan: From Merced all the way down to Bakersfield, and on the entire west side of the Valley as well as part of the east side, productive agriculture would end and the land would return to some ideal state of nature. I was stunned by the vi-cious audacity of their goal—and I quickly learned how dedicated they were to realizing it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.012 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5251 July 16, 2015 
HOW TO STEAL WATER AND GET AWAY WITH IT  
For decades, extreme environmentalists 
have pursued this goal in California with re-lentless determination. The method they have used to depopulate the targeted land—water deprivation—has been ruthless and effective. 
Much of the media and many politicians 
blame the San Joaquin Valley’s water short-age on drought, but that is merely an aggra-vating factor. From my experience rep-resenting California’s agricultural heartland, I know that our water crisis is not an unfortu-nate natural occurrence; it is the intended re-sult of a long-term campaign waged by radical environmentalists who resorted to political pressure as well as profuse lawsuits. 
Working in cooperation with sympathetic 
judges and friendly federal and state officials, environmental groups have gone to extreme lengths to deprive the San Joaquin Valley, the heart of much of the U.S. agricultural produc-tion, of much-needed water. Consider the fol-lowing actions they took: 
The Central Valley Project Improvement Act: 
Backed by the NRDC, Sierra Club and other extreme environmental groups, large Demo-cratic majorities in Congress passed the CVPIA in 1992 after attaching it to a must- pass public lands bill. The act stipulated that 800,000 acre-feet of water—or 260 billion gal-lons—on the Valley’s west side had to be di-verted annually to environmental causes, with an additional 400,000 acre-feet later being di-verted annually to wildlife refuges. 
Smelt and salmon biological opinions: Law-
suits filed by the NRDC and similar organiza-tions forced the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to issue, respectively, biological opinions on smelt (in 2008) and on salmon (in 2009). These opinions virtually ended operation of the Jones and Banks pumping plants—the two major pumping stations that move San Joa-quin River Delta water—and resulted in mas-sive diversions of water for environmental pur-poses. 
The San Joaquin River Settlement: After 
nearly two decades of litigation related to a lawsuit filed in 1988 by the National Re-sources Defense Council, Sierra Club and other environmental groups, San Joaquin Val-ley agriculture organizations agreed to a set-tlement in 2006, later approved by a Demo-cratic Congress and signed into law by Presi-dent Obama. The settlement created the San Joaquin River Restoration Program. The pro-gram, which aims to create salmon runs along the San Joaquin River, required major new water diversions from Valley communities. De-spite warnings from me and other California Republicans, agriculture groups naively ap-proved the settlement based on false prom-ises by the settlement’s supporters that Valley water supplies would eventually be restored at some future, unspecified date. 
Groundwater regulation: In September 2014, 
California Gov. Jerry Brown approved regula-tions requiring that water basins implement plans to achieve ‘‘groundwater sustain-ability’’—essentially limiting how much water locals can use from underground storage sup-plies. But these pumping restrictions, slated to take effect over the next decade, will reduce access to what has become the final water source for many Valley communities, which have increasingly turned to groundwater pumping as their surface water supplies were drastically cut. A LITANY OF HYPOCRISY  
As radical groups have pursued this cam-
paign to dry up the San Joaquin Valley, it’s worth noting some of their stunning contradic-tions, hypocrisies, fallacies and failures: 
‘‘There’s not enough water in California’’: 
Environmentalists often claim that the Cali-fornia water crisis stems from the state not having enough water to satisfy its rapidly growing population, especially during a drought. 
However, the state in fact has abundant 
water flowing into the Delta, which is the heart of California’s irrigation structure. Water that originates in the snowpack of the Sierra Ne-vada Mountains runs off into the Delta, which has two pumping stations that help distribute the water throughout the state. 
But on average, due to environmental regu-
lations as well as a lack of water storage ca-pacity (attributable, in large part, to activist groups’ opposition to new storage projects), 70% of the water that enters the Delta is sim-ply flushed into the ocean. California’s water infrastructure was designed to withstand five years of drought, so the current crisis, which began about three years ago, should not be a crisis at all. During those three years, the state has flushed more than 2 million acre-feet of water—or 652 billion gallons—into the ocean due to the aforementioned biological opinions, which have prevented the irrigation infrastruc-ture from operating at full capacity. 
‘‘Farmers use 80% of California’s water’’: 
Having deliberately reduced the California water supply through decades of litigation, the radicals now need a scapegoat for the result-ing crisis. So they blame farmers (‘‘big agri-culture,’’ as they call them) for using 80% of the state’s water. 
This statistic, widely parroted by the media 
and some politicians, is a gross distortion. Of the water that is captured for use, farmers get 40%, cities get 10% and a full 50% goes to environmental purposes—that is, it gets flushed into the ocean. By arbitrarily excluding the huge environmental water diversion from their calculations—as if it is somehow irrele-vant to the water crisis—environmentalists de-ceptively double the farmers’ usage from 40% to 80%. 
If at first you don’t succeed, do the exact 
same thing: Many of the Delta water cuts stem from the radicals’ litigation meant to protect salmon and smelt. Yet after decades of water reductions, the salmon population fluctuates wildly, while the smelt population has fallen to historic lows. The radicals’ solution, however, is always to dump even more water from the Delta into the ocean, even though this ap-proach has failed time and again. 
The striped bass absurdity: If the radicals 
really want to protect salmon and the Delta smelt, its a bit of a mystery why they also champion protections for the striped bass, a non-native species that eats both salmon and smelt. 
Hetch Hetchy hypocrites: The San Fran-
cisco Bay Area provides a primary support base for many environmental groups. Lucky for them, their supporters don’t have to endure the kinds of hardships these organizations have foisted on San Joaquin Valley commu-nities. 
While the radicals push for ever-harsher 
water restrictions in the Valley, their Bay Area supporters enjoy an unimpeded water supply piped in across the state from the Hetch Hetchy reservoir in Yosemite National Park. 
This water is diverted around the Delta, mean-ing it does not contribute to the Delta’s water quality standards. Environmental groups have conveniently decided not to subject Hetch Hetchy water to any sort of litigation that would cut the supply to the Bay Area. 
We’re from the government, and we’re here 
to help: Government agencies that catch smelt as part of scientific population measurements actually kill more of the fish than are de-stroyed in the supposedly killer water pumps. 
Hitchhiking salmon: The San Joaquin River 
Settlement is estimated already to have cost taxpayers $1.2 billion—and it’s clear to me that the total price tag will likely exceed $2 bil-lion—in a disastrous effort to restore salmon runs to the San Joaquin River. 
Moreover, the settlement legislation defines 
success as reintroducing 500 salmon to the river, which means spending $4 million per fish. The salmon, which have not been in the river for more than half a century, have proved so incapable of sustaining themselves that agents have resorted to plucking them out of the water and trucking them wherever they are supposed to go. It is a badly kept secret among both environmentalists and federal offi-cials that this project has already failed. 
A man-made state of nature: The radicals 
claim they want to reverse human depreda-tions in the Delta and restore fish to their nat-ural habitat. Yet the entire Delta system is not natural at all. It’s a man-made network of is-lands that functions only thanks to upstream water storage projects. In fact, without man- made storage projects, canals and dams, in dry years such as this the rivers would quickly run dry, meaning there would be no water and no fish. 
A THREE -STEP SOLUTION  
The radicals have pursued their plan me-
thodically and successfully; between the CVPIA, the biological opinions, and the San Joaquin River Settlement, around a million acres of farmland have been idled. What’s left of the water supply is inadequate for sus-taining Valley farming communities: South of the Delta, we now face an annual water sup-ply deficit of approximately 2.5 million acre- feet, or 815 billion gallons. 
In fact, with the state groundwater regula-
tions announced last year, the radicals are poised to achieve their goal. The depletion of groundwater is a direct effect—and indeed, was an intended result—of the radicals’ as-sault on our surface water. 
(After all, if farmers, churches, schools and 
communities can’t get surface water, they’ll predictably resort to ground water.) 
But the radicals have perversely cited the 
groundwater depletion they themselves engi-neered to justify regulating the groundwater supply. This is the final step in their program, since many farmers will not be able to keep growing food if they continue to receive zero water allocations and are restricted from tap-ping enough ground water. 
The Valley cannot endure this situation 
much longer, but the good news is that it’s not too late to save our communities. Led by the Valley’s Republican delegation, the U.S. House has passed legislation twice that would bring a long-term end to the water crisis. The solution comprises these three simple meas-ures: 
Return Delta pumping to normal operations 
at federal and state pumps. Because normal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.003 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5252 July 16, 2015 
pumping levels are already paid for, this 
measure would cost taxpayers zero dollars. 
Fix the San Joaquin River Settlement. In-
stead of continuing to spend hundreds of mil-lions of dollars on an unworkable scheme to recreate salmon runs, we should turn the San Joaquin River into a year-round flowing river with recirculated water This approach would be good for the warm-water fish habitat and for recreation, and it would save taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars that will other-wise go down the salmon-run rat hole. 
Expedite and approve construction of major 
new water projects. This should include build-ing the Temperance Flat dam along the San Joaquin River, raising Shasta dam to increase its reservoir capacity, expanding the San Luis Reservoir and approving construction of the 
Sites Reservoir in the Sacramento Valley. Be-cause water users themselves should rightfully pay for these projects, they would cost federal taxpayers zero dollars. 
These measures would not only end the 
water crisis, they would improve the environ-ment for fish and wildlife—all while saving tax-payer dollars. 
THE PRICE OF INACTION  
I warned of the likely outcome of the radi-
cals’ campaign in my testimony to a House committee back in 2009: 
‘‘Failure to act, and it’s over. You will wit-
ness the collapse of modern civilization in the San Joaquin Valley.’’ 
That is indeed the grim future facing the 
Valley if we don’t change our present trajec-tory. The solution passed twice by the U.S. House, however, was blocked by Senate Democrats, who were supported by the ad-ministration of Gov. Brown as well as the Obama administration. These Democrats need to begin speaking frankly and honestly with San Joaquin Valley communities, and with Californians more broadly, about the effects of idling 1.3 million acres of farmland. This will ruin not only Valley farming operations, but will wipe out entire swathes of associated local businesses and industries. 
The damage is not limited to the Valley. Al-
though residents of coastal areas such as Los Angeles, the Bay Area and San Diego have been led to believe they are being subject to water restrictions due to the drought, that’s not actually true. As in the Valley, these areas and many others ultimately depend on the Delta pumps for their water supply. If the pumps had been functioning normally for the past decade, none of these cities would be undergoing a water crisis today. 
And it’s a safe bet that Brown’s mandatory 
water reductions will not alleviate the crisis, leading to a drastic increase in restrictions in the not-too-distant future. Watering your lawn, washing your car and countless other every-day activities will be banned up and down California. In their mania to attack Central Val-ley farming, the radicals are inadvertently run-ning the entire state out of water. 
ENDGAME  
Many organizations representing California 
agriculture, including water districts and— shockingly—even some San Joaquin Valley cities and counties, became part of the prob-lem instead of the solution, having lent no support to the House-passed water bills. Suf-fering from a strange kind of Stockholm Syn-drome, many of these groups and agencies hope that if they meekly accept their fate, their overlords will magnanimously bestow a few drops of water on them. This mousy strategy, which willfully ignores 
what the radicals are really trying to achieve, hasn’t worked out well for growers of almonds and other high-value crops. Although the radi-cals had been promising them a free pass back when the groups met with me in 2002, these growers have CS now become the radi-cals’ primary scapegoat for the water crisis. This condemnation is reflected in articles such as The Atlantic’s ‘‘The Dark Side of Almond Use,’’ The Guardian’s ‘‘Alarm as Almond Farms Consume California’s Water,’’ and Bloomberg View’s ‘‘Amid a Drought, Cue the Almond Shaming.’’ 
Sadly, the end is near for communities 
whose land will be forced out of production. One hopes the affected families will eventually find a more welcome home in some other state where those who wield power appreciate folks who grow our food instead of demonize them. 
But for now, the pitiless, decades-long as-
sault to deprive them of their livelihoods is hurtling toward its apex. Meanwhile, many of those capable of advancing a solution are content to wring their hands, blame global warming and continue whistling past the graveyard. 
Agriculture groups, water districts and mu-
nicipalities that refuse to support the two House-passed bills owe their constituents an alternative solution that will resolve our water shortfall. Water bureaucrats who ignore or op-pose the most prominent, viable solutions while offering no alternative are, in effect, complicit in the radicals’ long struggle. They should publicly declare which land ought to come out of production and which Valley in-
dustries should be eliminated since they have no proposals to steer us away from that out-come. 
The Valley’s critical situation today demands 
unity around constructive solutions. To para-phrase Benjamin Franklin, we must all hang together, or we will surely all hang separately. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
Mr. DENHAM. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding on this important issue. 
Mr. Chairman, some will say they are 
not voting for this bill because of the challenges they perceive are in it. The biggest problem with this bill is that it doesn’t do enough. 
We need millions of new acre-feet of 
water. We should be looking at the next generation. I want my kids to farm, but without new water supplies, we continue to see farmers go out of business. 
That speaks to the security of our 
food supply as a country. You can’t farm with a zero allocation of water, which is why you see the high unem-ployment, which is why you see farm-workers who are going to be homeless and without jobs this year, which is why you will see more farms go out of business. 
This is a battle that has gone on for 
quite some time, but this bill deals with some very small issues that will be very significant this year. 
We need to have the full debate about 
what our country is going to do with its water supplies and the greater stor-
age that we are going to need in the fu-ture. 
Yet, we are dealing with some com-
monsense issues like predator fish? Why would we try to save fish only to allow them to be eaten by a nonnative fish that eats 98 percent of the fish that we are spending millions of dollars to preserve? 
That is not an environmental solu-
tion any more than trucking fish around a river because the river can’t handle the fish. 
If you want to be an extremist, be an 
extremist and deal with the common-sense solution here. This bill moves us in the right direction. 
This will help farms stay in business, 
and this will allow us to continue to have jobs in the Central Valley and a vibrant food supply for the rest of the country. 
This bill is ripe for passing this 
morning, and we would ask for a bipar-tisan vote. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
Mr. TIPTON. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
Western Water and American Food Se-curity Act of 2015. 
My Water Rights Protection Act, in-
corporated as part of H.R. 2898, would uphold State water law and priority- based systems and provide water users with a line of defense from increasingly brazen Federal attempts to take pri-vate water rights without compensa-tion. 
These Federal water grabs undermine 
long-held State water law, priority- based systems, and our private priority rights. By extorting water rights from those who hold water rights under State law, the Federal Government is overreaching, violating private prop-erty rights and the U.S. Constitution. 
Federal land management agency at-
tempts to take or to control private water rights and circumvent State law have put the ski community, grazers, municipalities, and local businesses at risk. 
These private property rights are 
vital to Colorado and to the Western U.S. when it pertains to water. Many businesses depend on them as collat-eral to be able to get loans, expand, and create jobs. 
Water is our lifeblood. Water users 
need certainty that the Federal land management agencies are prohibited from future attempts to take privately held water rights. 
This legislation offers a sensible ap-
proach to preserve those rights. I urge its passage. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I was going to put this up, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.004 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5253 July 16, 2015 
but I don’t know how to work the tri-
pod very well. But it is a very impor-tant issue, and this is a very important chart because many have asked: Why would somebody from Illinois come talk about a bill that has to do with water in California? 
Look at this chart. 99 percent of the 
almonds, 99 percent of the dates, and 99 percent of the kiwis that we eat in cen-tral Illinois, in my district, come from the Central Valley of California. All of those crops need water to grow. 
Now, I want to thank my colleague 
from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ) for in-
troducing this bill. This is important to me because I have seen the Central Valley of California. I understand the importance of this industry to my con-sumers and as the subcommittee chair-man on the House Agriculture Commit-tee’s Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research. 
The issues we face here—changing 
policies in Washington, D.C.—affect the price of food that my consumers pay back in Illinois and affect the many Californians living in the Central Val-ley who are dealing with this tremen-dous issue. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. I 
want to thank all of my colleagues who are here today and encourage them once more. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, this year marks Califor-nia’s fourth consecutive year of the drought. In California alone, over 37 million people are impacted by the drought. 
The economic cost of the drought is 
expected to be nearly $3 billion, and al-most 19,000 agriculture-related jobs will be lost as a result. 
Our current drought is not the result 
of a lack of rain. It is the result of failed policies that have mismanaged critical water resources throughout the West. 
My colleagues and I in the House 
come before you today with a solution: the Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015. This vital bill will modernize our water infrastructure into the 21st century and will ensure that California is well equipped to han-dle future drought crises. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill and to stand with me as we work to provide Californians with the water re-sources they need. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
NIGHT ). 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 2898, the Western Water and American Food Security Act. And I will give just a couple of examples. 
I live in the desert of southern Cali-
fornia. I am not a northern California person, and I am not a Central Valley person, but I am a desert rat in Cali-
fornia who understands water is imper-ative to all of our needs. 
What is happening in my district 
right now is a 35 percent reduction in water. That is what they are request-ing. All of our water companies have come forward and have said that they are raising the rates between 30 and 40 percent. 
Now, let me tell you that you cannot 
reduce your water by 35 percent. You just cannot do it in a single family house. You can reduce. You can get down to about 10 or 15 percent. But when you are talking 35 percent, it just doesn’t happen. That is the life we are living in today. 
I have been sitting here for about an 
hour, and I have taken a few notes about what might happen if we pass this. 
One of the things that hit me was re-
ignite the environmental wars, reignite the problems that we are having with water in California. 
Let me tell you that I don’t believe 
there is a State in the Union that is going through as many adjudications of water than is happening in Cali-fornia right now. 
If we are talking about reigniting the 
water wars or about reigniting the en-vironmental wars, they are happening today, right now. 
In my district alone, we have water 
adjudication that has been going on for 17 years. If we are talking about re-igniting the environmental wars, it is happening right now, today. It is not just the delta smelt. It is the environ-mental impacts that we are putting on fish above people. 
In my district, again, we have an 
issue where the Department of Water and Power from L.A. cannot release water down a canyon to help the people in the canyon because we have the stickleback fish in there. 
They are afraid that it is going to 
harm that fish; so they have reduced the water from 1,200 acre-feet a year to 300 acre-feet. The environmental wars are happening in California today. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. KNIGHT. If we do not do some-
thing today, then when? When do we do something? When do we go back to our constituents and say that we are actu-ally working on the number one pri-ority in California? A State without water is dead. 
I did a tele-town hall 2 weeks ago. I 
took 18 phone calls in 1 hour. There were 17 phone calls that were on water, and on one phone call, he had no idea what he was talking about. But 17 phone calls out of 18 were on water. This is the number one priority. 
If not today, when? Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, we 
have no more speakers, and we are pre-pared to close. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
We have a bill, unfortunately, that 
would run roughshod over California State law with respect to water, with respect to the management of wildlife. 
It is a bill that would do harm to the 
Endangered Species Act and other en-vironmental Federal laws. It is a bill that would, indeed, ignite a water war rather than seriously solve problems on this important issue. 
Don’t take it from me. Take it from 
other serious voices that have exam-ined this bill and the Democratic alter-native. Take it from the Los Angeles Times. Take it from the San Francisco Chronicle. Take it from the Depart-ment of the Interior and from the Obama administration, which has issued a veto threat. 
b1030 
This is the same bill that has passed 
on party lines each of the last few years, only to be parked in the Senate and go nowhere. It is high time that we start talking to each other and work-ing with each other on serious, bipar-tisan solutions for our water chal-lenges instead of playing party politics. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I 
would prefer to take it from the farm-ers who are desperate for water. These are people who have instituted con-servation measures that cost them mil-lions of dollars, changing their crops from things like lettuce and tomatoes to almond and pistachio trees with drip irrigation systems that conserve tre-mendous amounts of water. Still, those trees were allowed to dry up and die. 
Mr. Chairman, to close, I yield the 
remainder of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), the 
sponsor of this bill. 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to begin by thanking so many on both sides of the aisle who worked very hard on this legislation. We spent months working on this. We have crafted it throughout the begin-ning of this Congress, and it has been an important bill. It is going to con-tinue to be an important bill. We look forward to seeing who has the courage to stand up and actually vote to help the folks of California. 
When we see the situation that is 
going on out there in the valley and we see the faces of these people standing in the food lines, the people who have worked so hard for so many years to help build farms, to help build busi-nesses for their families and we see those farmworkers who have come and had the opportunity to put their kids through school. Many of them end up in really great places, some of them even in Congress, like myself. You see so many different opportunities that come from the valley. 
When we have a situation like we 
have today, where we have literally been cut off from water, we have had years in the past decade where we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.014 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5254 July 16, 2015 
had abundance of water and abundance 
of snowpack, and we still get a small fraction of the contracted amounts. Now, today, we are down to zero. 
When people speak of conservation, 
we have got to find a way to conserve water, we have got to find a way to save water, absolutely. We have done those things. We have implemented a lot of different programs, from drip ir-rigation, to change of crops, to even trying to breed better, more drought- tolerant crops. 
We have done what we can. We do it 
in our homes; we have done it in the way we live our lives, but at the end of the day, you can’t conserve anything from zero because zero is nothing. There is nothing left. What it has done to our economy, what it has done to the people in the valley, what it has done to the Nation, what it has done to food costs across the Nation, when we look at all the different programs, when we are looking for a place to save money, food cost is having a huge im-pact on us all throughout the country. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong op-
position to H.R. 2898 because it upends dec-ades of state and federal water law and need-lessly pits water users against one another. In the midst of California’s worst drought in its history, this bill mandates that certain interests come out ahead of others. 
California is currently in the fourth year of a 
punishing drought that has forced every resi-dent to conserve water, has caused millions of acres of agricultural land to be fallowed, and places us at risk of major wildfires. But, this crisis should not be used as an excuse to per-manently upend a century of water law and countless protections for threatened and en-dangered wildlife. 
H.R. 2898 will weaken or override decades 
of state and federal law, including California state water law and the California Constitution; the state and federal Endangered Species Acts; the National Environmental Policy Act; and the San Joaquin River Settlement Act. This list should set off alarm bells for any pro-ponent of states’ rights or cooperative fed-eralism. For over a century, the federal gov-ernment has deferred to state water law when-ever possible, but this bill unwinds that history entirely. 
And what do we gain by discarding a cen-
tury of water law and species protections? Ac-cording to the Department of Interior which manages the Delta collaboratively with the state, this bill ‘‘will not provide additional meaningful relief to those most affected by the drought.’’ Local conservationists predict that this bill would cause a complete extinction of the Delta smelt and would accelerate the de-cline of the wild salmon and steelhead runs in California which have been an important part of the Northern California economy since the mid-19th century. 
Instead of taking up partisan legislation that 
will start a new water war in California, Con-gress should be providing immediate relief to drought-impacted communities and should in-vest in long-term drought resilience measures such as conservation, recycling, and desalina-tion, which would drastically increase the amount of water available to farmers in the 
Central Valley. 
This irresponsible bill would override 
science-based management of the delicate Delta infrastructure and would gut several of our most bedrock environmental laws. For these reasons I strongly oppose this legisla-tion and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I rise to ex-
press my strong opposition to H.R. 2898, the so-called ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’. 
I represent a portion of the Sacramento-San 
Joaquin Delta, the largest estuary west of the Mississippi and the source of roughly half of California’s fresh water. Nearly 25 million Cali-fornians rely upon the Delta in one form or an-other for their drinking water supply. Addition-ally, many species depend on the habitats in and around the 700,000-acre estuary for sur-vival. Species in the Delta include birds and waterfowl like sand hill cranes, and fish like Chinook salmon, Central Valley steelhead and green sturgeon. Many of these species are unique to the Delta and found nowhere else on earth. H.R. 2898 would dramatically weak-en protections for these ecosystems and for salmon, migratory birds, and other fish and wildlife in California’s Bay-Delta estuary, as well as the thousands of fishing jobs in Cali-fornia and Oregon that depend on the health of these species. 
California’s ongoing drought—not federal 
environmental laws—is the primary reason for low water supplies across the state. Califor-nia’s drought is real, and we need real solu-tions. However, H.R. 2898 does nothing to solve California’s severe water shortage or ad-dress drought across the West. Instead, this bill preempts state laws, reduces management flexibility, eliminates protections for salmon and other endangered species, and rolls back our nation’s fundamental environmental laws. 
H.R. 2898 is not a temporary response to 
drought. It permanently amends and overrides the requirements of the Endangered Species Act and other federal laws. The bill would also limit National Environmental Policy Act review for water projects, reducing transparency and eliminating the opportunity for local commu-nities to provide input in the planning process. Moreover, several provisions of the bill would preempt state law, including section 313, which would override state laws, federal laws, a court order, and a binding settlement agree-ment to restore the San Joaquin River. 
This measure would undermine the State of 
California’s groundbreaking work to address the drought through the equitable implementa-tion of water conservation programs, infra-structure improvements, and innovative water recycling initiatives. Water shortages are a re-sult of four dry years, not the landmark envi-ronmental protections that this bill seeks to un-dermine. This bill will not make it rain. Perma-nently repealing proper environmental review will not solve the drought. 
Ultimately, this bill would not fix our biggest 
problem—the lack of water—and would in-stead set a dangerous precedent of federal overreach for our state, and a repeal of Amer-ica’s longstanding and effective environmental protections. As a Californian and a Delta 
member, I strongly oppose H.R. 2898, due to the negative impact that this bill would have on my constituents and the environment. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–23. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2898 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Secu-rity Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Definitions. 
TITLE I—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MAN-
AGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL- TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE 
Sec. 101. Definitions. 
Sec. 102. Revise incidental take level calcula-
tion for delta smelt to reflect new science. 
Sec. 103. Factoring increased real-time moni-
toring and updated science into Delta smelt management. 
TITLE II—ENSURING SALMONID MANAGE-
MENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE 
Sec. 201. Definitions. 
Sec. 202. Process for ensuring salmonid man-
agement is responsive to new science. 
Sec. 203. Non-Federal program to protect native 
anadromous fish in the Stanislaus River. 
Sec. 204. Pilot projects to implement calfed 
invasive species program. 
TITLE III—OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY 
AND DROUGHT RELIEF 
Sec. 301. Definitions. 
Sec. 302. Operational flexibility in times of 
drought. 
Sec. 303. Operation of cross-channel gates. Sec. 304. Flexibility for export/inflow ratio. Sec. 305. Emergency environmental reviews. Sec. 306. Increased flexibility for regular project 
operations. 
Sec. 307. Temporary operational flexibility for 
first few storms of the water year. 
Sec. 308. Expediting water transfers. Sec. 309. Additional emergency consultation. Sec. 310. Additional storage at New Melones. Sec. 311. Regarding the operation of Folsom 
Reservoir. 
Sec. 312. Applicants. Sec. 313. San Joaquin River settlement. Sec. 314. Program for water rescheduling. 
TITLE IV—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY 
STUDIES 
Sec. 401. Studies. 
Sec. 402. Temperance Flat. Sec. 403. CALFED storage accountability. Sec. 404. Water storage project construction. 
TITLE V—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS 
Sec. 501. Offset for State Water Project. 
Sec. 502. Area of origin protections. Sec. 503. No redirected adverse impacts. Sec. 504. Allocations for Sacramento Valley 
contractors. 
Sec. 505. Effect on existing obligations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.017 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5255 July 16, 2015 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 601. Authorized service area. 
Sec. 602. Oversight board for Restoration Fund. Sec. 603. Water supply accounting. Sec. 604. Implementation of water replacement 
plan. 
Sec. 605. Natural and artificially spawned spe-
cies. 
Sec. 606. Transfer the New Melones Unit, Cen-
tral Valley Project to interested providers. 
Sec. 607. Basin studies. Sec. 608. Operations of the Trinity River Divi-
sion. 
Sec. 609. Amendment to purposes. Sec. 610. Amendment to definition. 
TITLE VII—WATER SUPPLY PERMITTING 
ACT 
Sec. 701. Short title. 
Sec. 702. Definitions. Sec. 703. Establishment of lead agency and co-
operating agencies. 
Sec. 704. Bureau responsibilities. Sec. 705. Cooperating agency responsibilities. 
Sec. 706. Funding to process permits. 
TITLE VIII—BUREAU OF RECLAMATION 
PROJECT STREAMLINING 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. Definitions. Sec. 803. Acceleration of studies. Sec. 804. Expedited completion of reports. Sec. 805. Project acceleration. Sec. 806. Annual report to Congress. 
TITLE IX—ACCELERATED REVENUE, RE-
PAYMENT, AND SURFACE WATER STOR-AGE ENHANCEMENT 
Sec. 901. Short title. 
Sec. 902. Prepayment of certain repayment con-
tracts between the United States and contractors of federally devel-oped water supplies. 
TITLE X—SAFETY OF DAMS 
Sec. 1001. Authorization of additional project 
benefits. 
TITLE XI—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTION 
Sec. 1101. Short title. 
Sec. 1102. Definition of water right. Sec. 1103. Treatment of water rights. Sec. 1104. Recognition of State authority. Sec. 1105. Effect of title. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) As established in the Proclamation of a 
State of Emergency issued by the Governor of the State on January 17, 2014, the State is expe-riencing record dry conditions. 
(2) Extremely dry conditions have persisted in 
the State since 2012, and the drought conditions are likely to persist into the future. 
(3) The water supplies of the State are at 
record-low levels, as indicated by the fact that all major Central Valley Project reservoir levels were at 20–35 percent of capacity as of Sep-tember 25, 2014. 
(4) The lack of precipitation has been a sig-
nificant contributing factor to the 6,091 fires ex-perienced in the State as of September 15, 2014, and which covered nearly 400,000 acres. 
(5) According to a study released by the Uni-
versity of California, Davis in July 2014, the drought has led to the fallowing of 428,000 acres of farmland, loss of $810 million in crop revenue, loss of $203 million in dairy and other livestock value, and increased groundwater pumping costs by $454 million. The statewide economic costs are estimated to be $2.2 billion, with over 17,000 seasonal and part-time agricultural jobs lost. 
(6) CVPIA Level II water deliveries to refuges 
have also been reduced by 25 percent in the north of Delta region, and by 35 percent in the south of Delta region. 
(7) Only one-sixth of the usual acres of rice 
fields are being flooded this fall, which leads to a significant decline in habitat for migratory birds and an increased risk of disease at the re-
maining wetlands due to overcrowding of such birds. 
(8) The drought of 2013 through 2014 con-
stitutes a serious emergency that poses imme-diate and severe risks to human life and safety and to the environment throughout the State. 
(9) The serious emergency described in para-
graph (4) requires— 
(A) immediate and credible action that re-
spects the complexity of the water system of the State and the importance of the water system to the entire State; and 
(B) policies that do not pit stakeholders 
against one another, which history shows only leads to costly litigation that benefits no one and prevents any real solutions. 
(10) Data on the difference between water de-
mand and reliable water supplies for various re-gions of California south of the Delta, including the San Joaquin Valley, indicate there is a sig-nificant annual gap between reliable water sup-plies to meet agricultural, municipal and indus-trial, groundwater, and refuges water needs within the Delta Division, San Luis Unit and Friant Division of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project south of the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta and the de-mands of those areas. This gap varies depending on the methodology of the analysis performed, but can be represented in the following ways: 
(A) For Central Valley Project South-of-Delta 
water service contractors, if it is assumed that a water supply deficit is the difference in the amount of water available for allocation versus the maximum contract quantity, then the water supply deficits that have developed from 1992 to 2014 as a result of legislative and regulatory changes besides natural variations in hydrology during this timeframe range between 720,000 and 1,100,000 acre-feet. 
(B) For Central Valley Project and State 
Water Project water service contractors south of the Delta and north of the Tehachapi mountain range, if it is assumed that a water supply def-icit is the difference between reliable water sup-plies, including maximum water contract deliv-eries, safe yield of groundwater, safe yield of local and surface supplies and long-term con-tracted water transfers, and water demands, in-cluding water demands from agriculture, munic-ipal and industrial and refuge contractors, then the water supply deficit ranges between ap-proximately 2,500,000 to 2,700,000 acre-feet. 
(11) Data of pumping activities at the Central 
Valley Project and State Water Project delta pumps identifies that, on average from Water Year 2009 to Water Year 2014, take of Delta smelt is 80 percent less than allowable take lev-els under the biological opinion issued December 15, 2008. 
(12) Data of field sampling activities of the 
Interagency Ecological Program located in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Estuary identifies that, on average from 2005 to 2013, the program ‘‘takes’’ 3,500 delta smelt during annual surveys with an authorized ‘‘take’’ level of 33,480 delta smelt annually—according to the biological opinion issued December 9, 1997. 
(13) In 2015, better information exists than 
was known in 2008 concerning conditions and operations that may or may not lead to high sal-vage events that jeopardize the fish populations, and what alternative management actions can be taken to avoid jeopardy. 
(14) Alternative management strategies, re-
moving non-native species, enhancing habitat, monitoring fish movement and location in real- time, and improving water quality in the Delta can contribute significantly to protecting and recovering these endangered fish species, and at potentially lower costs to water supplies. 
(15) Resolution of fundamental policy ques-
tions concerning the extent to which application of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 affects the operation of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project is the responsibility of Con-gress. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) D ELTA.—The term ‘‘Delta’’ means the Sac-
ramento-San Joaquin Delta and the Suisun Marsh, as defined in sections 12220 and 29101 of the California Public Resources Code. 
(2) E
XPORT PUMPING RATES .—The term ‘‘ex-
port pumping rates’’ means the rates of pumping at the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones Pumping Plant and the Harvey O. Banks Pumping Plant, in the south-ern Delta. 
(3) L
ISTED FISH SPECIES .—The term ‘‘listed fish 
species’’ means listed salmonid species and the Delta smelt. 
(4) L
ISTED SALMONID SPECIES .—The term ‘‘list-
ed salmonid species’’ means natural origin steelhead, natural origin genetic spring run Chi-nook, and genetic winter run Chinook salmon including hatchery steelhead or salmon popu-lations within the evolutionary significant unit (ESU) or distinct population segment (DPS). 
(5) N
EGATIVE IMPACT ON THE LONG -TERM SUR -
VIVAL .—The term ‘‘negative impact on the long- 
term survival’’ means to reduce appreciably the likelihood of the survival of a listed species in the wild by reducing the reproduction, numbers, or distribution of that species. 
(6) OMR.—The term ‘‘OMR’’ means the Old 
and Middle River in the Delta. 
(7) OMR 
FLOW OF ¥5,000 CUBIC FEET PER SEC -
OND.—The term ‘‘OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet 
per second’’ means Old and Middle River flow of negative 5,000 cubic feet per second as described in— 
(A) the smelt biological opinion; and (B) the salmonid biological opinion. (8) S
ALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION .—The term 
‘‘salmonid biological opinion’’ means the bio-logical opinion issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009. 
(9) S
MELT BIOLOGICAL OPINION .—The term 
‘‘smelt biological opinion’’ means the biological opinion on the Long-Term Operational Criteria and Plan for coordination of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project issued by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on De-cember 15, 2008. 
(10) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of California. 
TITLE I—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MAN-
AGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL- TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. 
(2) D
ELTA SMELT .—The term ‘‘Delta smelt’’ 
means the fish species with the scientific name Hypomesus transpacificus. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(4) C OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ 
means the Commissioner of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. 
SEC. 102. REVISE INCIDENTAL TAKE LEVEL CAL-
CULATION FOR DELTA SMELT TO RE-FLECT NEW SCIENCE. 
(a) R EVIEW AND MODIFICATION .—Not later 
than October 1, 2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Director, in cooperation with other Federal, State, and local agencies, shall use the best scientific and commercial data available to complete a review and, modify the method used to calculate the incidental take lev-els for adult and larval/juvenile Delta smelt in the smelt biological opinion that takes into ac-count all life stages, among other consider-ations— 
(1) salvage information collected since at least 
1993; 
(2) updated or more recently developed statis-
tical models; 
(3) updated scientific and commercial data; 
and 
(4) the most recent information regarding the 
environmental factors affecting Delta smelt sal-vage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5256 July 16, 2015 
(b) M ODIFIED INCIDENTAL TAKELEVEL.—Un-
less the Director determines in writing that one or more of the requirements described in para-graphs (1) through (4) are not appropriate, the modified incidental take level described in sub-section (a) shall— 
(1) be normalized for the abundance of 
prespawning adult Delta smelt using the Fall Midwater Trawl Index or other index; 
(2) be based on a simulation of the salvage 
that would have occurred from 1993 through 2012 if OMR flow has been consistent with the smelt biological opinions; 
(3) base the simulation on a correlation be-
tween annual salvage rates and historic water clarity and OMR flow during the adult salvage period; and 
(4) set the incidental take level as the 80 per-
cent upper prediction interval derived from sim-ulated salvage rates since at least 1993. 
SEC. 103. FACTORING INCREASED REAL-TIME 
MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE INTO DELTA SMELT MAN-AGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall use the 
best scientific and commercial data available to implement, continuously evaluate, and refine or amend, as appropriate, the reasonable and pru-dent alternative described in the smelt biological opinion, and any successor opinions or court order. The Secretary shall make all significant decisions under the smelt biological opinion, or any successor opinions that affect Central Val-ley Project and State Water Project operations, in writing, and shall document the significant facts upon which such decisions are made, con-sistent with section 706 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) I
NCREASED MONITORING TOINFORM REAL- 
TIMEOPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct 
additional surveys, on an annual basis at the appropriate time of the year based on environ-mental conditions, in collaboration with other Delta science interests. 
(1) In implementing this section, the Secretary 
shall— 
(A) use the most accurate survey methods 
available for the detection of Delta smelt to de-termine the extent that adult Delta smelt are distributed in relation to certain levels of tur-bidity, or other environmental factors that may influence salvage rate; and 
(B) use results from appropriate survey meth-
ods for the detection of Delta smelt to determine how the Central Valley Project and State Water Project may be operated more efficiently to mini-mize salvage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative im-pact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. 
(2) During the period beginning on December 
1, 2015, and ending March 31, 2016, and in each successive December through March period, if suspended sediment loads enter the Delta from the Sacramento River and the suspended sedi-ment loads appear likely to raise turbidity levels in the Old River north of the export pumps from values below 12 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU) to values above 12 NTU, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct daily monitoring using appro-
priate survey methods at locations including, but not limited to, the vicinity of Station 902 to determine the extent that adult Delta smelt are moving with turbidity toward the export pumps; and 
(B) use results from the monitoring surveys 
referenced in paragraph (A) to determine how increased trawling can inform daily real-time Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations to minimize salvage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a signifi-cant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. 
(c) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF MONITORING .—With-
in 12 months of the date of enactment of this title, and at least once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate whether the monitoring program 
under subsection (b), combined with other moni-toring programs for the Delta, is providing suffi-cient data to inform Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations to minimize sal-vage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt; and 
(2) determine whether the monitoring efforts 
should be changed in the short or long term to provide more useful data. 
(d) D
ELTA SMELT DISTRIBUTION STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No later than January 1, 
2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Secretary, in collaboration with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, the California Department of Water Resources, public water agencies, and other interested entities, shall im-plement new targeted sampling and monitoring specifically designed to understand Delta smelt abundance, distribution, and the types of habi-tat occupied by Delta smelt during all life stages. 
(2) S
AMPLING .—The Delta smelt distribution 
study shall, at a minimum— 
(A) include recording water quality and tidal 
data; 
(B) be designed to understand Delta smelt 
abundance, distribution, habitat use, and move-ment throughout the Delta, Suisun Marsh, and other areas occupied by the Delta smelt during all seasons; 
(C) consider areas not routinely sampled by 
existing monitoring programs, including wetland channels, near-shore water, depths below 35 feet, and shallow water; and 
(D) use survey methods, including sampling 
gear, best suited to collect the most accurate data for the type of sampling or monitoring. 
(e) S
CIENTIFICALLY SUPPORTED IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF OMR F LOW REQUIREMENTS .—In imple-
menting the provisions of the smelt biological opinion, or any successor biological opinion or court order, pertaining to management of re-verse flow in the Old and Middle Rivers, the Secretary shall— 
(1) consider the relevant provisions of the bio-
logical opinion or any successor biological opin-ion; 
(2) to maximize Central Valley project and 
State Water Project water supplies, manage ex-port pumping rates to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless 
information developed by the Secretary under paragraphs (3) and (4) leads the Secretary to reasonably conclude that a less negative OMR flow rate is necessary to avoid a negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. If information available to the Secretary indicates that a reverse OMR flow rate more negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second can be estab-
lished without an imminent negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt, the Secretary shall manage export pumping rates to achieve that more negative OMR flow rate; 
(3) document in writing any significant facts 
about real-time conditions relevant to the deter-minations of OMR reverse flow rates, includ-ing— 
(A) whether targeted real-time fish monitoring 
in the Old River pursuant to this section, in-cluding monitoring in the vicinity of Station 902, indicates that a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt is imminent; and 
(B) whether near-term forecasts with avail-
able salvage models show under prevailing con-ditions that OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet per 
second or higher will cause a significant nega-tive impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt; 
(4) show in writing that any determination to 
manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second is necessary to 
avoid a significant negative impact on the long- term survival of the Delta smelt, including an explanation of the data examined and the con-nection between those data and the choice 
made, after considering— 
(A) the distribution of Delta smelt throughout 
the Delta; 
(B) the potential effects of documented, quan-
tified entrainment on subsequent Delta smelt abundance; 
(C) the water temperature; (D) other significant factors relevant to the 
determination; and 
(E) whether any alternative measures could 
have a substantially lesser water supply impact; and 
(5) for any subsequent biological opinion, 
make the showing required in paragraph (4) for any determination to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than the most negative limit in the biological opinion if the most nega-tive limit in the biological opinion is more nega-tive than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second. 
(f) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—No 
later than December 1, 2015, the Commissioner and the Director will execute a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to ensure that the smelt biological opinion is implemented in a manner that maximizes water supply while complying with applicable laws and regulations. If that MOU alters any procedures set out in the bio-logical opinion, there will be no need to reini-tiate consultation if those changes will not have a significant negative impact on the long-term survival on listed species and the implementa-tion of the MOU would not be a major change to implementation of the biological opinion. Any change to procedures that does not create a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival to listed species will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take statement in the biological opinion under sec-tion 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
(g) C
ALCULATION OF REVERSE FLOW IN  
OMR.—Within 90 days of the enactment of this title, the Secretary is directed, in consultation with the California Department of Water Re-sources to revise the method used to calculate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers for imple-mentation of the reasonable and prudent alter-natives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opinions, for the purpose of increas-ing Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies. The method of calcu-lating reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers shall be reevaluated not less than every five years thereafter to achieve maximum export pumping rates within limits established by the smelt biological opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opin-ions. 
TITLE II—ENSURING SALMONID MANAGE-
MENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A SSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Administrator’’ means the Assistant Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration for Fisheries. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Commerce. 
(3) O THER AFFECTED INTERESTS .—The term 
‘‘other affected interests’’ means the State of California, Indian tribes, subdivisions of the State of California, public water agencies and those who benefit directly and indirectly from the operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project. 
(4) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ 
means the Commissioner of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. 
(5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. 
SEC. 202. PROCESS FOR ENSURING SALMONID 
MANAGEMENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE. 
(a) G ENERAL DIRECTIVE .—The reasonable and 
prudent alternative described in the salmonid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5257 July 16, 2015 
biological opinion allows for and anticipates ad-
justments in Central Valley Project and State Water Project operation parameters to reflect the best scientific and commercial data cur-rently available, and authorizes efforts to test and evaluate improvements in operations that will meet applicable regulatory requirements and maximize Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies and reliability. Im-plementation of the reasonable and prudent al-ternative described in the salmonid biological opinion shall be adjusted accordingly as new scientific and commercial data are developed. The Commissioner and the Assistant Adminis-trator shall fully utilize these authorities as de-scribed below. 
(b) A
NNUAL REVIEWS OF CERTAIN CENTRAL  
VALLEY PROJECT AND STATE WATER PROJECT  
OPERATIONS .—No later than December 31, 2016, 
and at least annually thereafter: 
(1) The Commissioner, with the assistance of 
the Assistant Administrator, shall examine and identify adjustments to the initiation of Action IV.2.3 as set forth in the Biological Opinion and Conference Opinion on the Long-Term Oper-ations of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project, Endangered Species Act Section 7 Consultation, issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009, pertaining to negative OMR flows, subject to paragraph (5). 
(2) The Commissioner, with the assistance of 
the Assistant Administrator, shall examine and identify adjustments in the timing, triggers or other operational details relating to the imple-mentation of pumping restrictions in Action IV.2.1 pertaining to the inflow to export ratio, subject to paragraph (5). 
(3) Pursuant to the consultation and assess-
ments carried out under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection, the Commissioner and the As-sistant Administrator shall jointly make rec-ommendations to the Secretary of the Interior and to the Secretary on adjustments to project operations that, in the exercise of the adaptive management provisions of the salmonid biologi-cal opinion, will reduce water supply impacts of the salmonid biological opinion on the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project and are consistent with the requirements of applicable law and as further described in subsection (c). 
(4) The Secretary and the Secretary of the In-
terior shall direct the Commissioner and Assist-ant Administrator to implement recommended adjustments to Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations for which the condi-tions under subsection (c) are met. 
(5) The Assistant Administrator and the Com-
missioner shall review and identify adjustments to Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations with water supply restric-tions in any successor biological opinion to the salmonid biological opinion, applying the provi-sions of this section to those water supply re-strictions where there are references to Actions IV.2.1 and IV.2.3. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF OPERATIONAL ADJUST -
MENTS .—After reviewing the recommendations 
under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary shall direct the Commis-sioner and the Assistant Administrator to imple-ment those operational adjustments, or any combination, for which, in aggregate— 
(1) the net effect on listed species is equivalent 
to those of the underlying project operational parameters in the salmonid biological opinion, taking into account both— 
(A) efforts to minimize the adverse effects of 
the adjustment to project operations; and 
(B) whatever additional actions or measures 
may be implemented in conjunction with the ad-justments to operations to offset the adverse ef-fects to listed species, consistent with (d), that are in excess of the adverse effects of the under-lying operational parameters, if any; and 
(2) the effects of the adjustment can be rea-
sonably expected to fall within the incidental take authorizations. (d) E
VALUATION OF OFFSETTING MEASURES .— 
When examining and identifying opportunities to offset the potential adverse effect of adjust-ments to operations under subsection (c)(1)(B), the Commissioner and the Assistant Adminis-trator shall take into account the potential spe-cies survival improvements that are likely to re-sult from other measures which, if implemented in conjunction with such adjustments, would offset adverse effects, if any, of the adjustments. When evaluating offsetting measures, the Com-missioner and the Assistant Administrator shall consider the type, timing and nature of the ad-verse effects, if any, to specific species and en-sure that the measures likely provide equivalent overall benefits to the listed species in the aggre-gate, as long as the change will not cause a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival of a listed salmonid species. 
(e) F
RAMEWORK FOR EXAMINING OPPORTUNI -
TIES TOMINIMIZE OR OFFSET THE POTENTIAL  
ADVERSE EFFECT OF ADJUSTMENTS TO OPER-
ATIONS .—Not later than December 31, 2015, and 
every five years thereafter, the Assistant Admin-istrator shall, in collaboration with the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wild-life, based on the best scientific and commercial data available and for each listed salmonid spe-cies, issue estimates of the increase in through- Delta survival the Secretary expects to be achieved— 
(1) through restrictions on export pumping 
rates as specified by Action IV.2.3 as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second within the time period Ac-tion IV.2.3 is applicable, based on a given rate of San Joaquin River inflow to the Delta and holding other relevant factors constant; 
(2) through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-
port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1 as compared to the re-strictions in the April/May period imposed by the State Water Resources Control Board deci-sion D–1641, based on a given rate of San Joa-quin River inflow to the Delta and holding other relevant factors constant; 
(3) through physical habitat restoration im-
provements; 
(4) through predation control programs; (5) through the installation of temporary bar-
riers, the management of Cross Channel Gates operations, and other projects affecting flow in the Delta; 
(6) through salvaging fish that have been en-
trained near the entrance to Clifton Court Forebay; 
(7) through any other management measures 
that may provide equivalent or better protec-tions for listed species while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid species; and 
(8) through development and implementation 
of conservation hatchery programs for salmon and steelhead to aid in the recovery of listed salmon and steelhead species. 
(f) S
URVIVAL ESTIMATES .— 
(1) To the maximum extent practicable, the 
Assistant Administrator shall make quantitative estimates of survival such as a range of percent-age increases in through-Delta survival that could result from the management measures, and if the scientific information is lacking for quantitative estimates, shall do so on qualitative terms based upon the best available science. 
(2) If the Assistant Administrator provides 
qualitative survival estimates for a species re-sulting from one or more management measures, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent fea-sible, rank the management measures described in subsection (e) in terms of their most likely ex-pected contribution to increased through-Delta survival relative to the other measures. 
(3) If at the time the Assistant Administrator 
conducts the reviews under subsection (b), the Secretary has not issued an estimate of in-creased through-Delta survival from different management measures pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary shall compare the protections 
to the species from different management meas-ures based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time. 
(g) C
OMPARISON OF ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES  
FOR ALTERNATIVE MANAGEMENT MEASURES OF  
EQUIVALENT PROTECTION FOR A SPECIES .— 
(1) For the purposes of this subsection and 
subsection (c)— 
(A) the alternative management measure or 
combination of alternative management meas-ures identified in paragraph (2) shall be known as the ‘‘equivalent alternative measure’’; 
(B) the existing measure or measures identi-
fied in subparagraphs (2) (A), (B), (C), or (D) shall be known as the ‘‘equivalent existing measure’’; and 
(C) an ‘‘equivalent increase in through-Delta 
survival rates for listed salmonid species’’ shall mean an increase in through-Delta survival rates that is equivalent when considering the change in through-Delta survival rates for the listed salmonid species in the aggregate, and not the same change for each individual species, as long as the change in survival rates will not cause a significant negative impact on the long- term survival of a listed salmonid species. 
(2) As part of the reviews of project operations 
pursuant to subsection (b), the Assistant Admin-istrator shall determine whether any alternative management measures or combination of alter-native management measures listed in sub-section (e) (3) through (8) would provide an in-crease in through-Delta survival rates for listed salmonid species that is equivalent to the in-crease in through-Delta survival rates for listed salmonid species from the following: 
(A) Through restrictions on export pumping 
rates as specified by Action IV.2.3, as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second within the time period Ac-tion IV.2.3 is applicable. 
(B) Through restrictions on export pumping 
rates as specified by Action IV.2.3, as compared to a modification of Action IV.2.3 that would provide additional water supplies, other than that described in subparagraph (A). 
(C) Through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-
port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1, as compared to the re-strictions in the April/May period imposed by the State Water Resources Control Board deci-sion D–1641. 
(D) Through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-
port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1, as compared to a modification of Action IV.2.1 that would reduce water supply impacts of the salmonid biological opinion on the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project, other than that described in subparagraph (C). 
(3) If the Assistant Administrator identifies an 
equivalent alternative measure pursuant to paragraph (2), the Assistant Administrator shall determine whether— 
(A) it is technically feasible and within Fed-
eral jurisdiction to implement the equivalent al-ternative measure; 
(B) the State of California, or subdivision 
thereof, or local agency with jurisdiction has certified in writing within 10 calendar days to the Assistant Administrator that it has the au-thority and capability to implement the perti-nent equivalent alternative measure; or 
(C) the adverse consequences of doing so are 
less than the adverse consequences of the equiv-alent existing measure, including a concise eval-uation of the adverse consequences to other af-fected interests. 
(4) If the Assistant Administrator makes the 
determinations in subparagraph (3)(A) or (3)(B), the Commissioner shall adjust project operations to implement the equivalent alternative measure in place of the equivalent existing measure in order to increase export rates of pumping to the greatest extent possible while maintaining a net combined effect of equivalent through-Delta sur-vival rates for the listed salmonid species. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5258 July 16, 2015 
(h) T RACKING ADVERSE EFFECTS BEYOND THE  
RANGE OF EFFECTS ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE  
SALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION AND COORDI -
NATED OPERATION WITH THE DELTA SMELT BIO-
LOGICAL OPINION .— 
(1) Among the adjustments to the project oper-
ations considered through the adaptive manage-ment process under this section, the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner shall— 
(A) evaluate the effects on listed salmonid spe-
cies and water supply of the potential adjust-ment to operational criteria described in sub-paragraph (B); and 
(B) consider requiring that before some or all 
of the provisions of Actions IV.2.1. or IV.2.3 are imposed in any specific instance, the Assistant Administrator show that the implementation of these provisions in that specific instance is nec-essary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid spe-cies. 
(2) The Assistant Administrator, the Director, 
and the Commissioner, in coordination with State officials as appropriate, shall establish operational criteria to coordinate management of OMR flows under the smelt and salmonid bio-logical opinions, in order to take advantage of opportunities to provide additional water sup-plies from the coordinated implementation of the biological opinions. 
(3) The Assistant Administrator and the Com-
missioner shall document the effects of any adaptive management decisions related to the coordinated operation of the smelt and salmonid biological opinions that prioritizes the mainte-nance of one species at the expense of the other. 
(i) R
EAL-TIME MONITORING AND MANAGE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding the calendar based 
triggers described in the salmonid biological opinion Reasonable and Prudent Alternative (RPA), the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner shall not limit OMR reverse flow to ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless current 
monitoring data indicate that this OMR flow limitation is reasonably required to avoid a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival of a listed salmonid species. 
(j) E
VALUATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  
MANAGEMENT MEASURES .—If the quantitative 
estimates of through-Delta survival established by the Secretary for the adjustments in sub-section (b)(2) exceed the through-Delta survival established for the RPAs, the Secretary shall evaluate and implement the management meas-ures in subsection (b)(2) as a prerequisite to im-plementing the RPAs contained in the Salmonid Biological Opinion. 
(k) A
CCORDANCE WITHOTHER LAW.—Con-
sistent with section 706 of title 5, United States Code, decisions of the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner described in subsections (b) through (j) shall be made in writing, on the basis of best scientific and commercial data cur-rently available, and shall include an expla-nation of the data examined at the connection between those data and the decisions made. 
SEC. 203. NON-FEDERAL PROGRAM TO PROTECT 
NATIVE ANADROMOUS FISH IN THE STANISLAUS RIVER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NONNATIVE PREDATOR  
FISHREMOVAL PROGRAM .—The Secretary and 
the districts, in consultation with the Director, shall jointly develop and conduct a nonnative predator fish removal program to remove non-native striped bass, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black bass, and other non-native predator fish species from the Stanislaus River. The program shall— 
(1) be scientifically based; (2) include methods to quantify the number 
and size of predator fish removed each year, the impact of such removal on the overall abun-dance of predator fish, and the impact of such removal on the populations of juvenile anad-romous fish found in the Stanislaus River by, among other things, evaluating the number of juvenile anadromous fish that migrate past the rotary screw trap located at Caswell; (3) among other methods, use wire fyke trap-
ping, portable resistance board weirs, and boat electrofishing; and 
(4) be implemented as quickly as possible fol-
lowing the issuance of all necessary scientific research. 
(b) M
ANAGEMENT .—The management of the 
program shall be the joint responsibility of the Secretary and the districts. Such parties shall work collaboratively to ensure the performance of the program, and shall discuss and agree upon, among other things, changes in the struc-ture, management, personnel, techniques, strat-egy, data collection, reporting, and conduct of the program. 
(c) C
ONDUCT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—By agreement between the 
Secretary and the districts, the program may be conducted by their own personnel, qualified pri-vate contractors hired by the districts, personnel of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service, or a combina-tion thereof. 
(2) P
ARTICIPATION BY THE NATIONAL MARINE  
FISHERIES SERVICE .—If the districts elect to con-
duct the program using their own personnel or qualified private contractors hired by them in accordance with paragraph (1), the Secretary may assign an employee of, on loan to, or other-wise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, to be present for all activities performed in the field. Such presence shall ensure compli-ance with the agreed-upon elements specified in subsection (b). The districts shall pay the cost of such participation in accordance with sub-section (d). 
(3) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—The districts shall 
notify the Secretary of their election on or be-fore October 15 of each calendar year of the pro-gram. Such an election shall apply to the work performed in the subsequent calendar year. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The districts shall be respon-
sible for 100 percent of the cost of the program. 
(2) C ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may 
accept and use contributions of funds from the districts to carry out activities under the pro-gram. 
(3) E
STIMATION OF COST .—On or before De-
cember 1 of each year of the program, the Sec-retary shall submit to the districts an estimate of the cost to be incurred by the National Marine Fisheries Service for the program in the fol-lowing calendar year, if any, including the cost of any data collection and posting under sub-section (e). If an amount equal to the estimate is not provided through contributions pursuant to paragraph (2) before December 31 of that year— 
(A) the Secretary shall have no obligation to 
conduct the program activities otherwise sched-uled for such following calendar year until such amount is contributed by the districts; and 
(B) the districts may not conduct any aspect 
of the program until such amount is contributed by the districts. 
(4) A
CCOUNTING .—On or before September 1 of 
each year, the Secretary shall provide to the dis-tricts an accounting of the costs incurred by the Secretary for the program in the preceding cal-endar year. If the amount contributed by the districts pursuant to paragraph (2) for that year was greater than the costs incurred by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall— 
(A) apply the excess contributions to costs of 
activities to be performed by the Secretary under the program, if any, in the next calendar year; or 
(B) if no such activities are to be performed, 
repay the excess contribution to the districts. 
(e) P
OSTING AND EVALUATION .—On or before 
the 15th day of each month, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service a tabular summary of the raw data collected under the program in the preceding month. 
(f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The program is hereby 
found to be consistent with the requirements of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act 
(Public Law 102–575). No provision, plan or defi-nition established or required by the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) shall be used to prohibit the imposition of the program, or to prevent the accomplish-ment of its goals. 
(g) T
REATMENT OF STRIPED BASS.—For pur-
poses of the application of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) with respect to the program, striped bass shall not be treated as anadromous fish. 
(h) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘districts’’ means the Oakdale Ir-rigation District and the South San Joaquin Ir-rigation District, California. 
SEC. 204. PILOT PROJECTS TO IMPLEMENT 
CALFED INVASIVE SPECIES PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 
2017, the Secretary of the Interior, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Commerce, the Direc-tor of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and other relevant agencies and inter-ested parties, shall begin pilot projects to imple-ment the invasive species control program au-thorized pursuant to section 103(d)(6)(A)(iv) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1690). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot projects shall— 
(1) seek to reduce invasive aquatic vegetation, 
predators, and other competitors which con-tribute to the decline of native listed pelagic and anadromous species that occupy the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and the Sacramento-San Joaquin Bay-Delta; and 
(2) remove, reduce, or control the effects of 
species, including Asiatic clams, silversides, gobies, Brazilian water weed, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, striped bass, crappie, bluegill, white and channel catfish, and brown bull-heads. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The authorities provided under 
this subsection shall expire seven years after the Secretaries commence implementation of the pilot projects pursuant to subsection (a). 
(d) E
MERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
To expedite the environmentally beneficial pro-grams for the conservation of threatened and endangered species, the Secretaries shall consult with the Council on Environmental Quality in accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), to develop alternative arrangements to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the projects pursuant to subsection (a). 
TITLE III—OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY 
AND DROUGHT RELIEF 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C ENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT .—The term 
‘‘Central Valley Project’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4707). 
(2) R
ECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Rec-
lamation Project’’ means a project constructed pursuant to the authorities of the reclamation laws and whose facilities are wholly or partially located in the State. 
(3) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘Secretaries’’ 
means— 
(A) the Secretary of Agriculture; (B) the Secretary of Commerce; and (C) the Secretary of the Interior. (4) S
TATE WATER PROJECT .—The term ‘‘State 
Water Project’’ means the water project de-scribed by California Water Code section 11550 et seq. and operated by the California Depart-ment of Water Resources. 
(5) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State 
of California. 
SEC. 302. OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY IN TIMES 
OF DROUGHT. 
(a) W ATER SUPPLIES .—For the period of time 
such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley Index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5259 July 16, 2015 
State of California, and until two succeeding 
years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries shall pro-vide the maximum quantity of water supplies practicable to all individuals or district who re-ceive Central Valley Project water under water service or repayments contracts, water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, or ref-uge contracts or agreements entered into prior to or after the date of enactment of this title; State Water Project contractors, and any other tribe, locality, water agency, or municipality in the State, by approving, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations), projects and oper-ations to provide additional water supplies as quickly as practicable based on available infor-mation to address the emergency conditions. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretaries shall, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations)— 
(1) issue all necessary permit decisions under 
the authority of the Secretaries not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretaries re-ceive a completed application from the State to place and use temporary barriers or operable gates in Delta channels to improve water quan-tity and quality for the State Water Project and the Central Valley Project south of Delta water contractors and other water users, on the condi-tion that the barriers or operable gates— 
(A) do not result in a significant negative im-
pact on the long-term survival of listed species within the Delta and provide benefits or have a neutral impact on in-Delta water user water quality; and 
(B) are designed so that formal consultations 
under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) are not necessary; 
(2) require the Director of the United States 
Fish and Wildlife Service and the Commissioner of Reclamation— 
(A) to complete, not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Director or the Commis-sioner receives a complete written request for water transfer, all requirements under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) necessary to make final permit decisions on the request; and 
(B) to approve any water transfer request de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) to maximize the quantity of water supplies available for non-habitat uses, on the condition that actions asso-ciated with the water transfer comply with ap-plicable Federal laws (including regulations); 
(3) adopt a 1:1 inflow to export ratio, as meas-
ured as a 3-day running average at Vernalis during the period beginning on April 1, and ending on May 31, absent a determination in writing that a more restrictive inflow to export ratio is required to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); provided that the 1:1 inflow to export ratio shall apply for the increment of increased flow of the San Joaquin River resulting from the voluntary sale, trans-fers, or exchanges of water from agencies with rights to divert water from the San Joaquin River or its tributaries and provided that the movement of the acquired, transferred, or ex-changed water through the Delta consistent with the Central Valley Project’s and the State Water Project’s permitted water rights and pro-vided that movement of the Central Valley Project water is consistent with the require-ments of section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act; and 
(4) allow and facilitate, consistent with exist-
ing priorities, water transfers through the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones Pumping Plant or the Harvey O. Banks Pumping Plant from April 1 to November 30 provided water transfers comply with State law, including the California Environmental Quality Act. 
(c) A
CCELERATED PROJECT DECISION AND ELE-
VATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—On request by the Governor 
of the State, the Secretaries shall use the expe-dited procedures under this subsection to make final decisions relating to a Federal project or operation, or to local or State projects or oper-ations that require decisions by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Commerce to provide additional water supplies if the project’s or operation’s purpose is to provide relief for emergency drought conditions pursuant to sub-sections (a) and (b). 
(2) R
EQUEST FOR RESOLUTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On request by the Governor 
of the State, the Secretaries referenced in para-graph (1), or the head of another Federal agen-cy responsible for carrying out a review of a project, as applicable, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall convene a final project decision meet-ing with the heads of all relevant Federal agen-cies to decide whether to approve a project to provide relief for emergency drought conditions. 
(B) M
EETING .—The Secretary of the Interior 
shall convene a meeting requested under sub-paragraph (A) not later than 7 days after the date on which the meeting request is received. 
(3) N
OTIFICATION .—On receipt of a request for 
a meeting under paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior shall notify the heads of all rel-evant Federal agencies of the request, including information on the project to be reviewed and the date of the meeting. 
(4) D
ECISION .—Not later than 10 days after 
the date on which a meeting is requested under paragraph (2), the head of the relevant Federal agency shall issue a final decision on the project, subject to subsection (e)(2). 
(5) M
EETING CONVENED BY SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary of the Interior may convene a final project decision meeting under this subsection at any time, at the discretion of the Secretary, re-gardless of whether a meeting is requested under paragraph (2). 
(d) A
PPLICATION .—To the extent that a Fed-
eral agency, other than the agencies headed by the Secretaries, has a role in approving projects described in subsections (a) and (b), this section shall apply to those Federal agencies. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section au-
thorizes the Secretaries to approve projects— 
(1) that would otherwise require congressional 
authorization; or 
(2) without following procedures required by 
applicable law. 
(f) D ROUGHT PLAN.—For the period of time 
such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries of Com-merce and the Interior, in consultation with ap-propriate State officials, shall develop a drought operations plan that is consistent with the pro-visions of this Act including the provisions that are intended to provide additional water sup-plies that could be of assistance during the cur-rent drought. 
SEC. 303. OPERATION OF CROSS-CHANNEL GATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce 
and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly— 
(1) authorize and implement activities to en-
sure that the Delta Cross Channel Gates remain open to the maximum extent practicable using findings from the United States Geological Sur-vey on diurnal behavior of juvenile salmonids, timed to maximize the peak flood tide period and provide water supply and water quality benefits for the duration of the drought emergency dec-laration of the State, and for the period of time such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, consistent with oper-ational criteria and monitoring criteria set forth into the Order Approving a Temporary Urgency Change in License and Permit Terms in Re-
sponse to Drought Conditions of the California State Water Resources Control Board, effective January 31, 2014 (or a successor order) and other authorizations associated with it; 
(2) with respect to the operation of the Delta 
Cross Channel Gates described in paragraph (1), collect data on the impact of that operation on— 
(A) species listed as threatened or endangered 
under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); 
(B) water quality; and (C) water supply; (3) collaborate with the California Department 
of Water Resources to install a deflection barrier at Georgiana Slough in coordination with Delta Cross Channel Gate diurnal operations to pro-tect migrating salmonids, consistent with knowl-edge gained from activities carried out during 2014 and 2015; 
(4) evaluate the combined salmonid survival in 
light of activities carried out pursuant to para-graphs (1) through (3) in deciding how to oper-ate the Delta Cross Channel gates to enhance salmonid survival and water supply benefits; and 
(5) not later than May 15, 2016, submit to the 
appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a notice and expla-nation on the extent to which the gates are able to remain open. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—After assessing the 
information collected under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall recommend revi-sions to the operation of the Delta Cross-Chan-nel Gates, to the Central Valley Project, and to the State Water Project, including, if appro-priate, any reasonable and prudent alternative contained in the biological opinion issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009, that are likely to produce water supply benefits without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the listed fish species within the Delta or on water qual-ity. 
SEC. 304. FLEXIBILITY FOR EXPORT/INFLOW 
RATIO. 
For the period of time such that in any year 
that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation shall continue to vary the averaging period of the Delta Export/Inflow ratio pursuant to the California State Water Resources Control Board decision D1641— 
(1) to operate to a 35-percent Export/Inflow 
ratio with a 3-day averaging period on the ris-ing limb of a Delta inflow hydrograph; and 
(2) to operate to a 14-day averaging period on 
the falling limb of the Delta inflow hydrograph. 
SEC. 305. EMERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) NEPA C OMPLIANCE .—To minimize the time 
spent carrying out environmental reviews and to deliver water quickly that is needed to address emergency drought conditions in the State dur-ing the duration of an emergency drought dec-laration, the Secretaries shall, in carrying out this Act, consult with the Council on Environ-mental Quality in accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations), to develop al-ternative arrangements to comply with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) during the emergency. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—For the purposes of 
this section, a Secretary may deem a project to be in compliance with all necessary environ-mental regulations and reviews if the Secretary determines that the immediate implementation of the project is necessary to address— 
(1) human health and safety; or (2) a specific and imminent loss of agriculture 
production upon which an identifiable region 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5260 July 16, 2015 
depends for 25 percent or more of its tax revenue 
used to support public services including schools, fire or police services, city or county health facilities, unemployment services or other associated social services. 
SEC. 306. INCREASED FLEXIBILITY FOR REGULAR 
PROJECT OPERATIONS. 
The Secretaries shall, consistent with applica-
ble laws (including regulations)— 
(1) in coordination with the California De-
partment of Water Resources and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, implement off-site upstream projects in the Delta and upstream of the Sacramento River and San Joaquin basins that offset the effects on species listed as threat-ened or endangered under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) due to ac-tivities carried out pursuant this Act, as deter-mined by the Secretaries; 
(2) manage reverse flow in the Old and Middle 
Rivers at ¥6,100 cubic feet per second if real- 
time monitoring indicates that flows of ¥6,100 
cubic feet per second or more negative can be es-tablished for specific periods without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt, or if real-time moni-toring does not support flows of ¥6,100 cubic 
feet per second than manage OMR flows at ¥5,000 cubic feet per second subject to section 
103(e) (3) and (4); and 
(3) use all available scientific tools to identify 
any changes to real-time operations of the Bu-reau of Reclamation, State, and local water projects that could result in the availability of additional water supplies. 
SEC. 307. TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXI-
BILITY FOR FIRST FEW STORMS OF THE WATER YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with avoiding a 
significant negative impact on the long-term survival in the short term upon listed fish spe-cies beyond the range of those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and other environmental protections under subsection (e), the Secretaries shall authorize the Central Val-ley Project and the State Water Project, com-bined, to operate at levels that result in negative OMR flows at ¥7,500 cubic feet per second 
(based on United States Geological Survey gauges on Old and Middle Rivers) daily average for 56 cumulative days after October 1 as de-scribed in subsection (c). 
(b) D
AYS OF TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXI-
BILITY .—The temporary operational flexibility 
described in subsection (a) shall be authorized on days that the California Department of Water Resources determines the daily average river flow of the Sacramento River is at, or above, 17,000 cubic feet per second as measured at the Sacramento River at Freeport gauge maintained by the United States Geologic Sur-vey. 
(c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHENDANGERED SPECIES  
ACTAUTHORIZATIONS .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretaries may continue to impose any requirements under the smelt and salmonid bio-logical opinions during any period of temporary operational flexibility as they determine are rea-sonably necessary to avoid an additional signifi-cant negative impacts on the long-term survival of a listed fish species beyond the range of those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, provided that the requirements imposed do not reduce water supplies available for the Cen-tral Valley Project and the State Water Project. 
(d) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) S TATE LAW .—The Secretaries’ actions 
under this section shall be consistent with appli-cable regulatory requirements under State law. 
(2) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH .—During the first 
flush of sediment out of the Delta in each water year, and provided that such determination is based upon objective evidence, OMR flow may be managed at rates less negative than ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second for a minimum duration to avoid movement of adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) to areas in the southern Delta that would be likely to increase entrainment at Central Valley Project and State 
Water Project pumping plants. 
(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OPINION .—This section 
shall not affect the application of the salmonid biological opinion from April 1 to May 31, unless the Secretary of Commerce finds that some or all of such applicable requirements may be adjusted during this time period to provide emergency water supply relief without resulting in addi-tional adverse effects beyond those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. In addition to any other actions to benefit water supply, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall consider allowing through-Delta water transfers to occur during this period if they can be accomplished con-sistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. Water transfers solely or exclusively through the State Water Project are not required to be consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. 
(4) M
ONITORING .—During operations under 
this section, the Commissioner of Reclamation, in coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Department of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake a monitoring program and other data gathering to ensure incidental take levels are not exceeded, and to identify potential nega-tive impacts and actions, if any, necessary to mitigate impacts of the temporary operational flexibility to species listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
(e) T
ECHNICAL ADJUSTMENTS TO TARGET PE-
RIOD.—If, before temporary operational flexi-
bility has been implemented on 56 cumulative days, the Secretaries operate the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project combined at levels that result in OMR flows less negative than ¥7,500 cubic feet per second during days 
of temporary operational flexibility as defined in subsection (c), the duration of such operation shall not be counted toward the 56 cumulative days specified in subsection (a). 
(f) E
MERGENCY CONSULTATION ; EFFECT ON  
RUNNING AVERAGES .— 
(1) If necessary to implement the provisions of 
this section, the Commissioner is authorized to take any action necessary to implement this sec-tion for up to 56 cumulative days. If during the 56 cumulative days the Commissioner determines that actions necessary to implement this section will exceed 56 days, the Commissioner shall use the emergency consultation procedures under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and its im-plementing regulation at section 402.05 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to temporarily adjust the operating criteria under the biologi-cal opinions— 
(A) solely for extending beyond the 56 cumu-
lative days for additional days of temporary operational flexibility— 
(i) no more than necessary to achieve the pur-
poses of this section consistent with the environ-mental protections in subsections (d) and (e); and 
(ii) including, as appropriate, adjustments to 
ensure that the actual flow rates during the pe-riods of temporary operational flexibility do not count toward the 5-day and 14-day running averages of tidally filtered daily OMR flow re-quirements under the biological opinions, or 
(B) for other adjustments to operating criteria 
or to take other urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner. 
(2) Following the conclusion of the 56 cumu-
lative days of temporary operational flexibility, or the extended number of days covered by the emergency consultation procedures, the Commis-sioner shall not reinitiate consultation on these adjusted operations, and no mitigation shall be required, if the effects on listed fish species of these operations under this section remain with-in the range of those authorized under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). If the Commissioner reinitiates consulta-
tion, no mitigation measures shall be required. 
(g) L
EVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED FOR ANAL-
YSIS.—In articulating the determinations re-
quired under this section, the Secretaries shall fully satisfy the requirements herein but shall not be expected to provide a greater level of sup-porting detail for the analysis than feasible to provide within the short timeframe permitted for timely decisionmaking in response to changing conditions in the Delta. 
SEC. 308. EXPEDITING WATER TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3405(a) of the Cen-
tral Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4709(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(3) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respectively; 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (4) (as 
so designated)— 
(A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘In order 
to’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to’’; and 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Ex-
cept as provided herein’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—Except as otherwise provided in 
this section’’; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so 
designated) the following: 
‘‘(2) E XPEDITED TRANSFER OF WATER .—The 
Secretary shall take all necessary actions to fa-cilitate and expedite transfers of Central Valley Project water in accordance with— 
‘‘(A) this Act; ‘‘(B) any other applicable provision of the rec-
lamation laws; and 
‘‘(C) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; 
(4) in paragraph (4) (as so designated)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to com-
bination’’ and inserting ‘‘or combination’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘3405(a)(2) of this title’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘(5)’’; 
(5) in paragraph (5) (as so designated), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) The contracting district from which the 
water is coming, the agency, or the Secretary shall determine if a written transfer proposal is complete within 45 days after the date of sub-mission of the proposal. If the contracting dis-trict or agency or the Secretary determines that the proposal is incomplete, the district or agency or the Secretary shall state with specificity what must be added to or revised for the proposal to be complete.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (6) (as so designated), by 
striking ‘‘3405(a)(1)(A)–(C), (E), (G), (H), (I), (L), and (M) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) through (C), (E), (G), (H), (I), (L), and (M) of paragraph (4)’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Central 
Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) is amended— 
(1) in section 3407(c)(1) (106 Stat. 4726), by 
striking ‘‘3405(a)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘3405(a)(4)(C)’’; and 
(2) in section 3408(i)(1) (106 Stat. 4729), by 
striking ‘‘3405(a)(1) (A) and (J) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (J) of section 3405(a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 309. ADDITIONAL EMERGENCY CONSULTA-
TION. 
For adjustments to operating criteria other 
than under section 308 of this Act or to take ur-gent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diver-sion necessary as determined by the Commis-sioner of Reclamation, no mitigation measures shall be required during any year that the Sac-ramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, and any mitiga-tion measures imposed must be based on quan-titative data and required only to the extent that such data demonstrates actual harm to spe-cies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5261 July 16, 2015 
SEC. 310. ADDITIONAL STORAGE AT NEW 
MELONES. 
The Commissioner of Reclamation is directed 
to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, con-junctive use projects, water transfers, resched-uled project water and other projects to maxi-mize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State of California water transfer guidelines and any other appli-cable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
SEC. 311. REGARDING THE OPERATION OF FOL-
SOM RESERVOIR. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in collaboration 
with the Sacramento Water Forum, shall expe-dite evaluation, completion and implementation of the Modified Lower American River Flow Management Standard developed by the Water Forum in 2015 to improve water supply reli-ability for Central Valley Project American River water contractors and resource protection in the lower American River during consecutive dry-years under current and future demand and climate change conditions. 
SEC. 312. APPLICANTS. 
In the event that the Bureau of Reclamation 
or another Federal agency initiates or reiniti-ates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Cen-tral Valley Project and State Water Project, or any part thereof, the State Water Project con-tractors and the Central Valley Project contrac-tors will be accorded all the rights and respon-sibilities extended to applicants in the consulta-tion process. 
SEC. 313. SAN JOAQUIN RIVER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) C ALIFORNIA STATE LAWSATISFIED BY  
WARMWATER FISHERY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Sections 5930 through 5948 of 
the California Fish and Game Code, and all ap-plicable Federal laws, including the San Joa-quin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of Cali-fornia, No. Civ. S–88–1658–LKK/GGH), shall be satisfied by the existence of a warm water fish-ery in the San Joaquin River below Friant Dam, but upstream of Gravelly Ford. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF WARM WATER FISHERY .—For 
the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘warm water fishery’’ means a water system that has an environment suitable for species of fish other than salmon (including all subspecies) and trout (including all subspecies). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF THE SANJOAQUIN RIVER SET-
TLEMENT .—As of the date of enactment of this 
section, the Secretary of the Interior shall cease any action to implement the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. S–88–1658 LKK/GGH). 
SEC. 314. PROGRAM FOR WATER RESCHEDULING. 
By December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the In-
terior shall develop and implement a program, including rescheduling guidelines for Shasta and Folsom Reservoirs, to allow existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-
tractors within the Sacramento River Water-shed, and refuge service and municipal and in-dustrial water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed and the American River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project contracts, from one year to the next; provided, that the program is consistent with existing rescheduling guidelines as utilized by the Bureau of Reclama-tion for rescheduling water for Central Valley Project water service contractors that are lo-cated South of the Delta. 
TITLE IV—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY 
STUDIES 
SEC. 401. STUDIES. 
The Secretary of the Interior, through the 
Commissioner of Reclamation, shall— 
(1) complete the feasibility studies described in 
clauses (i)(I) and (ii)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1684) and sub-mit such studies to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2015; 
(2) complete the feasibility studies described in 
clauses (i)(II) and (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such studies to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2016; 
(3) complete the feasibility study described in 
section 103(f)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1694) and submit such study to the appro-priate Committees of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2017; 
(4) provide a progress report on the status of 
the feasibility studies referred to in paragraphs (1) through (3) to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and each 180 days thereafter until December 31, 2017, as applicable. The re-port shall include timelines for study comple-tion, draft environmental impact statements, final environmental impact statements, and Records of Decision; 
(5) in conducting any feasibility study under 
this Act, the reclamation laws, the Central Val-ley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable law, for the purposes of determining feasibility the Secretary shall document, delineate, and publish costs di-rectly relating to the engineering and construc-tion of a water storage project separately from the costs resulting from regulatory compliance or the construction of auxiliary facilities nec-essary to achieve regulatory compliance; and 
(6) communicate, coordinate and cooperate 
with public water agencies that contract with the United States for Central Valley Project water and that are expected to participate in the cost pools that will be created for the projects proposed in the feasibility studies under this section. 
SEC. 402. TEMPERANCE FLAT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
section: 
(1) P ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the 
Temperance Flat Reservoir Project on the Upper San Joaquin River. 
(2) RMP.—The term ‘‘RMP’’ means the docu-
ment titled ‘‘Bakersfield Field Office, Record of Decision and Approved Resource Management Plan,’’ dated December 2014. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) A PPLICABILITY OF RMP.—The RMP and 
findings related thereto shall have no effect on or applicability to the Secretary’s determination of feasibility of, or on any findings or environ-mental review documents related to— 
(1) the Project; or (2) actions taken by the Secretary pursuant to 
section 103(d)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of the Bay-Delta Au-thorization Act (title I of Public Law 108–361). 
(c) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY UPONDETERMINA -
TION OF FEASIBILITY .—If the Secretary finds the 
Project to be feasible, the Secretary shall man-age the land recommended in the RMP for des-ignation under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in a manner that does not impede any environmental reviews, preconstruction, construction, or other activities of the Project, regardless of whether or not the Secretary submits any official recommendation to Congress under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. 
(d) R
ESERVED WATER RIGHTS .—Effective De-
cember 22, 2014, there shall be no Federal re-served water rights to any segment of the San Joaquin River related to the Project as a result of any designation made under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). 
SEC. 403. CALFED STORAGE ACCOUNTABILITY. 
If the Secretary of the Interior fails to provide 
the feasibility studies described in section 401 to the appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate by the times pre-scribed, the Secretary shall notify each com-mittee chair individually in person on the status of each project once a month until the feasi-bility study for that project is provided to Con-gress. 
SEC. 404. WATER STORAGE PROJECT CONSTRUC-
TION. 
(a) P ARTNERSHIP AND AGREEMENTS .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior, acting through the Com-missioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, may partner or enter into an agreement on the water storage projects identified in section 103(d)(1) of the Water Supply Reliability and Environmental Improvement Act (Public Law 108–361) (and Acts supplemental and amendatory to the Act) with local joint powers authorities formed pur-suant to State law by irrigation districts and other local water districts and local governments within the applicable hydrologic region, to ad-vance those projects. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PROJECT .—If the Sec-
retary determines a project described in section 402(a)(1) and (2) is feasible, the Secretary is au-thorized to carry out the project in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the rec-ommended plan, and subject to the conditions described in the feasibility study, provided that no Federal funding shall be used to construct the project. 
TITLE V—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 501. OFFSET FOR STATE WATER PROJECT. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this Act on potential impacts to any consistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code sec-tion 2080.1. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL YIELD.—If, as a result of the 
application of this Act, the California Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife— 
(1) revokes the consistency determinations 
pursuant to California Fish and Game Code sec-tion 2080.1 that are applicable to the State Water Project; 
(2) amends or issues one or more new consist-
ency determinations pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; or 
(3) requires take authorization under Cali-
fornia Fish and Game Code section 2081 for op-eration of the State Water Project in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as com-pared with the water supply available under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5262 July 16, 2015 
smelt biological opinion and the salmonid bio-
logical opinion, and as a consequence of the De-partment’s action, Central Valley Project yield is greater than it would have been absent the Department’s actions, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project con-tractors to offset losses resulting from the De-partment’s action. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRON -
MENTAL PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the In-
terior shall immediately notify the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in writing if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that implementation of the smelt biologi-cal opinion and the salmonid biological opinion consistent with this Act reduces environmental protections for any species covered by the opin-ions. 
SEC. 502. AREA OF ORIGIN PROTECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to adhere to California’s water rights laws governing water rights priorities and to honor water rights senior to those held by the United States for operation of the Central Val-ley Project, regardless of the source of priority, including any appropriative water rights initi-ated prior to December 19, 1914, as well as water rights and other priorities perfected or to be per-fected pursuant to California Water Code Part 2 of Division 2. Article 1.7 (commencing with sec-tion 1215 of chapter 1 of part 2 of division 2, sec-tions 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, and 11463, and sections 12200 to 12220, inclu-sive). 
(b) D
IVERSIONS .—Any action undertaken by 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to both this Act and sec-tion 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that requires that diversions from the Sacramento River or the San Joaquin River watersheds upstream of the Delta be by-passed shall not be undertaken in a manner that alters the water rights priorities established by California law. 
(c) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT.—Nothing in 
this title alters the existing authorities provided to and obligations placed upon the Federal Gov-ernment under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), as amended. 
(d) C
ONTRACTS .—With respect to individuals 
and entities with water rights on the Sac-ramento River, the mandates of this section may be met, in whole or in part, through a contract with the Secretary of the Interior executed pur-suant to section 14 of Public Law 76–260; 53 Stat. 1187 (43 U.S.C. 389) that is in conformance with the Sacramento River Settlement Contracts renewed by the Secretary of the Interior in 2005. 
SEC. 503. NO REDIRECTED ADVERSE IMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall ensure that, except as otherwise pro-vided for in a water service or repayment con-tract, actions taken in compliance with legal ob-ligations imposed pursuant to or as a result of this Act, including such actions under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) and other applicable Federal and State laws, shall not directly or indirectly— 
(1) result in the involuntary reduction of 
water supply or fiscal impacts to individuals or districts who receive water from either the State Water Project or the United States under water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, water service contracts, repayment contracts, or water supply contracts; or 
(2) cause redirected adverse water supply or 
fiscal impacts to those within the Sacramento River watershed, the San Joaquin River water-shed or the State Water Project service area. 
(b) C
OSTS.—To the extent that costs are in-
curred solely pursuant to or as a result of this Act and would not otherwise have been incurred by any entity or public or local agency or sub-division of the State of California, such costs shall not be borne by any such entity, agency, or subdivision of the State of California, unless 
such costs are incurred on a voluntary basis. 
(c) R
IGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS NOTMODIFIED  
ORAMENDED .—Nothing in this Act shall modify 
or amend the rights and obligations of the par-ties to any existing— 
(1) water service, repayment, settlement, pur-
chase, or exchange contract with the United States, including the obligation to satisfy ex-change contracts and settlement contracts prior to the allocation of any other Central Valley Project water; or 
(2) State Water Project water supply or settle-
ment contract with the State. 
SEC. 504. ALLOCATIONS FOR SACRAMENTO VAL-
LEY CONTRACTORS. 
(a) A LLOCATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and 
subsection (b), the Secretary of the Interior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to allocate water provided for irrigation purposes to existing Central Valley Project agri-cultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed in compliance with the following: 
(A) Not less than 100 percent of their contract 
quantities in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. 
(B) Not less than 100 percent of their contract 
quantities in an ‘‘Above Normal’’ year. 
(C) Not less than 100 percent of their contract 
quantities in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is preceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. 
(D) Not less than 50 percent of their contract 
quantities in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal,’’ an ‘‘Above Normal,’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. 
(E) In all other years not identified herein, 
the allocation percentage for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractors within the Sacramento River Watershed shall not be less than twice the allocation per-centage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors, up to 100 percent; provided, that nothing herein shall pre-clude an allocation to existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricul-tural water service contractors. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary’s actions 
under paragraph (a) shall be subject to— 
(A) the priority of individuals or entities with 
Sacramento River water rights, including those with Sacramento River Settlement Contracts, that have priority to the diversion and use of Sacramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Cen-tral Valley Project; 
(B) the United States obligation to make a 
substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; and 
(C) the Secretary’s obligation to make water 
available to managed wetlands pursuant to sec-tion 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act (Public Law 102–575). 
(b) P
ROTECTION OF MUNICIPAL AND INDUS-
TRIAL SUPPLIES .—Nothing in subsection (a) 
shall be deemed to— 
(1) modify any provision of a water service 
contract that addresses municipal and indus-trial water shortage policies of the Secretary; 
(2) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-
retary to adopt or modify municipal and indus-trial water shortage policies; 
(3) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-
retary to implement municipal and industrial water shortage policies; or 
(4) affect allocations to Central Valley Project 
municipal and industrial contractors pursuant to such policies. 
Neither subsection (a) nor the Secretary’s imple-
mentation of subsection (a) shall constrain, gov-ern or affect, directly, the operations of the Cen-tral Valley Project’s American River Division or any deliveries from that Division, its units or fa-cilities. (c) N
OEFFECT ON ALLOCATIONS .—This section 
shall not— 
(1) affect the allocation of water to Friant Di-
vision contractors; or 
(2) result in the involuntary reduction in con-
tract water allocations to individuals or entities with contracts to receive water from the Friant Division. 
(d) P
ROGRAM FOR WATER RESCHEDULING .— 
The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to provide for the opportunity for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed to re-schedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project water service contracts, from one year to the next. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project 
agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means water service contractors within the Shasta, Trinity, and Sacramento River Divisions of the Central Valley Project, that have a water service con-tract in effect, on the date of the enactment of this section, that provides water for irrigation. 
(2) The year type terms used in subsection (a) 
have the meaning given those year types in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. 
SEC. 505. EFFECT ON EXISTING OBLIGATIONS. 
Nothing in this Act preempts or modifies any 
existing obligation of the United States under Federal reclamation law to operate the Central Valley Project in conformity with State law, in-cluding established water rights priorities. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. AUTHORIZED SERVICE AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorized service area 
of the Central Valley Project authorized under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706) shall in-clude the area within the boundaries of the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, as in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(b) L
ONG-TERMCONTRACT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Central 
Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706) and subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior, in accordance with the Federal reclamation laws, shall enter into a long-term contract with the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, under terms and conditions mutually agreeable to the parties, for the delivery of up to 900 acre- feet of Central Valley Project water for munic-ipal and industrial use. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Central Valley Project water 
deliveries authorized under the contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall be limited to the minimal quantity necessary to meet the imme-diate needs of the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, in the event that local supplies or State Water Project allocations are insufficient to meet those needs. 
(c) P
ERMIT .—The Secretary shall apply for a 
permit with the State for a joint place of use for water deliveries authorized under the contract entered into under subsection (b) with respect to the expanded service area under subsection (a), consistent with State law. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL COSTS.—If any additional in-
frastructure, water treatment, or related costs are needed to implement this section, those costs shall be the responsibility of the non-Federal entity. 
SEC. 602. OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR RESTORATION 
FUND. 
(a) P LAN; ADVISORY BOARD .—Section 3407 of 
the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4726) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) P
LAN ON EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5263 July 16, 2015 
Board, shall submit to Congress a plan for the 
expenditure of all of the funds deposited into the Restoration Fund during the preceding fis-cal year. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall include an 
analysis of the cost-effectiveness of each ex-penditure. 
‘‘(h) A
DVISORY BOARD .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the 
Restoration Fund Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’), which shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-
point members to the Advisory Board that rep-resent the various Central Valley Project stake-holders, of whom— 
‘‘(i) 4 members shall be agricultural users of 
the Central Valley Project, including at least one agricultural user from north-of-the-Delta and one agricultural user from south-of-the- Delta; 
‘‘(ii) 2 members shall be municipal and indus-
trial users of the Central Valley Project, includ-ing one municipal and industrial user from north-of-the-Delta and one municipal and in-dustrial user from south-of-the-Delta; 
‘‘(iii) 3 members shall be power contractors of 
the Central Valley Project, including at least one power contractor from north-of-the-Delta and from south-of-the-Delta; 
‘‘(iv) 1 member shall be a representative of a 
Federal national wildlife refuge that contracts for Central Valley Project water supplies with the Bureau of Reclamation; and 
‘‘(v) 1 member shall have expertise in the eco-
nomic impacts of the changes to water oper-ations. 
‘‘(B) O
BSERVER .—The Secretary and the Sec-
retary of Commerce may each designate a rep-resentative to act as an observer of the Advisory Board. 
‘‘(C) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint 1 of 
the members described in subparagraph (A) to serve as Chair of the Advisory Board. 
‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of the 
Advisory Board shall be 4 years. 
‘‘(4) D ATE OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-
ment of a member of the Panel shall be made not later than— 
‘‘(A) the date that is 120 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a vacancy on the Panel de-
scribed in subsection (c)(2), the date that is 120 days after the date on which the vacancy oc-curs. 
‘‘(5) V
ACANCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A vacancy on the Panel 
shall be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made and shall be subject to any conditions that applied with respect to the original appointment. 
‘‘(B) F
ILLING UNEXPIRED TERM .—An indi-
vidual chosen to fill a vacancy shall be ap-pointed for the unexpired term of the member re-placed. 
‘‘(C) E
XPIRATION OF TERMS .—The term of any 
member shall not expire before the date on which the successor of the member takes office. 
‘‘(6) R
EMOVAL .—A member of the Panel may 
be removed from office by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(7) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .—The 
Panel shall not be subject to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
‘‘(8) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Advisory 
Board are— 
‘‘(A) to meet not less frequently than semi-
annually to develop and make recommendations to the Secretary regarding priorities and spend-ing levels on projects and programs carried out under this title; 
‘‘(B) to ensure that any advice given or rec-
ommendation made by the Advisory Board re-flects the independent judgment of the Advisory Board; 
‘‘(C) not later than December 31, 2015, and an-
nually thereafter, to submit to the Secretary and Congress the recommendations under subpara-
graph (A); and 
‘‘(D) not later than December 31, 2015, and bi-
ennially thereafter, to submit to Congress details of the progress made in achieving the actions re-quired under section 3406. 
‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATION .—With the consent of 
the appropriate agency head, the Advisory Board may use the facilities and services of any Federal agency. 
‘‘(10) C
OOPERATION AND ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(A) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Upon re-
quest of the Panel Chair for information or as-sistance to facilitate carrying out this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly pro-vide such information, unless otherwise prohib-ited by law. 
‘‘(B) S
PACE AND ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall provide the Panel with ap-propriate and adequate office space, together with such equipment, office supplies, and com-munications facilities and services as may be necessary for the operation of the Panel, and shall provide necessary maintenance services for such offices and the equipment and facilities lo-cated therein.’’. 
SEC. 603. WATER SUPPLY ACCOUNTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All Central Valley Project 
water, except Central Valley Project water re-leased pursuant to U.S. Department of the Inte-rior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Im-pact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000 used to implement an ac-tion undertaken for a fishery beneficial purpose that was not imposed by terms and conditions existing in licenses, permits, and other agree-ments pertaining to the Central Valley Project under applicable State or Federal law existing on October 30, 1992, shall be credited to the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedi-cated and managed under this section; provided, that nothing herein shall affect the Secretary of the Interior’s duty to comply with any otherwise lawful requirement imposed on operations of the Central Valley Project under any provision of Federal or State law. 
(b) R
ECLAMATION POLICIES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS .—Reclamation policies and allocations 
shall not be based upon any premise or assump-tion that Central Valley Project contract sup-plies are supplemental or secondary to any other contractor source of supply. 
SEC. 604. IMPLEMENTATION OF WATER REPLACE-
MENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, the Secretary of the Interior shall update and implement the plan required by section 3408(j) of title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575. The Secretary shall notify the Congress annu-ally describing the progress of implementing the plan required by section 3408(j) of title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL AMENDMENT .—If the plan re-
quired in subsection (a) has not increased the Central Valley Project yield by 800,000 acre-feet within 5 years after the enactment of this Act, then section 3406 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) is amended as follows: 
(1) In subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (2)(C) to read: ‘‘(C) If by March 15, 2021, and any year there-
after the quantity of Central Valley Project water forecasted to be made available to all water service or repayment contractors of the Central Valley Project is below 50 percent of the total quantity of water to be made available under said contracts, the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed for that year under this paragraph shall be reduced by 25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 605. NATURAL AND ARTIFICIALLY SPAWNED 
SPECIES. 
After the date of the enactment of this title, 
and regardless of the date of listing, the Secre-taries of the Interior and Commerce shall not distinguish between natural-spawned and 
hatchery-spawned or otherwise artificially prop-agated strains of a species in making any deter-mination under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that relates to any anadromous or pelagic fish species that resides for all or a portion of its life in the Sacramento- San Joaquin Delta or rivers tributary thereto. 
SEC. 606. TRANSFER THE NEW MELONES UNIT, 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT TO IN-TERESTED PROVIDERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
section, the following terms apply: 
(1) I NTERESTED LOCAL WATER AND POWER PRO -
VIDERS .—The term ‘‘interested local water and 
power providers’’ includes the Calaveras County Water District, Calaveras Public Power Agency, Central San Joaquin Water Conservation Dis-trict, Oakdale Irrigation District, Stockton East Water District, South San Joaquin Irrigation District, Tuolumne Utilities District, Tuolumne Public Power Agency, and Union Public Utili-ties District. 
(2) N
EW MELONES UNIT , CENTRAL VALLEY  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘New Melones Unit, Cen-
tral Valley Project’’ means all Federal reclama-tion projects located within or diverting water from or to the watershed of the Stanislaus and San Joaquin rivers and their tributaries as au-thorized by the Act of August 26, 1937 (50 Stat. 850), and all Acts amendatory or supplemental thereto, including the Act of October 23, 1962 (76 Stat. 1173). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) N EGOTIATIONS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into negotiations with in-terested local water and power providers for the transfer ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers with-in the State of California. 
(c) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary shall transfer 
the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project in accordance with an agreement reached pursu-ant to negotiations conducted under subsection (b). 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 360 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate— 
(1) if an agreement is reached pursuant to ne-
gotiations conducted under subsection (b), the terms of that agreement; 
(2) of the status of formal discussions with in-
terested local water and power providers for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers; 
(3) of all unresolved issues that are preventing 
execution of an agreement for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to inter-ested local water and power providers; 
(4) on analysis and review of studies, reports, 
discussions, hearing transcripts, negotiations, and other information about past and present formal discussions that— 
(A) have a serious impact on the progress of 
the formal discussions; 
(B) explain or provide information about the 
issues that prevent progress or finalization of formal discussions; or 
(C) are, in whole or in part, preventing execu-
tion of an agreement for the transfer; and 
(5) of any actions the Secretary recommends 
that the United States should take to finalize an agreement for that transfer. 
SEC. 607. BASIN STUDIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZED STUDIES .—The Secretary of 
the Interior is authorized and directed to ex-pand opportunities and expedite completion of assessments under section 9503(b) of the SE-CURE Water Act (42 U.S.C. 10363(b)), with non- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5264 July 16, 2015 
Federal partners, of individual sub-basins and 
watersheds within major Reclamation river ba-sins; and shall ensure timely decision and expe-dited implementation of adaptation and mitiga-tion strategies developed through the special study process. 
(b) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The non-Federal partners 
shall be responsible for 100 percent of the cost of the special studies. 
(2) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may 
accept and use contributions of funds from the non-Federal partners to carry out activities under the special studies. 
SEC. 608. OPERATIONS OF THE TRINITY RIVER DI-
VISION. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in the operation 
of the Trinity River Division of the Central Val-ley Project, shall not make releases from Lewis-ton Dam in excess of the volume for each water- year type required by the U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environ-mental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000. 
(1) A maximum of 369,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Criti-
cally Dry’’ year. 
(2) A maximum of 453,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Dry’’ 
year. 
(3) A maximum of 647,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Nor-
mal’’ year. 
(4) A maximum of 701,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Wet’’ 
year. 
(5) A maximum of 815,000 acre-feet in an ‘‘Ex-
tremely Wet’’ year. 
SEC. 609. AMENDMENT TO PURPOSES. 
Section 3402 of the Central Valley Project Im-
provement Act (106 Stat. 4706) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f), by striking the period at 
the end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) to ensure that water dedicated to fish 
and wildlife purposes by this title is replaced and provided to Central Valley Project water contractors by December 31, 2018, at the lowest cost reasonably achievable; and 
‘‘(h) to facilitate and expedite water transfers 
in accordance with this Act.’’. 
SEC. 610. AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION. 
Section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Im-
provement Act (106 Stat. 4707) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(a) the term ‘anadromous fish’ means those 
native stocks of salmon (including steelhead) and sturgeon that, as of October 30, 1992, were present in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Riv-ers and their tributaries and ascend those rivers and their tributaries to reproduce after matur-ing in San Francisco Bay or the Pacific Ocean;’’; 
(2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘and,’’; (3) in subsection (m), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) the term ‘reasonable flow’ means water 
flows capable of being maintained taking into account competing consumptive uses of water and economic, environmental, and social fac-tors.’’. 
TITLE VII—WATER SUPPLY PERMITTING 
ACT 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Supply 
Permitting Coordination Act’’. 
SEC. 702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(2) B UREAU .—The term ‘‘Bureau’’ means the 
Bureau of Reclamation. 
(3) Q UALIFYING PROJECTS .—The term ‘‘quali-
fying projects’’ means new surface water storage projects in the States covered under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) constructed on lands 
administered by the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, exclusive of any easement, right-of-way, lease, or any pri-vate holding. 
(4) C
OOPERATING AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘co-
operating agency’’ means a Federal agency with jurisdiction over a review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision required for a qualifying project under applicable Federal laws and regulations, or a State agency subject to section 703(c). 
SEC. 703. ESTABLISHMENT OF LEAD AGENCY AND 
COOPERATING AGENCIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF LEAD AGENCY .—The 
Bureau of Reclamation is established as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all reviews, analyses, opinions, statements, permits, licenses, or other approvals or decisions required under Federal law to construct qualifying projects. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  
COOPERATING AGENCIES .—The Commissioner of 
the Bureau shall— 
(1) identify, as early as practicable upon re-
ceipt of an application for a qualifying project, any Federal agency that may have jurisdiction over a review, analysis, opinion, statement, per-mit, license, approval, or decision required for a qualifying project under applicable Federal laws and regulations; and 
(2) notify any such agency, within a reason-
able timeframe, that the agency has been des-ignated as a cooperating agency in regards to the qualifying project unless that agency re-sponds to the Bureau in writing, within a time-frame set forth by the Bureau, notifying the Bu-reau that the agency— 
(A) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the qualifying project; 
(B) has no expertise or information relevant to 
the qualifying project or any review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other ap-proval or decision associated therewith; or 
(C) does not intend to submit comments on the 
qualifying project or conduct any review of such a project or make any decision with respect to such project in a manner other than in coopera-tion with the Bureau. 
(c) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—A State in which a 
qualifying project is being considered may choose, consistent with State law— 
(1) to participate as a cooperating agency; 
and 
(2) to make subject to the processes of this title 
all State agencies that— 
(A) have jurisdiction over the qualifying 
project; 
(B) are required to conduct or issue a review, 
analysis, or opinion for the qualifying project; or 
(C) are required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or approval for the qualifying project. 
SEC. 704. BUREAU RESPONSIBILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The principal responsibil-
ities of the Bureau under this title are to— 
(1) serve as the point of contact for appli-
cants, State agencies, Indian tribes, and others regarding proposed qualifying projects; 
(2) coordinate preparation of unified environ-
mental documentation that will serve as the basis for all Federal decisions necessary to au-thorize the use of Federal lands for qualifying projects; and 
(3) coordinate all Federal agency reviews nec-
essary for project development and construction of qualifying projects. 
(b) C
OORDINATION PROCESS .—The Bureau 
shall have the following coordination respon-sibilities: 
(1) P
RE-APPLICATION COORDINATION .—Notify 
cooperating agencies of proposed qualifying projects not later than 30 days after receipt of a proposal and facilitate a preapplication meeting for prospective applicants, relevant Federal and State agencies, and Indian tribes to— 
(A) explain applicable processes, data require-
ments, and applicant submissions necessary to complete the required Federal agency reviews 
within the timeframe established; and 
(B) establish the schedule for the qualifying 
project. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION WITH COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.—Consult with the cooperating agencies 
throughout the Federal agency review process, identify and obtain relevant data in a timely manner, and set necessary deadlines for cooper-ating agencies. 
(3) S
CHEDULE .—Work with the qualifying 
project applicant and cooperating agencies to establish a project schedule. In establishing the schedule, the Bureau shall consider, among other factors— 
(A) the responsibilities of cooperating agencies 
under applicable laws and regulations; 
(B) the resources available to the cooperating 
agencies and the non-Federal qualifying project sponsor, as applicable; 
(C) the overall size and complexity of the 
qualifying project; 
(D) the overall schedule for and cost of the 
qualifying project; and 
(E) the sensitivity of the natural and historic 
resources that may be affected by the qualifying project. 
(4) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Prepare a 
unified environmental review document for each qualifying project application, incorporating a single environmental record on which all co-operating agencies with authority to issue ap-provals for a given qualifying project shall base project approval decisions. Help ensure that co-operating agencies make necessary decisions, within their respective authorities, regarding Federal approvals in accordance with the fol-lowing timelines: 
(A) Not later than one year after acceptance 
of a completed project application when an en-vironmental assessment and finding of no sig-nificant impact is determined to be the appro-priate level of review under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(B) Not later than one year and 30 days after 
the close of the public comment period for a draft environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), when an environmental im-pact statement is required under the same. 
(5) C
ONSOLIDATED ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .— 
Maintain a consolidated administrative record of the information assembled and used by the cooperating agencies as the basis for agency de-cisions. 
(6) P
ROJECT DATA RECORDS .—To the extent 
practicable and consistent with Federal law, en-sure that all project data is submitted and main-tained in generally accessible electronic format, compile, and where authorized under existing law, make available such project data to cooper-ating agencies, the qualifying project applicant, and to the public. 
(7) P
ROJECT MANAGER .—Appoint a project 
manager for each qualifying project. The project manager shall have authority to oversee the project and to facilitate the issuance of the rel-evant final authorizing documents, and shall be responsible for ensuring fulfillment of all Bu-reau responsibilities set forth in this section and all cooperating agency responsibilities under section 705. 
SEC. 705. COOPERATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL-
ITIES. 
(a) A DHERENCE TO BUREAU SCHEDULE .—Upon 
notification of an application for a qualifying project, all cooperating agencies shall submit to the Bureau a timeframe under which the co-operating agency reasonably considers it will be able to complete its authorizing responsibilities. The Bureau shall use the timeframe submitted under this subsection to establish the project schedule under section 704, and the cooperating agencies shall adhere to the project schedule es-tablished by the Bureau. 
(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL RECORD .—Cooperating 
agencies shall submit to the Bureau all environ-mental review material produced or compiled in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5265 July 16, 2015 
the course of carrying out activities required 
under Federal law consistent with the project schedule established by the Bureau. 
(c) D
ATA SUBMISSION .—To the extent prac-
ticable and consistent with Federal law, the co-operating agencies shall submit all relevant project data to the Bureau in a generally acces-sible electronic format subject to the project schedule set forth by the Bureau. 
SEC. 706. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, after public 
notice in accordance with the Administrative Procedures Act (5 U.S.C. 553), may accept and expend funds contributed by a non-Federal pub-lic entity to expedite the evaluation of a permit of that entity related to a qualifying project. 
(b) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this section, 
the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (a) will not impact impartial decisionmaking with respect to per-mits, either substantively or procedurally. 
(2) E
VALUATION OF PERMITS .—In carrying out 
this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the evaluation of permits carried out using funds accepted under this section shall— 
(A) be reviewed by the Regional Director of 
the Bureau, or the Regional Director’s designee, of the region in which the qualifying project or activity is located; and 
(B) use the same procedures for decisions that 
would otherwise be required for the evaluation of permits for similar projects or activities not carried out using funds authorized under this section. 
(3) I
MPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In carrying 
out this section, the Secretary and the cooper-ating agencies receiving funds under this sec-tion for qualifying projects shall ensure that the use of the funds accepted under this section for such projects shall not— 
(A) impact impartial decisionmaking with re-
spect to the issuance of permits, either sub-stantively or procedurally; or 
(B) diminish, modify, or otherwise affect the 
statutory or regulatory authorities of such agencies. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—None of 
the funds accepted under this section shall be used to carry out a review of the evaluation of permits required under subsection (b)(2)(A). 
(d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that all final permit decisions car-ried out using funds authorized under this sec-tion are made available to the public, including on the Internet. 
TITLE VIII—BUREAU OF RECLAMATION 
PROJECT STREAMLINING 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Rec-
lamation Project Streamlining Act’’. 
SEC. 802. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .—The 
term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed statement of environmental impacts of a project required to be prepared pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental 
review process’’ means the process of preparing an environmental impact statement, environ-mental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a project study. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental re-
view process’’ includes the process for and com-pletion of any environmental permit, approval, review, or study required for a project study under any Federal law other than the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(3) F
EDERAL JURISDICTIONAL AGENCY .—The 
term ‘‘Federal jurisdictional agency’’ means a Federal agency with jurisdiction delegated by law, regulation, order, or otherwise over a re-
view, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, li-cense, or other approval or decision required for a project study under applicable Federal laws (including regulations). 
(4) F
EDERAL LEAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Fed-
eral lead agency’’ means the Bureau of Rec-lamation. 
(5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a 
surface water project, a project under the pur-view of title XVI of Public Law 102–575, or a rural water supply project investigated under Public Law 109–451 to be carried out, funded or operated in whole or in party by the Secretary pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
(6) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project 
sponsor’’ means a State, regional, or local au-thority or instrumentality or other qualifying entity, such as a water conservation district, ir-rigation district, water conservancy district, joint powers authority, mutual water company, canal company, rural water district or associa-tion, or any other entity that has the capacity to contract with the United States under Fed-eral reclamation law. 
(7) P
ROJECT STUDY .—The term ‘‘project study’’ 
means a feasibility study for a project carried out pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
(9) S URFACE WATER STORAGE .—The term ‘‘sur-
face water storage’’ means any surface water reservoir or impoundment that would be owned, funded or operated in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation or that would be inte-grated into a larger system owned, operated or administered in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. 803. ACCELERATION OF STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To the extent practicable, a 
project study initiated by the Secretary, after the date of enactment of this Act, under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto, shall— 
(1) result in the completion of a final feasi-
bility report not later than 3 years after the date of initiation; 
(2) have a maximum Federal cost of $3,000,000; 
and 
(3) ensure that personnel from the local 
project area, region, and headquarters levels of the Bureau of Reclamation concurrently con-duct the review required under this section. 
(b) E
XTENSION .—If the Secretary determines 
that a project study described in subsection (a) will not be conducted in accordance with sub-section (a), the Secretary, not later than 30 days after the date of making the determination, shall— 
(1) prepare an updated project study schedule 
and cost estimate; 
(2) notify the non-Federal project cost-sharing 
partner that the project study has been delayed; and 
(3) provide written notice to the Committee on 
Natural Resources of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate as to the reasons the re-quirements of subsection (a) are not attainable. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the require-
ments of subsection (a), the Secretary may ex-tend the timeline of a project study by a period not to exceed 3 years, if the Secretary deter-mines that the project study is too complex to comply with the requirements of subsection (a). 
(2) F
ACTORS .—In making a determination that 
a study is too complex to comply with the re-quirements of subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(A) the type, size, location, scope, and overall 
cost of the project; (B) whether the project will use any innova-
tive design or construction techniques; 
(C) whether the project will require significant 
action by other Federal, State, or local agencies; 
(D) whether there is significant public dispute 
as to the nature or effects of the project; and 
(E) whether there is significant public dispute 
as to the economic or environmental costs or benefits of the project. 
(3) N
OTIFICATION .—Each time the Secretary 
makes a determination under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide written notice to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate as to the results of that determination, including an iden-tification of the specific one or more factors used in making the determination that the project is complex. 
(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not ex-
tend the timeline for a project study for a period of more than 7 years, and any project study that is not completed before that date shall no longer be authorized. 
(d) R
EVIEWS .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the initiation of a project study de-scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) take all steps necessary to initiate the 
process for completing federally mandated re-views that the Secretary is required to complete as part of the study, including the environ-mental review process under section 805; 
(2) convene a meeting of all Federal, tribal, 
and State agencies identified under section 805(d) that may— 
(A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) be required by law to conduct or issue a 
review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
(C) be required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study; and 
(3) take all steps necessary to provide informa-
tion that will enable required reviews and anal-yses related to the project to be conducted by other agencies in a thorough and timely man-ner. 
(e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a report that describes— 
(1) the status of the implementation of the 
planning process under this section, including the number of participating projects; 
(2) a review of project delivery schedules, in-
cluding a description of any delays on those studies initiated prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and 
(3) any recommendations for additional au-
thority necessary to support efforts to expedite the project. 
(f) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 4 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a re-port that describes— 
(1) the status of the implementation of this 
section, including a description of each project study subject to the requirements of this section; 
(2) the amount of time taken to complete each 
project study; and 
(3) any recommendations for additional au-
thority necessary to support efforts to expedite the project study process, including an analysis of whether the limitation established by sub-section (a)(2) needs to be adjusted to address the impacts of inflation. 
SEC. 804. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF REPORTS. 
The Secretary shall— (1) expedite the completion of any ongoing 
project study initiated before the date of enact-ment of this Act; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5266 July 16, 2015 
(2) if the Secretary determines that the project 
is justified in a completed report, proceed di-rectly to preconstruction planning, engineering, and design of the project in accordance with the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
SEC. 805. PROJECT ACCELERATION. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This section shall apply to— 
(A) each project study that is initiated after 
the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental impact statement is prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(B) the extent determined appropriate by the 
Secretary, to other project studies initiated be-fore the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental review process docu-ment is prepared under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(C) any project study for the development of a 
non-federally owned and operated surface water storage project for which the Secretary deter-mines there is a demonstrable Federal interest and the project— 
(i) is located in a river basin where other Bu-
reau of Reclamation water projects are located; 
(ii) will create additional water supplies that 
support Bureau of Reclamation water projects; or 
(iii) will become integrated into the operation 
of Bureau of Reclamation water projects. 
(2) F
LEXIBILITY .—Any authority granted 
under this section may be exercised, and any re-quirement established under this section may be satisfied, for the conduct of an environmental review process for a project study, a class of project studies, or a program of project studies. 
(3) L
IST OF PROJECT STUDIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally prepare, and make publicly available, a list of all project studies that the Secretary has de-termined— 
(i) meets the standards described in paragraph 
(1); and 
(ii) does not have adequate funding to make 
substantial progress toward the completion of the project study. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Secretary shall include 
for each project study on the list under subpara-graph (A) a description of the estimated amounts necessary to make substantial progress on the project study. 
(b) P
ROJECT REVIEW PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop 
and implement a coordinated environmental re-view process for the development of project stud-ies. 
(2) C
OORDINATED REVIEW .—The coordinated 
environmental review process described in para-graph (1) shall require that any review, anal-ysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision issued or made by a Fed-eral, State, or local governmental agency or an Indian tribe for a project study described in sub-section (b) be conducted, to the maximum extent practicable, concurrently with any other appli-cable governmental agency or Indian tribe. 
(3) T
IMING .—The coordinated environmental 
review process under this subsection shall be completed not later than the date on which the Secretary, in consultation and concurrence with the agencies identified under section 805(d), es-tablishes with respect to the project study. 
(c) L
EADAGENCIES .— 
(1) J OINT LEAD AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the requirements 
of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the require-ments of section 1506.8 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), in-cluding the concurrence of the proposed joint lead agency, a project sponsor may serve as the joint lead agency. 
(B) P
ROJECT SPONSOR AS JOINT LEAD AGEN -
CY.—A project sponsor that is a State or local 
governmental entity may— (i) with the concurrence of the Secretary, 
serve as a joint lead agency with the Federal lead agency for purposes of preparing any envi-ronmental document under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(ii) prepare any environmental review process 
document under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) re-quired in support of any action or approval by the Secretary if— 
(I) the Secretary provides guidance in the 
preparation process and independently evalu-ates that document; 
(II) the project sponsor complies with all re-
quirements applicable to the Secretary under— 
(aa) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(bb) any regulation implementing that Act; 
and 
(cc) any other applicable Federal law; and (III) the Secretary approves and adopts the 
document before the Secretary takes any subse-quent action or makes any approval based on that document, regardless of whether the action or approval of the Secretary results in Federal funding. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that— 
(A) the project sponsor complies with all de-
sign and mitigation commitments made jointly by the Secretary and the project sponsor in any environmental document prepared by the project sponsor in accordance with this subsection; and 
(B) any environmental document prepared by 
the project sponsor is appropriately supple-mented to address any changes to the project the Secretary determines are necessary. 
(3) A
DOPTION AND USE OF DOCUMENTS .—Any 
environmental document prepared in accord-ance with this subsection shall be adopted and used by any Federal agency making any deter-mination related to the project study to the same extent that the Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— 
(A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(B) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of 
Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
(4) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEAD AGEN -
CY.—With respect to the environmental review 
process for any project study, the Federal lead agency shall have authority and responsi-bility— 
(A) to take such actions as are necessary and 
proper and within the authority of the Federal lead agency to facilitate the expeditious resolu-tion of the environmental review process for the project study; and 
(B) to prepare or ensure that any required en-
vironmental impact statement or other environ-mental review document for a project study re-quired to be completed under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) is completed in accordance with this sec-tion and applicable Federal law. 
(d) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I DENTIFICATION OF JURISDICTIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—With respect to carrying out the environ-
mental review process for a project study, the Secretary shall identify, as early as practicable in the environmental review process, all Federal, State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes that may— 
(A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) be required by law to conduct or issue a 
review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
(C) be required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. 
(2) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—If the environmental 
review process is being implemented by the Sec-retary for a project study within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the process and to make subject to the process all State agencies 
that— 
(A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) are required to conduct or issue a review, 
analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
(C) are required to make a determination on 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. 
(3) I
NVITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal lead agency 
shall invite, as early as practicable in the envi-ronmental review process, any agency identified under paragraph (1) to become a participating or cooperating agency, as applicable, in the en-vironmental review process for the project study. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—An invitation to participate 
issued under subparagraph (A) shall set a dead-line by which a response to the invitation shall be submitted, which may be extended by the Federal lead agency for good cause. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES .—Section 1501.6 of title 40, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act) shall govern the iden-tification and the participation of a cooperating agency. 
(5) F
EDERAL COOPERATING AGENCIES .—Any 
Federal agency that is invited by the Federal lead agency to participate in the environmental review process for a project study shall be des-ignated as a cooperating agency by the Federal lead agency unless the invited agency informs the Federal lead agency, in writing, by the deadline specified in the invitation that the in-vited agency— 
(A)(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the project; 
(ii) has no expertise or information relevant to 
the project; or 
(iii) does not have adequate funds to partici-
pate in the project; and 
(B) does not intend to submit comments on the 
project. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATION .—A participating or co-
operating agency shall comply with this section and any schedule established under this section. 
(7) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—Designation as a 
participating or cooperating agency under this subsection shall not imply that the participating or cooperating agency— 
(A) supports a proposed project; or (B) has any jurisdiction over, or special exper-
tise with respect to evaluation of, the project. 
(8) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Each participating 
or cooperating agency shall— 
(A) carry out the obligations of that agency 
under other applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the required environmental re-view process, unless doing so would prevent the participating or cooperating agency from con-ducting needed analysis or otherwise carrying out those obligations; and 
(B) formulate and implement administrative, 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environ-mental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. 
(e) N
ON-FEDERAL PROJECTS INTEGRATED INTO 
RECLAMATION SYSTEMS .—The Federal lead 
agency shall serve in that capacity for the en-tirety of all non-Federal projects that will be in-tegrated into a larger system owned, operated or administered in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
(f) N
ON-FEDERAL PROJECT .—If the Secretary 
determines that a project can be expedited by a non-Federal sponsor and that there is a demon-strable Federal interest in expediting that project, the Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to advance such a project as a non-Federal project, including, but not limited to, entering into agreements with the non-Fed-eral sponsor of such project to support the plan-ning, design and permitting of such project as a non-Federal project. 
(g) P
ROGRAMMATIC COMPLIANCE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5267 July 16, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue 
guidance regarding the use of programmatic ap-proaches to carry out the environmental review process that— 
(A) eliminates repetitive discussions of the 
same issues; 
(B) focuses on the actual issues ripe for anal-
yses at each level of review; 
(C) establishes a formal process for coordi-
nating with participating and cooperating agen-cies, including the creation of a list of all data that are needed to carry out an environmental review process; and 
(D) complies with— 
(i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(ii) all other applicable laws. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall— 
(A) as the first step in drafting guidance 
under that paragraph, consult with relevant Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public on the appropriate use and scope of the programmatic approaches; 
(B) emphasize the importance of collaboration 
among relevant Federal, State, and local gov-ernmental agencies, and Indian tribes in under-taking programmatic reviews, especially with re-spect to including reviews with a broad geo-graphical scope; 
(C) ensure that the programmatic reviews— (i) promote transparency, including of the 
analyses and data used in the environmental re-view process, the treatment of any deferred issues raised by Federal, State, and local gov-ernmental agencies, Indian tribes, or the public, and the temporal and special scales to be used to analyze those issues; 
(ii) use accurate and timely information in the 
environmental review process, including— 
(I) criteria for determining the general dura-
tion of the usefulness of the review; and 
(II) the timeline for updating any out-of-date 
review; 
(iii) describe— (I) the relationship between programmatic 
analysis and future tiered analysis; and 
(II) the role of the public in the creation of fu-
ture tiered analysis; and 
(iv) are available to other relevant Federal, 
State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public; 
(D) allow not fewer than 60 days of public no-
tice and comment on any proposed guidance; and 
(E) address any comments received under sub-
paragraph (D). 
(h) C
OORDINATED REVIEWS .— 
(1) C OORDINATION PLAN .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Federal lead agen-
cy shall, after consultation with and with the concurrence of each participating and cooper-ating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, establish a plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and comment on, the environmental review process for a project study or a category of project studies. 
(B) S
CHEDULE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable but 
not later than 45 days after the close of the pub-lic comment period on a draft environmental im-pact statement, the Federal lead agency, after consultation with and the concurrence of each participating and cooperating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applica-ble, shall establish, as part of the coordination plan established in subparagraph (A), a sched-ule for completion of the environmental review process for the project study. 
(ii) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing a schedule, the Secretary shall consider factors such as— 
(I) the responsibilities of participating and co-
operating agencies under applicable laws; 
(II) the resources available to the project 
sponsor, joint lead agency, and other relevant Federal and State agencies, as applicable; (III) the overall size and complexity of the 
project; 
(IV) the overall schedule for and cost of the 
project; and 
(V) the sensitivity of the natural and histor-
ical resources that could be affected by the project. 
(iii) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary may— 
(I) lengthen a schedule established under 
clause (i) for good cause; and 
(II) shorten a schedule only with concurrence 
of the affected participating and cooperating agencies and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable. 
(iv) D
ISSEMINATION .—A copy of a schedule es-
tablished under clause (i) shall be— 
(I) provided to each participating and cooper-
ating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable; and 
(II) made available to the public. (2) C
OMMENT DEADLINES .—The Federal lead 
agency shall establish the following deadlines for comment during the environmental review process for a project study: 
(A) D
RAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATE -
MENTS .—For comments by Federal and State 
agencies and the public on a draft environ-mental impact statement, a period of not more than 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of notice of the date of public avail-ability of the draft environmental impact state-ment, unless— 
(i) a different deadline is established by agree-
ment of the Federal lead agency, the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, and all participating and cooperating agencies; or 
(ii) the deadline is extended by the Federal 
lead agency for good cause. 
(B) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROC -
ESSES .—For all other comment periods estab-
lished by the Federal lead agency for agency or public comments in the environmental review process, a period of not more than 30 days after the date on which the materials on which com-ment is requested are made available, unless— 
(i) a different deadline is established by agree-
ment of the Federal lead agency, the project sponsor, or joint lead agency, as applicable, and all participating and cooperating agencies; or 
(ii) the deadline is extended by the Federal 
lead agency for good cause. 
(3) D
EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .—In any case in which a decision under 
any Federal law relating to a project study, in-cluding the issuance or denial of a permit or li-cense, is required to be made by the date de-scribed in subsection (i)(5)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate— 
(A) as soon as practicable after the 180-day 
period described in subsection (i)(5)(B), an ini-tial notice of the failure of the Federal agency to make the decision; and 
(B) every 60 days thereafter until such date as 
all decisions of the Federal agency relating to the project study have been made by the Federal agency, an additional notice that describes the number of decisions of the Federal agency that remain outstanding as of the date of the addi-tional notice. 
(4) I
NVOLVEMENT OF THE PUBLIC .—Nothing in 
this subsection reduces any time period provided for public comment in the environmental review process under applicable Federal law (including regulations). 
(5) T
RANSPARENCY REPORTING .— 
(A) R EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain an electronic database and, in coordination with other Federal and State agencies, issue re-porting requirements to make publicly available the status and progress with respect to compli-ance with applicable requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval or action required for a 
project study for which this section is applica-ble. 
(B) P
ROJECT STUDY TRANSPARENCY .—Con-
sistent with the requirements established under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall make publicly available the status and progress of any Federal, State, or local decision, action, or approval required under applicable laws for each project study for which this section is ap-plicable. 
(i) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
(1) C OOPERATION .—The Federal lead agency, 
the cooperating agencies, and any participating agencies shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of the environ-mental review process or result in the denial of any approval required for the project study under applicable laws. 
(2) F
EDERAL LEAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal lead agency 
shall make information available to the cooper-ating agencies and participating agencies as early as practicable in the environmental review process regarding the environmental and socio-economic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alter-natives under consideration. 
(B) D
ATA SOURCES .—The information under 
subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including geographic information sys-tems mapping. 
(3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Based on information re-
ceived from the Federal lead agency, cooper-ating and participating agencies shall identify, as early as practicable, any issues of concern re-garding the potential environmental or socio-economic impacts of the project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from granting a permit or other ap-proval that is needed for the project study. 
(4) A
CCELERATED ISSUE RESOLUTION AND ELE -
VATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a partici-
pating or cooperating agency or project sponsor, the Secretary shall convene an issue resolution meeting with the relevant participating and co-operating agencies and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, to resolve issues that may— 
(i) delay completion of the environmental re-
view process; or 
(ii) result in denial of any approval required 
for the project study under applicable laws. 
(B) M
EETING DATE .—A meeting requested 
under this paragraph shall be held not later than 21 days after the date on which the Sec-retary receives the request for the meeting, un-less the Secretary determines that there is good cause to extend that deadline. 
(C) N
OTIFICATION .—On receipt of a request for 
a meeting under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify all relevant participating and co-operating agencies of the request, including the issue to be resolved and the date for the meet-ing. 
(D) E
LEVATION OF ISSUE RESOLUTION .—If a 
resolution cannot be achieved within the 30-day period beginning on the date of a meeting under this paragraph and a determination is made by the Secretary that all information necessary to resolve the issue has been obtained, the Sec-retary shall forward the dispute to the heads of the relevant agencies for resolution. 
(E) C
ONVENTION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may convene an issue resolution meeting under this paragraph at any time, at the discre-tion of the Secretary, regardless of whether a meeting is requested under subparagraph (A). 
(5) F
INANCIAL PENALTY PROVISIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A Federal jurisdictional 
agency shall complete any required approval or decision for the environmental review process on an expeditious basis using the shortest existing applicable process. 
(B) F
AILURE TO DECIDE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5268 July 16, 2015 
(i) IN GENERAL .— 
(I) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—If a Federal jurisdic-
tional agency fails to render a decision required under any Federal law relating to a project study that requires the preparation of an envi-ronmental impact statement or environmental assessment, including the issuance or denial of a permit, license, statement, opinion, or other approval by the date described in clause (ii), the amount of funds made available to support the office of the head of the Federal jurisdictional agency shall be reduced by an amount of fund-ing equal to the amount specified in item (aa) or (bb) of subclause (II), and those funds shall be made available to the division of the Federal ju-risdictional agency charged with rendering the decision by not later than 1 day after the appli-cable date under clause (ii), and once each week thereafter until a final decision is rendered, sub-ject to subparagraph (C). 
(II) A
MOUNT TO BE TRANSFERRED .—The 
amount referred to in subclause (I) is— 
(aa) $20,000 for any project study requiring 
the preparation of an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement; or 
(bb) $10,000 for any project study requiring 
any type of review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) other than an environmental assessment or en-vironmental impact statement. 
(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date referred 
to in clause (i) is the later of— 
(I) the date that is 180 days after the date on 
which an application for the permit, license, or approval is complete; and 
(II) the date that is 180 days after the date on 
which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(C) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—No transfer of funds under 
subparagraph (B) relating to an individual project study shall exceed, in any fiscal year, an amount equal to 1 percent of the funds made available for the applicable agency office. 
(ii) F
AILURE TO DECIDE .—The total amount 
transferred in a fiscal year as a result of a fail-ure by an agency to make a decision by an ap-plicable deadline shall not exceed an amount equal to 5 percent of the funds made available for the applicable agency office for that fiscal year. 
(iii) A
GGREGATE .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, for each fiscal year, the aggre-gate amount of financial penalties assessed against each applicable agency office under this Act and any other Federal law as a result of a failure of the agency to make a decision by an applicable deadline for environmental review, including the total amount transferred under this paragraph, shall not exceed an amount equal to 9.5 percent of the funds made available for the agency office for that fiscal year. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION OF TRANSFERS .—Not later 
than 10 days after the last date in a fiscal year on which funds of the Federal jurisdictional agency may be transferred under subparagraph (B)(5) with respect to an individual decision, the agency shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of the House of Representatives and the Senate written notification that includes a de-scription of— 
(i) the decision; (ii) the project study involved; (iii) the amount of each transfer under sub-
paragraph (B) in that fiscal year relating to the decision; 
(iv) the total amount of all transfers under 
subparagraph (B) in that fiscal year relating to the decision; and 
(v) the total amount of all transfers of the 
agency under subparagraph (B) in that fiscal year. 
(E) N
O FAULT OF AGENCY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A transfer of funds under 
this paragraph shall not be made if the applica-ble agency described in subparagraph (A) noti-fies, with a supporting explanation, the Federal 
lead agency, cooperating agencies, and project sponsor, as applicable, that— 
(I) the agency has not received necessary in-
formation or approvals from another entity in a manner that affects the ability of the agency to meet any requirements under Federal, State, or local law; 
(II) significant new information, including 
from public comments, or circumstances, includ-ing a major modification to an aspect of the project, requires additional analysis for the agency to make a decision on the project appli-cation; or 
(III) the agency lacks the financial resources 
to complete the review under the scheduled time-frame, including a description of the number of full-time employees required to complete the re-view, the amount of funding required to com-plete the review, and a justification as to why not enough funding is available to complete the review by the deadline. 
(ii) L
ACK OF FINANCIAL RESOURCES .—If the 
agency provides notice under clause (i)(III), the Inspector General of the agency shall— 
(I) conduct a financial audit to review the no-
tice; and 
(II) not later than 90 days after the date on 
which the review described in subclause (I) is completed, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of the audit conducted under subclause (I). 
(F) L
IMITATION .—The Federal agency from 
which funds are transferred pursuant to this paragraph shall not reprogram funds to the of-fice of the head of the agency, or equivalent of-fice, to reimburse that office for the loss of the funds. 
(G) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this 
paragraph affects or limits the application of, or obligation to comply with, any Federal, State, local, or tribal law. 
(j) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENTS FOR EARLY 
COORDINATION .— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(A) the Secretary and other Federal agencies 
with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process should cooperate with each other, State and local agencies, and Indian tribes on environmental review and Bureau of Reclamation project delivery activities at the earliest practicable time to avoid delays and du-plication of effort later in the process, prevent potential conflicts, and ensure that planning and project development decisions reflect envi-ronmental values; and 
(B) the cooperation referred to in subpara-
graph (A) should include the development of policies and the designation of staff that advise planning agencies and project sponsors of stud-ies or other information foreseeably required for later Federal action and early consultation with appropriate State and local agencies and Indian tribes. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested at 
any time by a State or project sponsor, the Sec-retary and other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, shall, to the maximum extent practicable and appropriate, as determined by the agencies, pro-vide technical assistance to the State or project sponsor in carrying out early coordination ac-tivities. 
(3) M
EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .—If 
requested at any time by a State or project spon-sor, the Federal lead agency, in consultation with other Federal agencies with relevant juris-diction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, Indian tribes, State and local governments, and other appropriate entities to carry out the early coordination activities, in-cluding providing technical assistance in identi-fying potential impacts and mitigation issues in an integrated fashion. (k) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section pre-
empts or interferes with— 
(1) any obligation to comply with the provi-
sions of any Federal law, including— 
(A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(B) any other Federal environmental law; (2) the reviewability of any final Federal 
agency action in a court of the United States or in the court of any State; 
(3) any requirement for seeking, considering, 
or responding to public comment; or 
(4) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, 
duty, or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provision of law applicable to projects. 
(l) T
IMING OF CLAIMS .— 
(1) T IMING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or other approval issued by a Federal agency for a project study shall be barred unless the claim is filed not later than 3 years after publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing that the permit, license, or other approval is final pursuant to the law under which the agen-cy action is taken, unless a shorter time is speci-fied in the Federal law that allows judicial re-view. 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sub-
section creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of a permit, license, or other approval. 
(2) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall consider 
new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements for a supplemental environmental impact statement under title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations). 
(B) S
EPARATE ACTION .—The preparation of a 
supplemental environmental impact statement or other environmental document, if required under this section, shall be considered a sepa-rate final agency action and the deadline for fil-ing a claim for judicial review of the action shall be 3 years after the date of publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing the action relating to such supplemental environ-mental impact statement or other environmental document. 
(m) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(A) survey the use by the Bureau of Reclama-
tion of categorical exclusions in projects since 2005; 
(B) publish a review of the survey that in-
cludes a description of— 
(i) the types of actions that were categorically 
excluded or could be the basis for developing a new categorical exclusion; and 
(ii) any requests previously received by the 
Secretary for new categorical exclusions; and 
(C) solicit requests from other Federal agen-
cies and project sponsors for new categorical ex-clusions. 
(2) N
EW CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, if the Secretary has identified a category of activities that merit establishing a categorical exclusion that did not exist on the day before the date of enactment this Act based on the re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to pro-pose that new categorical exclusion, to the ex-tent that the categorical exclusion meets the cri-teria for a categorical exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulation). 
(n) R
EVIEW OF PROJECT ACCELERATION RE-
FORMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5269 July 16, 2015 
(A) assess the reforms carried out under this 
section; and 
(B) not later than 5 years and not later than 
10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes the results of the assessment. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The reports under paragraph 
(1) shall include an evaluation of impacts of the reforms carried out under this section on— 
(A) project delivery; (B) compliance with environmental laws; and (C) the environmental impact of projects. (o) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a program to measure and report on progress made toward improving and expediting the planning and environmental re-view process. 
(p) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS IN EMER-
GENCIES .—For the repair, reconstruction, or re-
habilitation of a Bureau of Reclamation surface water storage project that is in operation or under construction when damaged by an event or incident that results in a declaration by the President of a major disaster or emergency pur-suant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Secretary shall treat such repair, re-construction, or rehabilitation activity as a class of action categorically excluded from the re-quirements relating to environmental assess-ments or environmental impact statements under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations), if the repair or reconstruction activity is— 
(1) in the same location with the same capac-
ity, dimensions, and design as the original Bu-reau of Reclamation surface water storage project as before the declaration described in this section; and 
(2) commenced within a 2-year period begin-
ning on the date of a declaration described in this subsection. 
SEC. 806. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1 of 
each year, the Secretary shall develop and sub-mit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual report, to be entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Future Water Project Development’’, that identifies the following: 
(1) P
ROJECT REPORTS .—Each project report 
that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A). 
(2) P
ROPOSED PROJECT STUDIES .—Any pro-
posed project study submitted to the Secretary by a non-Federal interest pursuant to sub-section (b) that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A). 
(3) P
ROPOSED MODIFICATIONS .—Any proposed 
modification to an authorized water project or project study that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A) that— 
(A) is submitted to the Secretary by a non- 
Federal interest pursuant to subsection (b); or 
(B) is identified by the Secretary for author-
ization. 
(4) E
XPEDITED COMPLETION OF REPORT AND  
DETERMINATIONS .—Any project study that was 
expedited and any Secretarial determinations under section 804. 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) P UBLICATION .—Not later than May 1 of 
each year, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice requesting proposals from non-Federal interests for proposed project studies and proposed modifications to author-ized projects and project studies to be included in the annual report. 
(2) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTS .—The Secretary 
shall include in each notice required by this subsection a requirement that non-Federal in-terests submit to the Secretary any proposals de-scribed in paragraph (1) by not later than 120 days after the date of publication of the notice 
in the Federal Register in order for the pro-posals to be considered for inclusion in the an-nual report. 
(3) N
OTIFICATION .—On the date of publication 
of each notice required by this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
(A) make the notice publicly available, includ-
ing on the Internet; and 
(B) provide written notification of the publi-
cation to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .— 
(1) P ROJECT REPORTS , PROPOSED PROJECT  
STUDIES , AND PROPOSED MODIFICATIONS .— 
(A) C RITERIA FOR INCLUSION IN REPORT .—The 
Secretary shall include in the annual report only those project reports, proposed project studies, and proposed modifications to author-ized projects and project studies that— 
(i) are related to the missions and authorities 
of the Bureau of Reclamation; 
(ii) require specific congressional authoriza-
tion, including by an Act of Congress; 
(iii) have not been congressionally authorized; (iv) have not been included in any previous 
annual report; and 
(v) if authorized, could be carried out by the 
Bureau of Reclamation. 
(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF BENEFITS .— 
(i) D ESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall describe 
in the annual report, to the extent applicable and practicable, for each proposed project study and proposed modification to an authorized water resources development project or project study included in the annual report, the bene-fits, as described in clause (ii), of each such study or proposed modification. 
(ii) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits (or expected bene-
fits, in the case of a proposed project study) de-scribed in this clause are benefits to— 
(I) the protection of human life and property; (II) improvement to domestic irrigated water 
and power supplies; 
(III) the national economy; (IV) the environment; or (V) the national security interests of the 
United States. 
(C) I
DENTIFICATION OF OTHER FACTORS .—The 
Secretary shall identify in the annual report, to the extent practicable— 
(i) for each proposed project study included in 
the annual report, the non-Federal interest that submitted the proposed project study pursuant to subsection (b); and 
(ii) for each proposed project study and pro-
posed modification to a project or project study included in the annual report, whether the non- Federal interest has demonstrated— 
(I) that local support exists for the proposed 
project study or proposed modification to an au-thorized project or project study (including the surface water storage development project that is the subject of the proposed feasibility study or the proposed modification to an authorized project study); and 
(II) the financial ability to provide the re-
quired non-Federal cost share. 
(2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the annual report, for each project re-port, proposed project study, and proposed modification to a project or project study in-cluded under paragraph (1)(A)— 
(A) the name of the associated non-Federal 
interest, including the name of any non-Federal interest that has contributed, or is expected to contribute, a non-Federal share of the cost of— 
(i) the project report; (ii) the proposed project study; (iii) the authorized project study for which 
the modification is proposed; or 
(iv) construction of— (I) the project that is the subject of— (aa) the water report; (bb) the proposed project study; or (cc) the authorized project study for which a 
modification is proposed; or (II) the proposed modification to a project; 
(B) a letter or statement of support for the 
water report, proposed project study, or pro-posed modification to a project or project study from each associated non-Federal interest; 
(C) the purpose of the feasibility report, pro-
posed feasibility study, or proposed modification to a project or project study; 
(D) an estimate, to the extent practicable, of 
the Federal, non-Federal, and total costs of— 
(i) the proposed modification to an authorized 
project study; and 
(ii) construction of— (I) the project that is the subject of— (aa) the project report; or (bb) the authorized project study for which a 
modification is proposed, with respect to the change in costs resulting from such modifica-tion; or 
(II) the proposed modification to an author-
ized project; and 
(E) an estimate, to the extent practicable, of 
the monetary and nonmonetary benefits of— 
(i) the project that is the subject of— (I) the project report; or (II) the authorized project study for which a 
modification is proposed, with respect to the benefits of such modification; or 
(ii) the proposed modification to an author-
ized project. 
(3) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the annual report a certification stat-ing that each feasibility report, proposed feasi-bility study, and proposed modification to a project or project study included in the annual report meets the criteria established in para-graph (1)(A). 
(4) A
PPENDIX .—The Secretary shall include in 
the annual report an appendix listing the pro-posals submitted under subsection (b) that were not included in the annual report under para-graph (1)(A) and a description of why the Sec-retary determined that those proposals did not meet the criteria for inclusion under such para-graph. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INITIAL ANNUAL RE-
PORT.—Notwithstanding any other deadlines re-
quired by this section, the Secretary shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice required by subsection (b)(1); and 
(2) include in such notice a requirement that 
non-Federal interests submit to the Secretary any proposals described in subsection (b)(1) by not later than 120 days after the date of publi-cation of such notice in the Federal Register in order for such proposals to be considered for in-clusion in the first annual report developed by the Secretary under this section. 
(e) P
UBLICATION .—Upon submission of an an-
nual report to Congress, the Secretary shall make the annual report publicly available, in-cluding through publication on the Internet. 
(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘project report’’ means a final feasibility report developed under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
TITLE IX—ACCELERATED REVENUE, RE-
PAYMENT, AND SURFACE WATER STOR-AGE ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerated 
Revenue, Repayment, and Surface Water Stor-age Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 902. PREPAYMENT OF CERTAIN REPAYMENT 
CONTRACTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CONTRACTORS OF FED-ERALLY DEVELOPED WATER SUP-PLIES. 
(a) C ONVERSION AND PREPAYMENT OF CON-
TRACTS .— 
(1) C ONVERSION .—Upon request of the con-
tractor, the Secretary of the Interior shall con-vert any water service contract in effect on the date of enactment of this Act and between the United States and a water users’ association to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5270 July 16, 2015 
allow for prepayment of the repayment contract 
pursuant to paragraph (2) under mutually agreeable terms and conditions. The manner of conversion under this paragraph shall be as fol-lows: 
(A) Water service contracts that were entered 
into under section 9(e) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1196), to be converted under this section shall be converted to repayment con-tracts under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). 
(B) Water service contracts that were entered 
under subsection (c)(2) of section 9 of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1194), to be converted under this section shall be converted to a con-tract under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). 
(2) P
REPAYMENT .—All repayment contracts 
under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enactment of this Act at the request of the contractor, and all contracts con-verted pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall— 
(A) provide for the repayment, either in lump 
sum or by accelerated prepayment, of the re-maining construction costs identified in water project specific irrigation rate repayment sched-ules, as adjusted to reflect payment not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor, or if made in approximately equal installments, no later than 3 years after the effective date of the repayment contract, such amount to be discounted by 
1⁄2 
the Treasury rate. An estimate of the remaining construction costs, as adjusted, shall be pro-vided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days following receipt of request of the contractor; 
(B) require that construction costs or other 
capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not reflected in the rate schedule referenced in subparagraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notifica-tion of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual allocation of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversa-tion under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or great-er, such cost shall be repaid as provided by ap-plicable reclamation law; 
(C) provide that power revenues will not be 
available to aid in repayment of construction costs allocated to irrigation under the contract; and 
(D) continue so long as the contractor pays 
applicable charges, consistent with section 9(d) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. 
(3) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENTS .—The following 
shall apply with regard to all repayment con-tracts under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act at the request of the contractor, and all contracts converted pursuant to para-graph (1)(B): 
(A) Provide for the repayment in lump sum of 
the remaining construction costs identified in water project specific municipal and industrial rate repayment schedules, as adjusted to reflect payments not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor. An estimate of the remaining con-struction costs, as adjusted, shall be provided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days after receipt of request of contractor. 
(B) The contract shall require that construc-
tion costs or other capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not re-flected in the rate schedule referenced in sub-paragraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor, shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notification of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual alloca-tion of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversation under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or greater, such cost shall be repaid as provided by applicable reclamation law. (C) Continue so long as the contractor pays 
applicable charges, consistent with section 9(c)(1) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. 
(4) C
ONDITIONS .—All contracts entered into 
pursuant to paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall— 
(A) not be adjusted on the basis of the type of 
prepayment financing used by the water users’ association; 
(B) conform to any other agreements, such as 
applicable settlement agreements and new con-structed appurtenant facilities; and 
(C) not modify other water service, repayment, 
exchange and transfer contractual rights be-tween the water users’ association, and the Bu-reau of Reclamation, or any rights, obligations, or relationships of the water users’ association and their landowners as provided under State law. 
(b) A
CCOUNTING .—The amounts paid pursuant 
to subsection (a) shall be subject to adjustment following a final cost allocation by the Sec-retary of the Interior. In the event that the final cost allocation indicates that the costs properly assignable to the contractor are greater than what has been paid by the contractor, the con-tractor shall be obligated to pay the remaining allocated costs. The term of such additional re-payment contract shall be not less than one year and not more than 10 years, however, mu-tually agreeable provisions regarding the rate of repayment of such amount may be developed by the parties. In the event that the final cost allo-cation indicates that the costs properly assign-able to the contractor are less than what the contractor has paid, the Secretary shall credit such overpayment as an offset against any out-standing or future obligation of the contractor. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
(1) E FFECT OF EXISTING LAW .—Upon a con-
tractor’s compliance with and discharge of the obligation of repayment of the construction costs pursuant to a contract entered into pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2)(A), subsections (a) and 
(b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) shall apply to affected lands. 
(2) E
FFECT OF OTHER OBLIGATIONS .—The obli-
gation of a contractor to repay construction costs or other capitalized costs described in sub-section (a)(2)(B), (a)(3)(B), or (b) shall not af-fect a contractor’s status as having repaid all of the construction costs assignable to the con-tractor or the applicability of subsections (a) and (b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) once the amount re-quired to be paid by the contractor under the re-payment contract entered into pursuant to sub-section (a)(2)(A) have been paid. 
(d) E
FFECT ON EXISTING LAWNOTALTERED .— 
Implementation of the provisions of this title shall not alter— 
(1) the repayment obligation of any water 
service or repayment contractor receiving water from the same water project, or shift any costs that would otherwise have been properly assign-able to the water users’ association identified in subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(3) absent this section, including operation and maintenance costs, construction costs, or other capitalized costs incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act, or to other contractors; and 
(2) specific requirements for the disposition of 
amounts received as repayments by the Sec-retary under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
(e) S
URFACE WATER STORAGE ENHANCEMENT  
PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (d)(2), three years following the date of enactment of this Act, 50 percent of receipts gen-erated from prepayment of contracts under this section beyond amounts necessary to cover the amount of receipts forgone from scheduled pay-ments under current law for the 10-year period following the date of enactment of this Act shall be directed to the Reclamation Surface Water Storage Account under paragraph (2). (2) S
URFACE STORAGE ACCOUNT .—The Sec-
retary shall allocate amounts collected under paragraph (1) into the ‘‘Reclamation Surface Storage Account’’ to fund the construction of surface water storage. The Secretary may also enter into cooperative agreements with water users’ associations for the construction of sur-face water storage and amounts within the Sur-face Storage Account may be used to fund such construction. Surface water storage projects that are otherwise not federally authorized shall not be considered Federal facilities as a result of any amounts allocated from the Surface Storage Account for part or all of such facilities. 
(3) R
EPAYMENT .—Amounts used for surface 
water storage construction from the Account shall be fully reimbursed to the Account con-sistent with the requirements under Federal rec-lamation law (the law (the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093))), and Acts supple-mental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) except that all funds reimbursed shall be deposited in the Account established under paragraph (2). 
(4) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-
posited in the Account under this subsection shall— 
(A) be made available in accordance with this 
section, subject to appropriation; and 
(B) be in addition to amounts appropriated for 
such purposes under any other provision of law. 
(5) P
URPOSES OF SURFACE WATER STORAGE .— 
Construction of surface water storage under this section shall be made for the following purposes: 
(A) Increased municipal and industrial water 
supply. 
(B) Agricultural floodwater, erosion, and sedi-
mentation reduction. 
(C) Agricultural drainage improvements. (D) Agricultural irrigation. (E) Increased recreation opportunities. (F) Reduced adverse impacts to fish and wild-
life from water storage or diversion projects within watersheds associated with water storage projects funded under this section. 
(G) Any other purposes consistent with rec-
lamation laws or other Federal law. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
title, the following definitions apply: 
(1) A CCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Account’’ means the 
Reclamation Surface Water Storage Account es-tablished under subsection (e)(2). 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘construction’’ 
means the designing, materials engineering and testing, surveying, and building of surface water storage including additions to existing surface water storage and construction of new surface water storage facilities, exclusive of any Federal statutory or regulatory obligations re-lating to any permit, review, approval, or other such requirement. 
(3) S
URFACE WATER STORAGE .—The term ‘‘sur-
face water storage’’ means any federally owned facility under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Reclamation or any non-Federal facility used for the surface storage and supply of water re-sources. 
(4) T
REASURY RATE .—The term ‘‘Treasury 
rate’’ means the 20-year Constant Maturity Treasury (CMT) rate published by the United States Department of the Treasury existing on the effective date of the contract. 
(5) W
ATER USERS ’ ASSOCIATION .—The term 
‘‘water users’ association’’ means— 
(A) an entity organized and recognized under 
State laws that is eligible to enter into contracts with reclamation to receive contract water for delivery to and users of the water and to pay applicable charges; and 
(B) includes a variety of entities with dif-
ferent names and differing functions, such as associations, conservatory district, irrigation district, municipality, and water project con-tract unit. 
TITLE X—SAFETY OF DAMS 
SEC. 1001. AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL 
PROJECT BENEFITS. 
The Reclamation Safety of Dams Act of 1978 is 
amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5271 July 16, 2015 
(1) in section 3, by striking ‘‘Construction’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 5B, construction’’; and 
(2) by inserting after section 5A (43 U.S.C. 509) 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5B. AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL 
PROJECT BENEFITS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 3, if the Secretary 
determines that additional project benefits, in-cluding but not limited to additional conserva-tion storage capacity, are feasible and not in-consistent with the purposes of this Act, the Secretary is authorized to develop additional project benefits through the construction of new or supplementary works on a project in conjunc-tion with the Secretary’s activities under section 2 of this Act and subject to the conditions de-scribed in the feasibility study, provided— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary determines that developing 
additional project benefits through the construc-tion of new or supplementary works on a project will promote more efficient management of water and water-related facilities; 
‘‘(2) the feasibility study pertaining to addi-
tional project benefits has been authorized pur-suant to section 8 of the Federal Water Project Recreation Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 4601–18); and 
‘‘(3) the costs associated with developing the 
additional project benefits are agreed to in writ-ing between the Secretary and project pro-ponents and shall be allocated to the authorized purposes of the structure and repaid consistent with all provisions of Federal Reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act.’’. 
TITLE XI—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTION 
SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Rights 
Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 1102. DEFINITION OF WATER RIGHT. 
In this title, the term ‘‘water right’’ means 
any surface or groundwater right filed, per-mitted, certified, confirmed, decreed, adju-dicated, or otherwise recognized by a judicial proceeding or by the State in which the user ac-quires possession of the water or puts the water to beneficial use, including water rights for fed-erally recognized Indian tribes. 
SEC. 1103. TREATMENT OF WATER RIGHTS. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-
retary of Agriculture shall not— 
(1) condition or withhold, in whole or in part, 
the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allot-ment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on— 
(A) limitation or encumbrance of any water 
right, or the transfer of any water right (includ-ing joint and sole ownership), directly or indi-rectly to the United States or any other des-ignee; or 
(B) any other impairment of any water right, 
in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recog-nized under State law, by Federal or State adju-dication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact; 
(2) require any water user (including any fed-
erally recognized Indian tribe) to apply for or acquire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or oc-cupancy agreement; 
(3) assert jurisdiction over groundwater with-
drawals or impacts on groundwater resources, unless jurisdiction is asserted, and any regu-latory or policy actions taken pursuant to such assertion are, consistent with, and impose no greater restrictions or regulatory requirements than, applicable State laws (including regula-tions) and policies governing the protection and use of groundwater resources; or 
(4) infringe on the rights and obligations of a 
State in evaluating, allocating, and adjudi-cating the waters of the State originating on or 
under, or flowing from, land owned or managed by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 1104. RECOGNITION OF STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out section 1103, 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall— 
(1) recognize the longstanding authority of 
the States relating to evaluating, protecting, al-locating, regulating, and adjudicating ground-water by any means, including a rulemaking, permitting, directive, water court adjudication, resource management planning, regional au-thority, or other policy; and 
(2) coordinate with the States in the adoption 
and implementation by the Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Agriculture of any rulemaking, policy, directive, management plan, or other similar Federal action so as to ensure that such actions are consistent with, and im-pose no greater restrictions or regulatory re-quirements than, State groundwater laws and programs. 
(b) E
FFECT ON STATE WATER RIGHTS .—In car-
rying out this title, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall not take any action that adversely affects— 
(1) any water rights granted by a State; (2) the authority of a State in adjudicating 
water rights; 
(3) definitions established by a State with re-
spect to the term ‘‘beneficial use’’, ‘‘priority of water rights’’, or ‘‘terms of use’’; 
(4) terms and conditions of groundwater with-
drawal, guidance and reporting procedures, and conservation and source protection measures es-tablished by a State; 
(5) the use of groundwater in accordance with 
State law; or 
(6) any other rights and obligations of a State 
established under State law. 
SEC. 1105. EFFECT OF TITLE. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this title limits or expands any existing le-gally recognized authority of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to issue, grant, or condition any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on Federal land subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, respectively. 
(b) E
FFECT ON RECLAMATION CONTRACTS .— 
Nothing in this title interferes with Bureau of Reclamation contracts entered into pursuant to the reclamation laws. 
(c) E
FFECT ON ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT.— 
Nothing in this title affects the implementation of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
(d) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL RESERVED WATER 
RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title limits or expands 
any existing or claimed reserved water rights of the Federal Government on land administered by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture. 
(e) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL POWER ACT.—Nothing 
in this title limits or expands authorities under sections 4(e), 10(j), or 18 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e), 803(j), 811). 
(f) E
FFECT ON INDIAN WATER RIGHTS .—Noth-
ing in this title limits or expands any water right or treaty right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–204. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division 
of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In the table of contents, in the matter re-
garding section 204, strike ‘‘calfed’’ and in-sert ‘‘CALFED’’. 
Page 155, line 19, strike ‘‘All repayment 
contracts’’ and insert ‘‘Except for those re-payment contracts under which the con-tractor has previously negotiated for prepay-ment, all repayment contracts’’. 
Page 157, line 11, strike ‘‘The following’’ 
and insert ‘‘Except for those repayment con-tracts under which the contractor has pre-viously negotiated for prepayment, the fol-lowing’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment makes one technical change to the bill by capitalizing an acronym in the table of contents and makes one clarifying change to title IX by ensuring that those who have al-ready negotiated prepayments of their debt to the U.S. Treasury are not im-pacted by provisions in that title. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. HUFFMAN. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
who has the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California (Mr. M CCLINTOCK ) has 
the right to close. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
again, I do not oppose this technical amendment to the bill, but I do want to point out that fixing typos and re-alphabetizing indexes and other tech-nical changes do not fix the much deep-er problems with this bill and do not change the reality that it is not going to become law because it has deep sub-stantive problems that need to be ad-dressed. 
That is why it is so widely opposed, 
as it has been in prior years, when es-sentially the same bill has been run through on party lines. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Fresno, California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5272 July 16, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, while this amendment 
does make technical changes that were agreed upon in committee, it speaks to, I think, a much larger question, which is the debate we have been having here, and that is: Is this, in fact, a work in progress? I submit that it is. 
Obviously, this legislation would not 
be signed into law under its current form, and I think many of those who are supporting the legislation under-stand that; but we understand that, in fact, there is a crisis, a drought affect-ing every region of California. 
For those of us who feel very strong-
ly about trying to maintain a strong agricultural economy, we know we have to work together. The fact is Cali-fornia produces half—half—of the Na-tion’s fruits and vegetables, and these are 300 commodities that are so impor-tant to not only America’s food supply but to a good healthy diet and to en-sure that, in fact, we can compete around the world as it relates to ensur-ing that America remains independent in producing its own food. 
There is a lot at stake here. We need 
to work together as this process goes along. We will have serious areas of disagreement, but that doesn’t mean we can’t continue to work together. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close when the gen-tleman is finished. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
again, we don’t oppose this technical amendment, but we wish that there were substantive amendments that might address some of the deep flaws that have prevented this bill from hav-ing any chance of becoming law in prior years and will again this year. 
I will just close by quoting from the 
Los Angeles Times. It states: 
A competing Democratic bill, H.R. 2983 by 
Representative Jared Huffman, has some areas of overlap. Like the Valadao bill, it reasonably calls on the Federal Government to accelerate feasibility studies for a number of proposed dams that have been stuck for years in the planning phase. Republicans, of course, have faith that the dams will pencil out and will be funded. Many Democrats are convinced that the yield numbers—the amount of additional water that would be stored and the associated dollar cost—would be so paltry as to finally put an end to the discussion. 
In other areas, though, the Huffman bill is 
starkly different and, frankly, much smart-er, focusing on updating Federal water poli-cies and practices that today are firmly root-ed in outdated, mid-20th century knowledge and technology. 
There is a lot we could be working on 
together substantively. We certainly have no problem with the technical changes here, but it is high time that we have hearings and serious delibera-tions and discussions about substance. If we do that, we might just find that 
there are some common solutions that could become law. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply remind my colleague that, in the 112th Congress, this bill went through one of the most exhaus-tive public processes of any bill heard by Congress. Its genesis was in two public hearings 
in the Central Valley in 2010 and 2011. It was vetted through not one, but two public hearings in Washington in which minority Democrats called twice as many witnesses as majority Repub-licans. 
On the House floor, every Democratic 
amendment was made in order and con-sidered. In fact, over the past 5 years, we have held 18 hearings on various versions of this bill. We consulted 60 water agencies throughout northern and central California, including many in Democratic districts. 
The bill was taken up again in the 
113th Congress and redebated. This time, extensive negotiations took place between House and Senate Members. The fact is there are few issues in this Congress that have been more thor-oughly debated than those encom-passed in this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 39, line 10, after ‘‘water weed,’’ insert 
‘‘water hyacinth,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment is simple and straight-forward but addresses a critical issue affecting the economy, the environ-ment, and the health of the delta as well as other regions throughout the State. 
This amendment adds water hyacinth 
to the list of invasive species to be con-sidered for a pilot project established by the bill. The water hyacinth is an extremely invasive weed that has taken over the delta. 
Take a look at the picture. This 
channel is completely blocked over by the weed. It can double in size every 10 days. It has seeds that remain buried in sediment and remain viable for 20 years. It is difficult to remove me-chanically and to manage through pes-ticides. 
The result is what you see here in 
this picture. It clogs waterways, pre-venting the movement of water through the delta. It negatively affects farmers, recreational opportunities, and disrupts the national ecosystem. These effects have only been worsened by the drought. 
I represent the Port of Stockton. 
This is the third largest inland port in the Nation. The hyacinth affects traffic 
in and out of the port, preventing navi-gation of the channels at night because of ships that can’t navigate between the weeds, the levees, and smaller ves-sels. 
This causes unreasonable delays and 
costs importers approximately $200,000 in additional expenses per year. Last year alone, the port had to remove more than 2 million tons of the plants. Even Stockton’s Christmas lighted boat parade had to be canceled for the first time in its 35-year history. 
Eradicating this invasive species will 
take a holistic approach, involving stakeholders at all levels. I have heard from the marina owners, farmers, envi-ronmental organizations, and local communities on how the water hya-cinth continues to impact their lives on a daily basis. 
I was fortunate enough to help secure 
$1 million in Federal funding to help an existing effort between Federal, State, and local partners focused on managing the water hyacinth infestation, but these efforts are just the beginning. This amendment ensures that we con-tinue building off the current work. 
I would like to thank my colleagues, 
Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mr. C OSTA , for joining me on this 
amendment. I urge its adoption. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. G ARAMENDI ), my 
colleague. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague from the delta. 
This is but one small example of 
what we ought to be doing, and that is working together to solve very, very complex problems. Unfortunately, the underlying legislation really is not the result of the kind of interaction that is necessary. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY and I represent the 
delta. That delta is as large as the Westlands Water District, and it also happens to be the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemi-sphere from Alaska to Chile. It is abso-lutely an essential element in the envi-ronment of the entire West Coast of the United States; yet the underlying legislation ignores the fact that those of us who represent this area have been no part of the legislation. 
If we work together, we can solve 
problems such as water hyacinth and the next amendment, which I will be taking up. I want to commend Mr. M
CNERNEY for putting forth this 
amendment and hopefully beginning the interaction necessary to develop a proper water bill for all California. 
b1045 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) for offering this 
amendment. 
Water hyacinth is a significant prob-
lem that has impacted the operations of both the Central Valley water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.020 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5273 July 16, 2015 
project as well as the State Water 
Project. 
This year, as a result of water hya-
cinth infestation, pumping at the Jones Pumping Plant was reduced sig-nificantly for periods of time that re-sulted in the loss of water. Local water contractors responded in a collabo-rative manner to help remove that in-festation that we see there, over 89,000 cubic yards of hyacinth at a cost of al-most $2 million to remove it to try to get the operations to continue. 
Luckily, the capacity at the State 
pump, Banks pump, provided an oppor-tunity to make up the difference. How-ever, we may not be so lucky in the fu-ture. 
So I want to support this amend-
ment. It impacts not just cities, boat-ers, and recreationalists, but farmers and the entire region. This is a good amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to this amendment, al-though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I, too, 
represent San Joaquin County, along with Representative M
CNERNEY , and 
believe that this is a solution to a big problem that we share within the delta. 
This native species is something that 
needs to be managed and is a welcome amendment to this bill. This amend-ment rightly focuses on the invasive plant that can have devastating im-pacts on fish and other organisms in the delta. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 48, after line 19, insert the following: 
(4) collaborate with the California Depart-
ment of Water Resources to install a fish screen at the Delta Cross Channel Gates in coordination with operations to protect mi-grating smelt and salmonids; 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment, like the previous amendment, is simple but very impor-
tant. 
We heard the discussion from Mr. 
M
CNERNEY and supporters of his 
amendment about the water hyacinth and the endangered species that have plagued not just the California delta, but other parts of the West. 
It is important. This amendment is 
also a small but important amend-ment. It deals with a way of providing a fish screen on the Delta Cross Chan-nel, a very important element in the California water system. Why this hasn’t been done before, I don’t know. 
I live within a mile of the Delta Cross 
Channel, and I have often wondered why the agencies have not pursued a fish screen. They have to close the channel gates when the fish are in the river, thereby providing less water through the delta. So this would sim-ply move it along. 
These two amendments are an exam-
ple of what we ought to be doing. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY and I represent the 
delta, which is 700,000 acres, equal in size to the area that is the principal proponent of the underlying legisla-tion, that is the Westlands Water Dis-trict. Both are important and critical agriculture areas, both of which need water. 
The underlying legislation ignores 
the environmental needs and the agri-cultural needs of the delta, and in a very complex way provides a mecha-nism to take water out of the delta without regard to either the environ-mental or the agricultural or the com-munity needs in the area. 
It is not going to pass. It should 
never become law. It is an example of how not to solve California water prob-lems. The way you solve California water problems are with amendments such as Mr. M
CNERNEY ’s or this amend-
ment that I am putting forth and seri-ous discussions between those of us who represent the delta. 
I would also like to point out to my 
colleagues who are proponents of this bill that I represent 200 miles of the Sacramento River, from the very end of it—that is at San Francisco Bay—to an area 199.6 miles upriver, including virtually all of the rice industry of California, of which there are some 600,000 acres, and nearly half of that acreage is fallow this year. 
So the drought isn’t just about the 
impact on the San Joaquin Valley sys-tem, of which we have heard much de-bate this morning. It is also about the Sacramento Valley north of the delta, where the drought has had a major im-pact. 
California needs to work together in 
the immediate situation, which it is actually doing. The Federal and State governments’ water policy through the Department of the Interior and the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Fish and Wildlife Agency—both the State and Federal Government have done yeo-man’s work, extraordinary work, stretching the water supplies of Cali-fornia. This bill would override that ef-fort and make it impossible for them to 
continue. 
God help us if the drought goes an-
other year—it could—in which case this bill, if it would become law, all that has been done in California over this last 3 years to stretch the water supplies would be pushed aside. 
We shouldn’t do it that way. We 
should be working together. Mr. H
UFFMAN has a good piece of legisla-
tion that has already achieved state-wide support from water contractors, from those who understand the intrica-cies of this system. We can do it if we sat down together. And that has not happened. 
For those of us who represent the 
delta and north of the delta, we find this to be objectionable and we find it to be rather foolish. There is a middle ground. But don’t, as this bill does, push aside the environmental laws, which are the only protections for the largest estuary system on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. Don’t do that. 
Why would you destroy the salmon 
fisheries? Why would you destroy 700,000 acres and the water supplies for the Bay area? You shouldn’t do that. You don’t need to do that. 
There are rational and reasonable 
ways to solve the California water problem. Some of it is in this bill. The storage systems are good, well done, but don’t do that in a way that pushes aside the environmental protections that provide the balance not just for the environment, but for the commu-nities that are affected. Don’t do that. We can work together. Just give us a chance to do so, which you have not thus far done. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from California talks about a bill that he is not willing to support, but yet he wants to amend a bill that he says is going nowhere. 
The truth is the bill is going some-
where. This bill is going to move off this floor and move into the Senate. It is time for the Senate to show some ac-tion. It is time for the two bodies to ac-tually do what they are supposed to do and work together to find a solution for California. 
To do nothing is criminal. To do 
nothing will put farms out of business, will create much higher unemployment than seen anywhere else in the coun-try, and will devastate a food supply that feeds the rest of the Nation and much of the world. 
Now this amendment in particular 
has some problems. In conversations with the Bureau of Reclamation, they have not asked for this project and they have no money identified for the project. I am unaware of the State of California’s position as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.023 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5274 July 16, 2015 
Fish screens are hugely expensive 
projects. They are subject to destruc-tion under high flow events due to de-bris and restrict recreation. 
I am concerned that this project is 
not even feasible. What this project aims to do is make sure that water is not transferred south of the delta. What many of my friends forget is, as I represent San Joaquin County, Moun-tain House, a community—not just farmland—that gets a zero allocation, is south of the delta. It actually ex-ports water. So does Tracy, Manteca, Ripon, Escalon, areas in San Joaquin that I represent that are south of the delta. 
This is not an us against them fight. 
This is a fight for the survival of Cali-fornia. And it is not just about an emergency transfer of water. It is about the future of California. Do we want to have enough water for all of our residents? Do we want our number one industry, agriculture, to be a vi-brant industry? 
We have the opportunity to have 
greater storage. And we ought to have some commonsense solutions in the process. You talk about wanting to save fish? Why not get rid of the pred-ator fish, or at least go out and harvest some of them so they are not eating 98 percent of the fish that you say you are trying to help? 
There are commonsense solutions in 
here that will allow us to have greater flexibility, greater storage, and a bet-ter plan for the future of California. We should not be wasting water and just allowing freshwater to get pushed arbi-trarily out to the ocean. 
This is sound environmental policy 
that will help us in the future and gives us a negotiating point with the Senate, Republicans and Democrats ac-tually working together, for a solution that helps us in California. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 65, strike lines 1 through 6 and insert 
the following (and redesignate the subse-quent provisions accordingly): 
(2) complete the feasibility study described 
in clause (i)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Pub-lic Law 108-361 and submit such study to the 
appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2016; 
(3) complete a publicly available draft of 
the feasibility study described in clause (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108-361 and submit such study to the appro-priate committees of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than Novem-ber 30, 2016; 
(4) complete the feasibility study described 
in clause (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Pub-lic Law 108-361 and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2017; 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to offer this amendment with my neighbor to the north, Mr. W
ALDEN , 
which will protect due process for water contractors of the Bureau of Reclamation-operated Klamath Project in California and Oregon. 
The amendment confers applicant 
status on these contractors, ensuring that they are included in Endangered Species Act consultations that could affect operations of the water projects they rely upon. Applicant status also ensures that information and alter-native actions provided by the contrac-tors must be considered when the Bu-reau considers ESA-related operational changes. 
While the Bureau has, in its own 
words, treated the contractors in a manner similar to applicants since the 1990s, and local Indian tribes have in-vited contractors to provide informa-tion, the Bureau has not granted them the protections and inputs the full ap-plicant status would provide, which is why we need the bill. 
H.R. 2898 already provides applicant 
status for the federally operated Cen-
tral Valley Project in California. 
Mr. DENHAM. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. L
AMALFA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. I believe the gen-
tleman has two amendments today. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Yes. This first 
amendment is on the Klamath Project. 
Are the amendments out of order? 
They are out of numerical order. 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amend-
ment on the Sites Reservoir. This helps complete a surface water storage project feasibility study by aligning the bill’s language with the MOU re-cently signed by the Bureau of Rec-lamation and project stakeholders. 
b1100 
Sites Reservoir has been studied for 
decades, but stakeholders recently agreed to help fund the study’s comple-tion. Last year, California’s voters au-thorized billions in funding for projects like Sites, but the State cannot deter-mine which projects to invest in until the feasibility studies are complete. This is a key project to help the 
State prepare for future droughts, and the State Department of Water Re-sources found that it would generate an additional 900,000 acre-feet of water during drought years. That is enough for 7.2 million people per year. 
This noncontroversial amendment 
helps to allow Californians to invest in their own water infrastructure, which is a laudable goal that I think we should all support. 
I have been pleased to sponsor a bill 
with my colleague, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , 
aimed at advancing this project, and I hope I will have your support today on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, though I am not opposed to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to my distinguished colleague from Fresno, California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chairman, as my colleague men-
tioned, this amendment updates the bill to be consistent with the memo-randum of understanding between the Bureau of Reclamation and the Sites Joint Powers Authority. 
As has been noted by speakers on 
both sides, California last year came together, in a bipartisan, over-whelming way, to provide $7.5 billion for improving our water system to pro-vide more funding for the tools in our water toolbox to provide greater reli-ability throughout California; $2.7 bil-lion of that water bond measure was set aside for water storage projects. This is one of the projects that can par-ticipate in that funding. 
I support this effort because in-
creased storage capacity—both surface, as well as groundwater recharge—is ab-solutely necessary to provide the addi-tional resiliency and reliability in Cali-fornia’s water system. 
I support the construction of Sites 
Reservoir, working in conjunction with increasing the supply of Shasta Res-ervoir, by increasing that dam, would provide additional water supply, as well as Temperance Flat, as well as the expansion of Los Vaqueros, which is underway by the Contra Costa Water District, as well as the expansion of San Luis Reservoir, which is allowed for in this legislation, as well as in-creased groundwater banking. All of these are part of the solution. 
We must expand the storage in the 
State to reduce the impacts of future droughts and the population growth; therefore, I support this amendment. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, again, 
this is a technical measure to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.025 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5275 July 16, 2015 
align the language in H.R. 2898 with the 
MOU, memorandum of understanding, that the Bureau of Reclamation has put forward so that we can expedite the studies for the Sites Reservoir project, one that we have needed for a long, long time and will be very helpful to-wards water solutions for California. 
I ask for the support of this very sim-
ple technical measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment simply aligns the bill with the recently signed MOU with the Bu-reau of Reclamation regarding these studies. We do not oppose it. It is con-sistent with an earlier policy rider added to the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill. 
Contrary to some of the things we 
have heard in this debate, I and other Democrats are not standing in the way of these storage studies. The delta smelt and the environmental laws are not standing in the way of these stor-age studies. 
In fact, my own drought bill, H.R. 
2983, provides crucial funding and di-rection to the Bureau of Reclamation to finish CALFED feasibility studies that have the financing possible to be completed within the next 10 years. 
We do support finishing these stud-
ies. Now, some of these projects may pencil out, but I think it has become clear over the many, many years these studies have languished that some of these projects have turned into zombie 
reservoirs which won’t go away be-cause project proponents have never been forced to fully account for how their financing will actually work. 
Many of these projects will not pencil 
out, but it is high time that we com-plete the studies, face the reality, and get the information so that we can move on with real water solutions. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 81, line 3, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘2’’. 
Page 81, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 81, line 15, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 81, after line 15, insert the following: 
‘‘(vi) 1 member shall be a representative of 
a wildlife entity that primarily focuses on waterfowl.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, in H.R. 2898, we estab-
lish an oversight board for the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund. 
What my amendment does is simple. 
It adds an additional conservation seat to the 11-member board, which will provide parity between the environ-mental and user group interests. 
The advisory board reflects the inter-
ests of agriculture, municipal and in-dustrial users, power contractors, wild-life refuges, in addition to the eco-nomic impacts of water operations, so that the Secretary of the Interior will receive recommendations that encom-pass a broad perspective. 
The reason for my amendment is also 
simple, to ensure that a more balanced and effective approach is being taken as the Secretary of the Interior prioritizes spending levels on projects and programs carried out through the restoration fund. 
Again, in closing, my amendment 
strikes a better balance between con-servation and user groups interests on the 11-member board and will help to ensure that the annual surcharges water and power users contribute will be spent on the most effective methods in habitat restoration and environ-mental mitigation. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Wyoming. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, we 
support the amendment and commend the author for offering it. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I, too, 
commend the author for his concern about waterfowl and wildlife. This amendment, by itself, is not harmful, but it is important to acknowledge that it doesn’t come close to curing the problems with this bill that are, in fact, very harmful to fish and wildlife. 
The gentleman’s amendment seeks to 
provide cover in some ways to pro-ponents of this bill who are now com-ing under fire from the California Wa-terfowl Association and other sports-men’s groups because this bill hurts migratory birds and other wildlife and waterfowl. 
The California Waterfowl Association 
is on record opposing this bill because: ‘‘It would eliminate water supplies for California migratory waterfowl and other wetlands-dependent species.’’ 
Other sportsmen’s groups also op-
pose. Trout Unlimited has spoken out against the bill because it would weak-en protections for steelhead and salm-on. While I do not oppose this bill, it is 
important not to suggest that this bill is somehow good for or supported by hunters or sportsmen’s groups. It is not. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
distinguished gentleman from Fresno, California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a very legiti-
mate concern that my colleagues are dealing with in terms of how funds are being spent by the restoration pro-grams and how we provide support for the efforts to provide more account-ability and improve the transparency of the expenditures of the fund. 
I appreciate and support my col-
league’s amendment to improve the makeup of the advisory board, which I think is important. However, I think that adding one more waterfowl rep-resentative needs to be done to try to provide additional balance in terms of the representation of the various inter-ests on the board. 
Let me finally say I represent Grass-
lands, a large part of Grasslands dis-trict, which is the largest part of the Pacific Flyway in terms of almost 200,000 acres of contiguous wetlands, and they have raised some issues as re-lates to this legislation, and we are going to work those out because, in fact, that is a very important part of the Pacific Flyway. 
In addition to that, the flexibility 
that we create in the underlying bill really is, in part, to ensure that we do provide water, even the limited water available, so that we can maintain this important habitat. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank my col-
leagues for supporting this amend-ment. It is a simple amendment. This is a process, as my friend from Cali-fornia has mentioned. After we move this bill forward today, we will have the opportunity, hopefully, to con-ference with the Senate. Hopefully, they can pass a bill in the Senate, and we can do something good for the State of California. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise for 
an amendment that is before the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 92, after line 19, insert the following: 
SEC. 611. REPORT ON RESULTS OF WATER 
USAGE. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Natural Resources of the State of California, shall publish an annual report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.028 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5276 July 16, 2015 
detailing instream flow releases from the 
Central Valley Project and California State Water Project, their explicit purpose and au-thority, and all measured environmental benefit as a result of the releases. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, and the rank-
ing member, since the early 1990s, the Federal and State lawmakers and regu-lators have made a number of policy 
choices to implement the Endangered Species Act and Clean Water Act and the Central Valley Project Improve-ment Act. All of these have had good intentions. 
From the Trinity River, to the Shas-
ta Reservoir, to the San Francisco Bay Delta, and up to the San Joaquin River, about 3.5 million acre-feet of Central Valley Project and California State Water Project have been as a re-sult of those acts rededicated for envi-ronmental management purposes. 
The Central Valley Project Improve-
ment Act alone, since its enactment, has resulted in over 17 million acre-feet of water being reprioritized for dif-ferent needs and for different purposes. 
It is important to note that this 
doesn’t mean that the water, in reprioritization, doesn’t continue to serve multiple purposes within the sys-tem because it does; but it does mean that the use has been prioritized so that, in fact, it must meet environ-mental objectives over that of human needs, which are a distant second to the environmental uses of this water as a result of the passage of those pre-vious acts. 
These changes, I believe, have 
harmed a large number of Californians, including those from small, rural, and often disadvantaged communities that I represent, as well as to the larger areas that are dependent upon this water supply, whether we talk about Santa Clara in Silicon Valley or Los Angeles, in the metropolitan water dis-trict. 
Approximately 25 million people and 
7 of the Nation’s top 10 agricultural counties have seen their water supply diminish and their water cost escalate over the last 20 years; that is a fact, and as my colleagues say, facts are hard to dispute. The increased cost has been there, and the reduction of the water supply is, in fact, a result of this. 
Many of the farmers I serve have 
seen their water supplies diminish to 40 percent—40 percent—of their long-term average and have received no surface water—no surface water—for the last 2 years. 
Communities that I have represented 
have had their drinking wells go dry, leaving entire towns without a water supply for drinking or bathing. These are incredibly harmful impacts to a very simple question. 
We ought to know the benefits. Has 
society benefited from the policy changes to dedicate the water for these 
important environmental purposes, like preventing the extinction of spe-cies, which none of us want to do? 
The answer, I am sad to say, is it 
seems to have had not the impact that was intended because the species con-tinue to decline. 
Unfortunately, though, notwith-
standing efforts within the Federal agencies, the State agencies, and the National Academy of Sciences, we don’t really know. We don’t really know because we don’t have an accu-rate reporting or accounting of how end-stream flows are used and what benefit is expected to be achieved by them and whether the benefit was achieved by those flows. 
b1115 
I would certainly feel a little better 
knowing that we are increasing the species, the salmonoid in California, notwithstanding the loss of water. In fact, the salmonoid have continued to decline. 
The dedication of millions of acre- 
feet of water and the expenditure of billions of dollars has resulted in a water supply situation that has never been worse for all of California. Like-wise, the condition of the species to which we have dedicated so much has never been so much at risk. 
The latest delta smelt population 
index is zero, and the status of pro-tected salmon is in serious doubt. While the extinction of these species isn’t probable, given the hatchery- based fish populations, the potential loss of wild populations is of grave con-cern to all of us. 
One thing that the drought has 
achieved to make operational prior-ities of the project abundantly clear is that the first priority of the projects, besides this cosharing, is flood control. God, I would pray that it would flood in California. I would love to have what they are having in Texas. 
The second priority is followed by 
salmon temperature management, which is very problematic right now as a result of this drought. This is fol-lowed by protecting the bay-delta water quality—people ought to have good water quality; I want my friends in the bay area to drink good, fresh water—and, finally, any possible deliv-eries to the communities for the refuge wildlife, which I spoke to a moment ago, that includes grasslands and other refuges, as well as our farms, our farms that produce the food. 
I am introducing this amendment to 
create at least some accountability and transparency in the environmental management efforts underway so that we can better understand and so we can measure what is working and what isn’t working. That is why this amend-ment is important. 
I ask that it be adopted for all the 
reasons that I have stated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, I have an-
other amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 92, line 20, insert the following new 
section: 
SEC. 611. KLAMATH PROJECT CONSULTATION AP-
PLICANTS. 
If the Bureau of Reclamation initiates or 
reinitiates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Klamath Project (or any part thereof), Klamath Project contractors shall be accorded all the rights and respon-sibilities extended to applicants in the con-sultation process. Upon request of the Klam-ath Project contractors, they may be rep-resented through an association or organiza-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this is 
the much anticipated amendment hav-ing to do with the Klamath project that I am offering with my neighbor, Mr. W
ALDEN , from the north side of the 
border. 
The amendment again confers appli-
cant status on those contractors that are involved in the Klamath project, ensuring that they are included in the Endangered Species Act consultations that could affect operations of the water project they rely upon. 
Applicant status also ensures that in-
formation and alternative actions pro-vided by the contractors must be con-sidered when the Bureau considers ESA-related operational changes. 
While the Bureau has, in its words, 
treated the contractors ‘‘in a manner similar to applicants’’ since the 1990s and local tribes have invited contrac-tors to provide information, the Bu-reau has not granted them the protec-tions and input that the full applicant status would provide. 
H.R. 2898 already provides applicant 
status for the federally operated Cen-tral Valley Project in California, and this simply ensures that all Federal water contractors in the region receive equal legal protections. 
I yield to the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. W
ALDEN ). 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for yielding and for working 
with me on this amendment as well, which will assist our Klamath project farmers in the Klamath Basin. 
As you pointed out, there is a long 
history of water issues in this basin and there is much work to be done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.011 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5277 July 16, 2015 
Frankly, a basin-wide, long-term solu-
tion is what is most needed. While we are working toward that solution, these issues remain. 
In the interim, it is critical that we 
pass this amendment to simply for-malize the rule of the Klamath project irrigators by giving them applicant status for ESA consultations. 
The Klamath project contractors 
have existing contracts with the Bu-reau of Reclamation, and they are di-rectly affected by Reclamation’s con-sultation with the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service. 
In recent years, as you mentioned, 
the Klamath project contractors have provided input to the section 7 con-sultations through the invitation of the Klamath tribes. I would like to thank the Klamath tribes and espe-cially Klamath Tribal Chairman Don Gentry for working with the project contractors through this process. 
So passing this amendment would 
only formalize the practice that has al-ready been occurring and ensure the project contractors could continue this process in the future. 
To legislatively designate the project 
contractors as having the role of appli-cants would not change the substantive obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion under the ESA or the obligations of the wildlife agencies to prepare bio-logical opinions. 
So I would ask my colleagues to join 
us in formalizing a process that has been sort of informal along the way, but inconsistent at times, and give the consistency there that is important to continue the discussions that are un-derway in the basin. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I am the 
other neighbor on this Klamath-Trin-ity water system. I didn’t have the ben-efit of working with my colleagues on this legislation. 
My hope, as we go forward, is that we 
could be a little more neighborly and try to talk with each other and work together on this system that affects our mutual constituents. 
Mr. Chair, as if the underlying bill, 
which includes numerous assaults on the Endangered Species Act, is not bad enough, unfortunately, this is an amendment that would make it even worse. 
It plays favorites among stake-
holders, elevating agriculture above all else at the expense of the environment and other cultural and economic inter-ests. 
As if the Klamath water contractors 
don’t have things good enough with taxpayer-subsidized water and zero-in-terest loans, this amendment seeks to give them special status and signifi-cantly more leverage during the En-dangered Species Act consultation process. As long as the project is in place, the 
Bureau of Reclamation has a duty to manage it for the benefit of all stake-
holders. That is important. 
The interests of the water contrac-
tors are certainly no more legitimate than those of the Klamath tribes for whom endangered fish are part of their cultural heritage, nor are they more important than the interests of com-mercial and recreational fishermen, who generate hundreds of millions of dollars for the economy and continue to wait patiently for the restoration of fish stocks vital to their livelihoods. 
In addition to being a bad deal for 
tribes and fishermen, this amendment is yet another attempt by House Re-publicans to drive the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
Let’s be honest. Giving agricultural 
interests privileged status in ‘‘helping’’ to determine the fate of endangered coho salmon and endangered Lost River and shortnose suckers is nothing short of a death sentence for those spe-cies. 
It is past time for my colleagues 
across the aisle to stop blaming the Endangered Species Act for all of their ills. Fish did not cause the drought, and killing them will not make it go away. 
The better solution is to make water 
use more sustainable for Californians and the environment that they cherish. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chair, it is a lit-
tle harder to be neighborly when the facts get twisted around and the intent of the bill is misconstrued. 
Indeed, this has been a collaborative 
process with the Bureau, the tribes in-viting information from those stake-holders that are the water contractors. 
This would simply confer a status 
upon them that would make them fully at the table as an applicant. It doesn’t do anything to change the allocation or any other factor of those water con-tractors or give them any favorite sta-tus. 
I yield to the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. W
ALDEN ). 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I would just 
say, as somebody who has been in-volved in these issues going back to 1999, I have worked with the tribes. I have worked with irrigators to prove fish passage and to help improve fish health. 
So I really take offense to the kind of 
language you are using here on the floor because we have done a lot of good to put fish screens in, to help im-prove the survivability of the suckers, to put more water aside. We have done a lot of good things. 
So I welcome you to this House, and 
I welcome you to work with us on these issues, but I have to tell you it is a lit-tle offensive in your comments. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Will the gentleman 
yield for a question? 
Mr. L
AMALFA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. We could start work-
ing together on the Klamath restora-tion settlement and, moving forward, 
that legislation. 
I hope that we can begin to talk to-
gether. We have legitimate interests on both sides of the State border and at both ends of this important watershed. 
Mr. WALDEN. If the gentleman will 
yield, I am just saying there is a better way to have this discussion than hurl-ing the kind of language you are hurl-ing around, because a lot of us have worked, both sides, bipartisan, and a lot of work. I open the door to have those conversations with you as well. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair re-
minds the gentleman from Oregon that the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) controls the time. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chair, the ESA 
requires us to use the best available science and information and have all the stakeholders able to be at the table, such as having full applicant sta-tus, for the Klamath water users. 
Having them as an applicant just 
gets more information and more input from everybody that might be affected by possible ESA decisions. 
We would love to work in a collabo-
rative, neighborly process around here. When the rhetoric flies so much that accuses us, accuses that water users up there a long time, that have had a promise made to them by the Federal Government of being something other than what they are, it does make it dif-ficult. And it is the kind of thing that the American people, as they view the operations on TV, really get tired of. 
So I would be one that would love to 
cooperate and get a result. But on this amendment here, we need this help for those contractors to have a fair seat at the table. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 162, line 5, strike ‘‘into the’’ and all 
that follows through line 15, and insert ‘‘for projects that reclaim and reuse wastewaters.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.035 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5278 July 16, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, before I 
speak to my amendment, I want to ac-knowledge the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) for her input 
on this amendment and for her long ad-vocacy for water reuse, recycling, and conservation, and for emphasizing that we need a near-term water-creation strategy, along with a long-term sus-tainable strategy. H.R. 2898 is not that long-term sustainable strategy. 
Californians and others across the 
west need drought relief now. The pro-ponents of this legislation know that it will not provide that immediate relief. They also know their bill will never be-come law. 
So why are we here today, wasting 
everybody’s time? It is simply because House Republicans are not going to miss an opportunity to attack the En-dangered Species Act and the National Environmental Policy Act. 
The allegation that environmental 
laws have restricted dam construction is patently false. In fact, it was Presi-dent Reagan who first sought to help curb the deficit by turning off the tap of easy Federal money that had funded multi-billion-dollar boondoggles and pork barrel dam projects. 
Building new dams takes forever be-
cause it doesn’t make economic sense without heavy government subsidies. Instead of flushing taxpayers’ dollars, we should be investing in projects that recycle wastewater, create reuse, and provide immediate water supplies. 
Eight-seven percent of California’s 
wastewater, hundreds of billions of gal-lons of water that could supply the needs of agriculture and people, is lost to the Pacific Ocean each year because we do not have enough water recycling projects in place. This is literally an ocean of missed opportunity. 
b1130 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment cre-
ates new water for the people of Cali-fornia. If Republicans were serious about solving this drought problem, they would have written a bill that cre-ates new water. Sadly, they have not. Instead, they have written a bill that uses a very real crisis to attack the ESA and NEPA. 
This bill insults people who are suf-
fering through this historic drought, and it is just the latest example of House Republicans blocking public par-ticipation in government and driving the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
I agree with my colleagues; this is a 
manmade drought. It is manmade be-cause we are not conserving and recy-cling water that we have and because we are wasting time on this bill instead of planning to increase water supplies in the short term and in long-term sus-tainable strategies. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Wyoming is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
said earlier this is a time of choosing between two very different visions. The Democrats offer us a vision of scarcity and astronomical water prices. We have been trying it their way—it doesn’t end well. Our bill serves a dif-ferent vision of abundant water and hydroelectricity at affordable prices— and the prosperity and the quality of life that means for every American. 
Water is plentiful, but it is unevenly 
distributed over time. We build res-ervoirs to store water in wet years so that we have it in dry ones. We stopped building major reservoirs over 1 mil-lion acre-feet 40 years ago because of policies imposed on us by the very same voices that we now hear raised against this bill. The Sacramento River is bigger than the Colorado, yet we store 70 million acre-feet on the Colorado and only 10 million acre-feet on the Sacramento. 
We will not solve our water shortage 
until we build more dams. That is what our bill does. 
This amendment would scrap this vi-
sion of abundance for more of the same—not more water, only more con-servation, more recycling, and more doing with less. Conservation is impor-tant in a drought, but conservation is the management of a shortage. Man-aging a shortage does not solve a short-age. Only abundance can do that. 
Mr. Chairman, when we confuse con-
servation with supply, as these voices from the left always do, in a real drought, we discover that we have al-ready played that card and we no longer have it available to stretch sup-plies in an emergency. 
Mr. Chairman, new dams not only 
mean more abundant water for the West; they provide clean, cheap, and reliable hydroelectricity. They provide flood control to protect regions that would otherwise be inundated and un-inhabitable. They assure year-round flows of water to riparian habitats that would otherwise be desiccated in drought and devastated by flood. All of these benefits would be sacrificed on the altar of the environmental left by this amendment. 
Supply or shortage, that is the ques-
tion. This bill opens up a new era of supply. This amendment takes us fur-ther down the road of coping with shortage not as a temporary stopgap, but as a way of life. 
Well, we have had a taste of that way 
of life. We have watched our lawns turn brown. We have watched our water bills skyrocket. We have watched busi-nesses shut down. We have watched thousands of farmworkers thrown out of work. We have seen food lines in the fertile agricultural region of the West. We have had enough. 
Mr. Chairman, we seek a new future 
where water and hydroelectricity are abundant and inexpensive, where jobs are plentiful, where grocery shelves are 
full, where water police are not knock-ing on the door because we have taken too long in the shower, and where our lawns and gardens are green again. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, the Los Angeles 
Times had an article entitled, ‘‘Edi-torial: GOP Water Bill in Congress Should Be Rejected.’’ It compared the two pieces of legislation, J
ARED  
HUFFMAN ’s H.R. 2983 and the bill that is 
on the floor today, H.R. 2898. The con-clusion was that we needed a common-sense, comprehensive approach. 
The article says, ‘‘the Huffman bill is 
starkly different and frankly much smarter, focusing on updating Federal water policies and practices that today are firmly rooted in outdated, mid-20th century knowledge and technology.’’ 
It is a comprehensive approach that 
my side of the aisle seeks, and this leg-islation before us today does nothing. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to speak to an-
other important aspect of the legisla-tion, which is the issue of relief. Pro-viding a near-term relief, I think, is es-sential—that is not to stall a long-term solution, but to provide the relief that everybody has talked about that Cali-fornia and the Central Valley needs. 
The Central Valley has been de-
scribed as the ‘‘Salad Bowl’’ of Amer-ica. The delicious crops that are grown there are consumed by Americans at a low cost. There is an occasional ref-erence to the people that day in and day out labor to pick those crops and put them on the tables of the American people—the farmworkers. 
Referencing their dire economic and 
living conditions that they find them-selves in right now, the conclusion is that we need to proceed to pass H.R. 2898 to help these farmworkers and their families. I agree; farmworkers and their families must be a priority for relief. H.R. 2898 doesn’t provide any relief to farmworkers and their fami-lies. 
Mr. Chairman, farmworkers need an 
investment. They need an investment in education; they need an investment in housing; they need an investment in livable incomes, and they need to work on the concentrated poverty that we find. Those areas of farmworker com-munities had one of the highest pov-erty rates in California before the drought; they are at a high poverty rate now with the drought; and if we want to change the course of history, we need to deal with that issue. We need to continue to restrict pesticide use that harms humans, and we need to have working conditions and oppor-tunity available to farmworkers. 
Farmworkers don’t need crocodile 
tears. They need relief; they need at-tention, and they need investment. They need a relief that is near term and not one dominated by technology and outmoded strategies that will not bring that relief to them. We should be about creating opportunity, creating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.038 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5279 July 16, 2015 
immediate relief, and helping those 
families not only in the near term, but in the long term. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the remainder of my time to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Wyoming for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this 
amendment not because it provides ad-ditional water for reclamation and reuse, which I support. I am opposed to this amendment because it prevents any of these funds from being used for storage—groundwater and surface stor-age water. 
As I said earlier, Californians, by 
over a two-thirds vote, supported a sig-nificant bond measure last year for that water storage, both surface and groundwater. This amendment would prevent that from occurring. 
Mr. Chairman, let me also talk a lit-
tle bit about the narrative that has been coming from some of my col-leagues that I just firmly reject about this legislation and the underlying bill. 
This does not—this does not—amend 
the Endangered Species Act. It does not provide any kind of a rollback of the endangered species law. That is just false. 
It does not impact the water quality 
of the delta or the bay. And do you know why? Because we have a State law in California under Decision 1641 that requires the State Water Board to monitor the level of salinity in the delta and to protect the water quality for people in the Bay area who derive their water from that source. 
So how could this legislation impact 
Decision 1641? It simply cannot. 
As it relates to the operational flexi-
bility, which has been alluded to as the great problem in this legislation, much of that flexibility that we have been urging over 4 years has begun to take place in the last year or 2. This legisla-tion would take that flexibility that they finally have begun to do and put that in practice and codify it in law. That is what this legislation does. 
I must say, Mr. Chairman, that under 
the constraints of this legislation, with this greater flexibility, the Secretary of the Interior still has the ability to provide the justification, in fact, if she feels that this flexibility cannot be im-plemented. 
Mr. Chairman, those protections are 
there. That is what this legislation does. I urge your support. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–204 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. G
ARAMENDI  
of California. 
Amendment No. 7 by Mr. L AMALFA of 
California. 
Amendment No. 8 by Mr. G RIJALVA of 
Arizona. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 236, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 443] 
AYES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.039 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5280 July 16, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Brat Byrne Conyers Costello (PA) Doyle, Michael 
F. Engel 
Garrett Hudson Johnson (GA) Larson (CT) Long Newhouse 
Nolan Smith (WA) Wilson (FL) 
b1206 
Messrs. McKINLEY, SHIMKUS, and 
HENSARLING changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. RANGEL, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. LOF-GREN, and Mr. PASCRELL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 443, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
443, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 443, I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H OLDING ). 
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 172, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 444] 
AYES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—172 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Conyers 
Costello (PA) Cummings Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel Eshoo 
Garrett Graves (MO) Herrera Beutler Hudson Joyce Larson (CT) 
Long Nolan Pelosi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1210 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 242, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 445] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.014 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5281 July 16, 2015 
Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Conyers Costello (PA) Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel Garrett 
Hudson Larson (CT) Long Marchant Nolan 
Pelosi Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1214 
Mr. BUCK changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. ESHOO changed her vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H OLDING , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 362, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. BERA. I am opposed in its cur-
rent form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Bera moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
2898 to the Natural Resources Committee, with instructions to report the same back to 
the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
After section 610, insert the following: 
SEC. 611. PROTECTING THE SUPPLY OF WATER 
FOR DRINKING AND TO FIGHT WILDFIRES. 
Under the provisions of this Act, the Sec-
retary shall ensure that there is an adequate supply of water— 
(1) for residential drinking water that is 
safe and not tainted with arsenic, salt, ni-trates from fertilizers, industrial chemicals, or harmful algae, which become con-centrated in diminished water supplies; and 
(2) to fight wildfires, utilizing water from 
reservoirs or other surface waters, and to honor Tribal water rights. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah (during the 
reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we consider it as having been read and we dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, this bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is sim-
ple. It ensures that we have safe drink-ing water for our constituents and enough water to fight wildfires. 
It has been hot and dry in California. 
We are now in the fourth straight year of drought conditions; and, in fact, 95 percent of our State has reached severe drought status. This is a problem. 
We are talking about families; we are 
talking about farmers, small-business owners who are feeling the pain of this prolonged drought every day. It is a crisis, and in a crisis, everyone has to come together, to work together to find solutions that work for all of us. 
However, the bill offered today, yet 
again, undermines the efforts that were taken in California to work together, and instead, it allows Washington, D.C., politicians to pick winners and losers and pit communities against each other. This bill creates no water. It does not solve this crisis, and that is a problem. 
Look at this picture. This is my 
home district, Folsom Lake. This is what it looked like last summer, and this summer, it is worse. In fact, Fol-som Lake right now is at 42 percent of capacity. By August, it is expected to reach the lowest point in recorded his-tory. Over half a million people depend on Folsom Lake for their drinking water. 
We owe it to the families of Folsom, 
Fair Oaks, Roseville, and all across the State to work together to better man-age the water that we have. As cur-rently written, this bill would jeop-ardize their access to safe water. As water supplies decrease, residential drinking water risks contamination from higher concentrations of nitrates, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.016 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5282 July 16, 2015 
arsenic, industrial chemicals, and 
harmful algae. 
We owe it to the people in our State 
to make sure, when they turn on their taps, they have safe drinking water. Let’s work together to find comprehen-sive solutions, long-term solutions to ensure their access to storage. We have got to work together as Democrats and Republicans, not pit northern Cali-fornia against southern California. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give this motion their full sup-port. 
I yield to the gentleman from south-
ern California (Mr. P
ETERS ), my col-
league. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, across 
the West and particularly in California, we are in the fourth year of a pro-longed drought that is placing us at in-creased risk for wildfires. 
The underlying bill would harm not 
just one community or industrial sec-tor, but would undercut years of exist-ing water policy and put communities like mine in San Diego in more danger. The images of depleted reservoirs, lakes, and streams drying up abound, with millions of dead trees littering our forests. As The New York Times re-ported just yesterday: ‘‘For those who know fire, fuel is now all they see.’’ 
We are in the midst of what we ex-
pect to be a long and harsh wildfire season. Just since January 1, Cali-fornia fire officials have responded to more than 3,300 wildfires, which is a thousand more than the average from the last 5 years. 
The lake fire that started just a 
month ago has consumed an area of na-tional forest roughly the size of San Francisco, and the dozens of wildfires that erupted in San Diego last May burned thousands of acres and de-stroyed 65 homes. Projections show that the cost of fighting wildfires this year could reach up to $2.1 billion, far above the roughly $450 million spent annually in the 1990s. 
It is not just money at stake. Two of 
the most deadly wildfires in California history, the Witch and Cedar fires oc-curred in San Diego and killed 17 peo-ple. This is also a matter of life and death. 
This bill does not make it rain; no 
one can do that. It simply undermines the State of California’s water policies to move water away from one set of communities and into different ones. 
The motion to recommit requires 
that, as we make changes to Western water allocations, we ensure there is enough water in reservoirs, lakes, and community supplies to make sure that 
wildfires can be fought when they occur, which they certainly will. It also ensures that we honor the existing tribal water rights and protect the health of those communities. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
motion to recommit and to oppose the underlying legislation. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a procedural motion. Obviously, if it were a serious one, we could have considered it anytime in committee or on the floor in the amendment process, but it is a procedural motion that is also somewhat flawed. 
In this particular one, it mentions 
that nothing will happen until the Sec-retary shall ensure that something happens. Unfortunately, in this provi-sion of the bill, they don’t define Sec-retary, so I am not really sure which Secretary would have to define some-thing. It could be the secretary of my office if you really wanted it that way. It provides that we are going to have water for drinking and for wildfires. 
Now, some of you may remember 
that, last week, we actually had a for-est bill in here which provided for wildfires. We gave them money; we gave them authority; we gave them the tools. It passed with a bipartisan vote, but some of our friends who are not voting for this one weren’t voting for that one either. We solved the wildfire issue already, scratched that one off. 
If you really want drinking water, 
that is what the base bill does. The en-tire purpose of this bill is to emphasize the fact that, in this drought, we are trying to help people. The goal is to get water to people so they can work. 
In an area that has a 50 percent un-
employment rate, they can provide food for people. It is important to all of us. It is not as important for me as it used to be, but it is still important for all of us. 
We actually provide jobs for people in 
these areas where they desperately need that work. We are doing it. This is about people. This is moving water so people can actually be helped, and that is what the underlying bill has to do, and the procedural issues that we are trying to hold up this process, they don’t actually help people. They may help the process, but they don’t actu-ally help people. 
We need a policy more than the oppo-
nents of this bill have, which is: Let’s pray for rain and hope something hap-pens. 
We need to do what our pioneer an-
cestors told us to do and take the water we have and save it and store it, and that is what the underlying bill does, not just for California, but for the rest of the West, for all of us, where we have these same types of situations. 
You can vote for the underlying bill, 
realizing you are helping people. Good grief, 2008, we found water on Mars; we can actually find water for people here in the West. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recom-
mit; support the underlying bill. Let’s get this bill going through the system so we can actually do something good for the people of this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote will be followed by a 5- minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 446] 
AYES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.048 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5283 July 16, 2015 
Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Brat Costello (PA) Doyle, Michael 
F. Engel 
Garrett Hudson Larson (CT) Long 
Murphy (FL) Nolan Palazzo 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1233 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 446, 
my vote did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 176, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 447] 
AYES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—176 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Carson (IN) 
Conyers Costello (PA) Doyle, Michael 
F. Engel 
Gallego Garrett Hudson Larson (CT) Long 
Murphy (FL) Nolan 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1239 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall Nos. 446 and 447. 446 Recommit— ‘‘yes,’’ 447. Passage of H.R. 2898—‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.018 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5284 July 16, 2015 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2898, WEST-ERN WATER AND AMERICAN FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that, in the en-grossment of H.R. 2898, the Clerk be au-thorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to reflect the actions of the House in amending the bill, including striking the instruction ‘‘line 20’’ and inserting ‘‘after line 19’’ in amendment No. 7. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the majority leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , for 
the purpose of inquiring about the schedule of the week to come and thereafter. 
(Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes 
are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. 
On Wednesday and Thursday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combus-tion Residuals Regulation Act, spon-sored by Representative D
AVID MCKIN-
LEY. This bill is essential to protect 
and create jobs. 
If we do not act, the EPA will replace 
the existing successful State-based reg-ulatory program with harmful new reg-ulations that will cost hundreds of thousands of jobs and result in billions of dollars in burdensome costs for job creators. 
b1245 
The House will also consider H.R. 
1599, the Safe and Accurate Food La-beling Act, sponsored by Representa-tive M
IKEPOMPEO . This bipartisan bill 
will ensure uniform national labeling of foods from genetically engineered plants. By addressing the patchwork of conflicting labeling laws, we will fix the growing problem of inconsistent and confusing information for con-sumers. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House is 
expected to consider the conference re-port for the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for his information with respect to the legislation for next week. 
As the gentleman knows, we have 
now passed six appropriation bills. Last week, consideration of the Interior bill was postponed. The gentleman and Mr. R
OGERS have both made representa-
tions that they hope to do all 12 appro-priations bills. 
You did not announce any appropria-
tions bills on the schedule for next week. Can the gentleman tell me whether or not he expects to bring ad-ditional appropriations bills to the floor prior to the August break? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Yes, it is our intention to get back to 
the appropriations process as soon as possible. As the gentleman does know, there are some very serious and sen-sitive issues involved. We are in the midst of a constructive and bipartisan conversation on how we can resolve these issues. I will be sure to keep the Members updated as the appropriations bills are scheduled for continued con-sideration. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for his comment, particularly in terms of the willingness to work in a bipar-tisan fashion. 
As the majority leader knows, there 
is, on his side of the aisle and on our side of the aisle, a great concern that the 302 allocations to the Appropria-tions Committee are insufficient to meet their responsibilities. Mr. R
OG-
ERS, as you know, your chairman of the 
Appropriations Committee, a Member of your side of the aisle from Ken-tucky, has characterized the sequestra-tion numbers as unrealistic and ill-ad-vised. 
The Senate has not passed any appro-
priations bills, as the gentleman knows. It is my hope, and I would like to ask the majority leader whether he contemplates any bipartisan discus-sions with reference to how we might come to an agreement so that appro-priations bills could, in fact, be en-acted, sent to the President, and signed by the President. 
The President, as you know, sent 
down a budget which was paid for, which had Defense numbers at the numbers that your side of the aisle used by utilizing Overseas Contingency Operation funds to bridge the gap be-tween the sequester number and the President’s number. 
My question to you is: Is there any 
contemplation, either before we break or shortly after we come back—because October 1 will be on us very, very quickly—to have bipartisan discus-sions, a la Ryan-Murray, to get to a number that we can agree on and that we can pass appropriations bills, have conferences, and send them to the President and be signed, hopefully, be-fore October 1, but if not before Octo-
ber 1, certainly before December 18? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and his continuous questions throughout the months on this. 
It is still our intention on this side of 
the aisle to get our business done, up-hold the current law which is in place. I know you and I have had many de-bates back and forth that we know that sequestration started in the White House, and we continue to play by what the law states today and move our bills in a bipartisan manner, with a very open process on the floor where any Member can bring an amendment up, and we will continue to use that process as we move forward. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. The majority leader, Mr. Speaker, 
regularly brings up that sequester started in the White House. He knows I very severely disagree with that. And he voted for a Cut, Cap, and Balance Act which had in that bill—which no Democrat, I think, voted for—seques-ter. And it was passed 5 days before our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, al-leged that Mr. Lew suggested that to Mr. R
EIDas a way we could get by the 
House’s refusal, up to that point in time, to extend the debt limit, which meant we couldn’t pay our bills. But I don’t think that is very useful in dis-cussing how we get by this loggerhead that we have met on the appropriations process. 
I served on the Appropriations Com-
mittee for 23 years before I became a leader, and we did pass bills—not al-ways on time, but we had an ability, Republicans and Democrats working on the Appropriations Committee, work-ing in the Congress, to get our bills done. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t know whether 
you recall. I presume you will recall that when we got to a similar impasse, Mr. R
YAN, the then-chairman of the 
Budget Committee, Ms. M URRAY , the 
then-chairwoman of the Budget Com-mittee in the Senate, got together and came up with some figures that we could agree on on a bipartisan basis. Until that time, we had the same kind of scenario that we are now confronted with. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my view that, un-
less we have such a meeting of the minds, we are going to put this country in another crisis of our own making. 
We, Democrats, are prepared to enter 
into some sort of an agreement, con-sistent with H
ALROGERS ’ belief, that 
we can get to a realistic and advised compromise, not this unrealistic and ill-advised—Mr. R
OGERS ’ words, Repub-
lican chair of the Appropriations Com-mittee, not mine. 
And if we don’t do so, when we get to 
September 30, or we get to December 18, let’s not wring our hands and say, How did this happen? We will know ex-actly how it happened, and it will have happened because we refused to sit down, as the majority leader just said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.053 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5285 July 16, 2015 
a few minutes ago, in a bipartisan way 
to do the people’s business in a respon-sible, collegial way in which we can get to an agreement so the bills can be passed. 
I think this argument about who is 
responsible for sequestration—clearly, we have a different point of view—and a bill that passed before the suggestion was made by Jack Lew so we could get by the impasse and America pay its bills is really not very useful. 
Mr. Leader, let me go to another sub-
ject. The gentleman moved, on two oc-casions, to refer to the House Adminis-tration Committee legislation which related to the use of the Confederate battle flag. Both of those issues are now pending in the House Administra-tion Committee. One of them has been there for some 3 weeks now. 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
there is any suggested action by the committee, whether there have been any hearings scheduled, and whether or not we may see that legislation brought to the floor at any time in the foreseeable future? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Just to clarify before I answer your 
other question on some of your other statements, I am concerned about what the rest of the summer looks like. A lot of my concern stems from what I hear on the other side of the aisle, es-pecially in the Senate side. 
As the gentleman knows from his 
years of working for more than two decades on appropriations, the appro-priations process we have today is the most open this House has ever seen. Never in history, while you were on the Appropriations Committee, was it as open a process that any Member from any side of the aisle could just offer an amendment, not even prewritten, just a closed process. 
But your comments about sequester, 
what I am really concerned about is the comments of Senator S
CHUMER , 
Senator R EID, that they were going to 
have the summer of the shutdown, the destruction, that they were going to shut everything down, and I am con-cerned about some of your comments that are leading in that direction. I don’t want to go there. I want to finish our work as we have been doing here. 
And history, I can’t rewrite it. I 
mean, Bob Woodward, respected jour-nalist as we all know from his days back to Watergate, today, in his ‘‘The Price of Politics,’’ he wrote of the time in history. Sequester was not debated here on this floor or created on this floor, not even in the Senate as well. You can read it in his book. It was cre-ated in the White House of this admin-istration. It is the law of the land. We will uphold the law of the land and do our work based upon those numbers. 
Now, the question you had before me 
was dealing with what we referred to House Administration. I have met with the chair and I have met with Members on the gentleman’s side of the aisle. We have nothing scheduled for next week, 
but we are currently working towards solving this, to me, a very serious and sensitive issue, and I look forward to getting it done and working with you to make it happen. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate the fact 
that we might be bringing something to the floor so that we can express the opinion of this House. As the house and senate in South Carolina expressed its opinion, it surely is appropriate for this House of Representatives, rep-resenting the values of our country, sworn to uphold our Constitution that stands for equality of all, that we can express ourselves and take appropriate action. I appreciate the gentleman’s view. 
I have great respect for Mr. Wood-
ward. Mr. Woodward, shortly after that book came out, I called him. He came into my office. We had a discussion about that representation. I will tell the gentleman that I believe Mr. Wood-ward was incorrect. He did not have in-formation I gave him. I don’t mean that he necessarily says he is incor-rect. 
But there is no doubt, when you want 
to talk about history, you passed a bill 5 days before the suggestion was made by Jack Lew, which was, presumably, coming out of the White House, to Mr. R
EID, the majority leader. Five days 
before that, you passed, on this floor, a bill which was called Cut, Cap, and Bal-ance, which had sequester as your fall-back policy. 
So you are right. You can’t change 
history. That is history. I have said that a number of times. The gentleman has not corrected me. I presume that, therefore, he believes that I am accu-rate in that representation of the tim-ing. 
But very frankly, that history is ir-
relevant. What is relevant, as the gen-tleman and I, I think, both agree, if we don’t get to an agreement on a number that is as we did in Ryan-Murray—we have done this before. We have done this before. Now, my view is we did it because you didn’t want to have your Members vote on legislation that had numbers that were draconian before the election, but that may be only my personal perspective. 
But the fact of the matter is the 
American people expect us to get their work done. Getting their work done, at minimum, means funding the govern-ment at appropriate levels. And, again, I would say that Mr. R
OGERS does not 
believe the sequester—I agree with you. It is the law of the land. I think it is wrong. I think it is a bad law. It was not a law that was intended to go into effect. It went into effect simply be-cause the supercommittee that was es-tablished in that same legislation couldn’t come out with a solution. 
In 13 months, the Congress couldn’t 
come out with a solution, and, there-fore, on January 1, 2014, we were con-fronted with these draconian, ill-con-ceived numbers, according to Mr. R
OG-
ERS. Let’s not be confronted with those numbers 60 days from now on October 1 
where we are unable to do our business. So I would urge my friend, and I would be glad to work with him toward that end. 
We just passed a bill, Mr. Leader, 
which I voted for. We passed it on a bi-partisan basis—the majority of my Members voted for it; the majority of your Members voted for it—a highway bill. It was, however, I know on our side, and I know that in discussions with you, your feeling as well, that it is not what we ought to be doing. 
What we ought to be doing is passing 
a long-term, at least 6-year reauthor-ization bill for the highway program so that Governors, mayors, county execu-tives, local officials, contractors, and construction workers would all have some confidence that there would be a revenue stream to fix our roads, repair our bridges, and build roads where they are needed. 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
he believes that there is a plan to get to the—and I know he and I have dis-cussed it—but a plan to get to, before the December 18 date that the present bill calls for, a long-term highway re-authorization? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, and I thank him for his work and help on passing the highway bill this week. 
As the gentleman knows, nobody in 
this House wants to pass a short-term highway bill. We want certainty. We want to make sure the money goes the furthest and in the most efficient and effective way. 
The reason why we are going to a 
short-term, December 18, is because it is our plan and our intention, together, to be able to find the resources to have a highway bill that can be 5 years. 
b1300 
It is our intention to be able to have 
that. 
We have a plan, I believe, we are 
working towards, and the first step was extending highways to the December 18 date. All we have next is to pass the Senate. 
If they pass our highway bill, we will 
be in the right place, prepared to have it done before December, a 5-year that we could all work together in a bipar-tisan manner to have done. 
Mr. HOYER. I hope we do that. In the short term, however, we have 
done another item which we have not reauthorized, and that is the Export- Import Bank. 
Senator M
CCONNELL believes that 
that has the votes in the Senate, and he believes that the highway bill that we have just sent them is a vehicle to add that Export-Import Bank proposal to. And my presumption is it will be in that bill when it comes back to us. 
Hopefully, it will come back within 
the next few days because, of course, the highway authorization ends at the end of this month, in which case there will be no authorization to spend money on the highway program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.060 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5286 July 16, 2015 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
or not, if that comes back, it will be on the floor? I have heard some discussion about the fact that the Speaker says it will be on the floor, but the Export-Im-port Bank would be open to amend-ment. 
Would the gentleman tell me whether 
or not there are any plans along those lines. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding to me one more time. 
The gentleman is well aware of how I 
feel about the Export-Import Bank, and we have a difference of opinion. I am one who has always believed in the principle that you should just deal with the subject that is before you. 
We have passed the highway bill. The 
best advice I can give to the Senate—it is a clean highway bill until December 18—is to pass a clean highway bill and move it to the President. 
Mr. HOYER. I understand that that 
is the gentleman’s desire. I know he is opposed to the Ex-Im Bank reauthor-ization. 
As you know, we passed it in a bipar-
tisan fashion when the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cantor) was the majority leader, and the gentleman voted for it. He has changed his mind. Certainly many of us do that from time to time. 
But my question to him is: If they 
don’t do what the gentleman sug-gests—i.e., a clean highway bill—and they send it back, as, apparently, Lead-er M
CCONNELL thought that they would 
do, consistent with his representation to the Senator from Washington State and others—if they add the Ex-Im Bank to that bill and it comes back— I know the gentleman is reluctant to speculate. But we have a very, very short period of time left in this session before the August break. 
Does the gentleman believe that, if it 
comes back and is in the highway bill, that we would make the Export-Import Bank portion of that bill at least open to amendment? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
And if I just may correct the gen-
tleman, he took the liberty of saying whether I changed my mind. I did vote for the Ex-Im Bank 2 years ago, but I voted for an Ex-Im Bank that had re-form in it. I have not seen that reform. I did not change my mind. I kept my principle. The same principle that I have is my best advice to the Senate. 
I know you want to talk 
hypotheticals, and I know our colloquy is about next week. But none of that is scheduled for next week. 
But to the gentleman and to the Sen-
ate, my best advice for them is to pass our clean highway bill and send it to the President. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, the problem with the 
suggestion the majority leader makes is the Export-Import Bank will be out of business. If that happens, Speaker B
OEHNER has said it is going to ad-
versely affect jobs in America. It will adversely affect the ability of small, medium, and large businesses to sell our goods overseas by people working here in America. 
The Export-Import Bank is about 
jobs, and to simply let it twist in the wind and let it be unauthorized simply because of inattention, when it has the majority of votes on this floor? Mr. Speaker, I have said that over and over again and have not been contradicted. 
There are 60 Republicans who have 
sponsored the Export-Import Bank’s reauthorization. There are 188 Demo-crats—or at least 185 Democrats who will vote for it. That is 249 votes. All you need is 218. There is no doubt that the Export-Import Bank has the votes to pass this House and the Senate, and, yet, we fiddle while jobs are being burned. 
Mr. Speaker, that is not good policy 
for our country. It is not good policy for our workers. It is not good policy for our businesses, for our exporters. It makes us uncompetitive with the rest of the world. Sixty countries have a similar facility. I know in a perfect world perhaps that wouldn’t exist. But 60 of our competitors around the world have such a facility that make their goods cheaper than we will be making ours. 
That is not good sense. It is not good 
policy. It is not the expectation, I think, of the American people. And it is not the will of this House. 
I regret that we have not addressed 
this already. But I certainly hope when the Senate—as I expect them to do— adds it to the House highway bill—and I am not sure whether it will be our bill or their bill or our bill amended— we may have to go to conference or we may have to get to an agreement. 
But one way or the other, we ought 
to adopt the will of this House and re-authorize the Export-Import Bank so that we will protect jobs. 
It was Speaker B
OEHNER who said 
that it was shortly after we took the action we took on June 30 and allowed the Export-Import Bank to expire that we would lose jobs. In fact, that is hap-pening. So I would hope that that would not be the case. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
ask the majority leader this: I get a lot of rumors on my side. I know you get a lot of rumors on your side. And I sort of smile at them and I say, ‘‘I think not.’’ 
But I have had 20 Members today ask 
me, Mr. Speaker, are we not going to be here the last week of July that is presently scheduled. And I would like to clear that up. 
I yield to my friend for a definitive 
answer on the schedule for—this is a scheduling question, by the way, as to whether or not, in fact, we are going to be here the last week of July. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I smile because the only rumor I 
heard more of was about Taylor Swift in the Capitol the other day. I think this is just wishful thinking 
of the Members. But the American peo-ple expect us to get our work done. We have a lot of work to get done. No, we will be here, as the schedule says, and we will finish it. But we will not be leaving early. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate the major-
ity leader’s clarification. My Members will not necessarily appreciate it, but I understand it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, 
JULY 16, 2015, TO MONDAY, JULY 20, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
BRAHAM ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
FETAL BODY PARTS TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, evidence has been made public that the largest abortion pro-vider in America has been actively en-gaged in the illegal and horrific prac-tice of trafficking of fetal body parts. 
Planned Parenthood performs over 
300,000 abortions annually. This organi-zation financially gains from the de-struction of innocent, unborn children and now has been shown to profit from the selling of children’s organs to fetal tissue brokers. 
Those who defend Planned Parent-
hood and these evil practices argue these clinics simultaneously provide access to other needed health services. Well, Mr. Speaker, one does not justify the other. 
Throughout the United States, there 
is no shortage of faith-based health service providers that, unlike Planned Parenthood, honor, respect, and care for all women and unborn children. They do not prey on vulnerable individ-uals for profit. 
Mr. Speaker, I have joined my col-
leagues, calling for an investigation into the trafficking of fetal tissue and activities of abortion providers, such as Planned Parenthood, companies that broker fetal tissue, and any incentives created by National Institutes of Health funding for research using body parts of unborn children. 
f 
PRIDE PARADE FESTIVAL IN 
ISTANBUL, TURKEY 
(Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.062 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5287 July 16, 2015 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my deep concern over the atroc-ities that recently occurred at this year’s pride parade in Istanbul, Tur-key. 
For years, the Turkish LGBT com-
munity and their supporters have been able to partake in one of the few per-mitted pride parades in the Muslim world, but this year this peaceful pa-rade was broken up when police dis-persed the parade with tear gas, rubber bullets, and water cannons, reminis-cent of the worst full countertactics of the American civil rights movement. 
LGBT pride gatherings are peaceful, 
focusing on love and solidarity and the human rights of all people, including LGBT people, which is a stark contrast to the unnecessary and brutal violence endured by those parade-goers. 
This past May I had the opportunity 
to visit the brave LGBT activists in Turkey and to speak to them about their hopes for a better community. 
As a member of the LGBT commu-
nity and of the Congressional Equality Caucus, I am deeply disturbed by the way in which such a positive festival was received by the Turkish Govern-ment. 
Turkey has long expressed, by its 
commitments to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, its dedication to freedom of assembly and freedom of speech. Turkey is a NATO ally. Its actions are at odds with these previous commitments to free-dom. 
I am urging this Congress to join me 
in condemning these actions. Today we will send a letter signed by more than 50 Members of this body to the Turkish Ambassador, expressing our outrage by these actions and our support of the Turkish people. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD’S SALE OF 
FETAL TISSUE 
(Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I stand be-
fore this body because I am outraged at the recent revelation by a Planned Par-enthood director who speaks on video about harvesting an unborn baby’s body parts to sell. 
She details the horrific and barbaric 
practice of aborting babies in such a cold, casual way as to preserve certain body parts for sale. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an organization 
that receives Federal funds to do their work. Is this what the taxpayers are paying for? Is this what they asked for? No. 
Given Planned Parenthood’s official 
comments on video and the list of seri-ous questions that are raised, I am calling for a full congressional inves-tigation. 
I demand information about Planned 
Parenthood’s donation of fetal tissue for research or for any other purpose and for Federal funds to be completely 
withdrawn. 
This is not over. We will press on. I 
will continue to remind this body that we work for the American people—not the other way around—that we swore to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States, and we will pre-serve life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
This is un-American and absolutely 
unacceptable. 
f 
FETAL TISSUE TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. HUELSKAMP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, ear-
lier this year Members of Congress stood on this House floor and con-demned the evils of trafficking hu-mans, especially the exploitation of women and children who are treated as commodities to be bought, used, and disposed of. 
And we then walked the talk, refus-
ing to turn a blind eye to these horrors, and passed sweeping reforms to combat and end this egregious human rights abuse. 
Now we must urgently act again. 
Abortion giant Planned Parenthood has exposed itself as a perpetuator of another shocking form of trafficking: the illegal selling and buying of baby body parts and intact organs. 
That is right. It is not enough that 
Planned Parenthood kills babies in the womb. No. It has to profit off the death of its victims by first dismembering these unborn children and then selling their organs piece by piece to the high-est bidder. 
Enough is enough. We will inves-
tigate this unlawful, barbaric practice and bring an end to these horrifying abuses. 
f 
b1315 
HONORING THE NEW HORIZONS 
MISSION 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate NASA’s New Horizons mis-sion. Yesterday, after traveling more than 3 billion miles, the New Horizons probe passed just 7,800 miles from the surface of Pluto. 
Pluto was discovered in 1930 by a 24- 
year-old astronomer from my home State of Illinois. In 2006, NASA launched New Horizons in an effort to learn more about Pluto, the Kuiper belt, and the formation of our solar system. Yesterday, New Horizons sent us back our first closeup pictures of Pluto’s surface. 
Mr. Speaker, the New Horizons mis-
sion is a great success for NASA. Not only will we learn great things about our solar system, but I hope that these pictures will serve to inspire a new 
generation of astronomers and physi-cists. 
America’s future relies on a strong 
and robust program of science, tech-nology, engineering, and math edu-cation, or STEM, and I hope that the success of this mission will encourage more students to follow that path. 
f 
FORT HOOD 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, as a 
representative from the 25th Congres-sional District of Texas, it is my pleas-ure to represent Fort Hood in the United States Congress. 
From its state-of-the-art training fa-
cilities to its experienced leadership and world-renowned reputation, Fort Hood demonstrates 21st century train-ing for the 21st century soldier. Fort Hood is a treasure of Texas, but it is also the gold standard for the Army, the Department of Defense, and our Nation’s overall national security pos-ture. 
Last week, in an address to the Na-
tional Commission on the Future of the Army, I presented my thoughts on the recent troop reduction announce-ment and how it relates to Fort Hood. 
If sequestration takes effect in Octo-
ber as planned, the U.S. Army will have to cut 30,000 soldiers in addition to the 40,000 soldiers that will be re-moved from ranks over the next 2 years. At this level, our military may not be able to commit to current de-ployments, let alone successfully take on new challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, with the expansion of 
ISIS in Syria and Iraq, the instability of governments in the Middle East, and an aggressive Russia and China, I do not believe this is the time to be cut-ting our Army to pre-World War II lev-els. 
Mr. Speaker, Fort Hood is a resilient 
community made up of the finest sol-diers I have ever met. They have been dealt some serious challenges in recent years, and each time, they have over-come them. 
Fort Hood is the Great Place; even 
so, Mr. Speaker, it is imperative this Congress relieves the strain the seques-ter has put on Fort Hood and our entire military. It is not fair for our brave men and women to suffer the con-sequences of our inability to properly govern. 
I would like to express my gratitude 
to Fort Hood, the Department of the Army, our soldiers and their families, and fellow Texans. 
May God bless our troops; may God 
bless the Great Place, and God bless the United States of America. 
In God We Trust. 
f 
THE WAR ON POVERTY 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.054 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5288 July 16, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, over the past 
four decades, the growth of upward mo-bility in America has stagnated despite the numerous programs and trillions of dollars spent on our efforts to reduce poverty. 
In the wake of a stalemated war on 
poverty, we need to move beyond the status quo and, instead, look at the tangible impact that local leadership is having on the programs and concepts that they have created to help those who are struggling in our communities. 
In other words, Mr. Speaker, we need 
to focus on what works. Our goal should be moving people out of poverty and up the socioeconomic ladder, and we can start by turning to our local nonprofit leaders that are working to defeat hopelessness and offering con-crete and aspirational futures. 
Look at AR Kids Read, the volun-
teer-based literacy initiative getting private sector volunteers into our ele-mentary schools in Little Rock and Pulaski County and guiding third-grad-ers to a successful future by working with them to assure that they read at grade level. 
Let’s look at Our House shelter in 
Little Rock, which teaches families who are struggling with homelessness how to make and sustain positive change. 
Mr. Speaker, by prioritizing innova-
tion and success in our community en-gagement, organizations like these— private, faith-based, and public—work-ing hand in hand can offer our families hope, aspiration, and a roadmap toward the pursuit of happiness. 
f 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it 
seems like, too often, issues in this town are predetermined—Republicans care about this; Democrats care about that. There isn’t any crossover, and then we are stuck in gridlock. 
As someone who has spent my time 
in Congress working to bridge the gap between left and right, I know there is more that unites us than divides us on the big issues. Today, I am proud to highlight another area of bipartisan agreement, criminal justice reform. 
The SAFE Justice Act is a legislative 
proposal to modernize and strengthen our criminal justice system for the 21st century, addressing its exploding costs to taxpayers and often dispropor-tionate application. 
States across the Nation—red and 
blue alike—have led the way on this important issue, and they offer a blue-print for how we address corrections at the Federal level. 
The SAFE Justice Act expands on 
these lessons by seeking to curtail overcriminalization, increase evidence- based sentencing alternatives, reduce recidivism, and increase transparency 
and accountability. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a serious, bipar-
tisan appetite to address this issue now, from the House and the Senate to the White House; and I look forward to working with my colleagues to tackle serious criminal justice reform in this Congress. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NASA AND THE 
NEW HORIZONS TEAM 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, the first closeup images of Pluto were released thanks to the first-ever mission to explore this world 3 billion miles away. 
NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft 
launched at a speed well above 30,000 miles per hour, making it the fastest spacecraft ever launched. The New Ho-rizons probe was launched almost 10 years ago; yet NASA was able to pre-dict its arrival time within 1 minute only a few thousands miles from the planet. 
New Horizon’s successful mission re-
affirms the leadership role the United States plays and must play in the fu-ture in space exploration. This helps foster innovation and new technology. The space program also inspires future generations to pursue degrees and ca-reers in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics. 
As New Horizons begins the process 
of transmitting data, we will learn even more about Pluto, as well as the Kuiper belt, on its next mission beyond Pluto. 
Mr. Speaker, NASA’s New Horizons 
team needs to be congratulated for its historic accomplishment, and it is one that all Americans can be proud of as a testament to America’s ingenuity and determination. 
Once again, NASA has expanded the 
reach of space exploration, and we ap-plaud their efforts and the New Hori-zons team. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS 
TO UNITED STATES-CHINA ECO-NOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following indi-viduals on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2016: 
Mr. Larry Wortzel, Williamsburg, 
Virginia 
Mr. Peter Brookes, Springfield, Vir-
ginia LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H
UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a 
family illness. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 20, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2186. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Novaluron; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0232; FRL-9929-57] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2187. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Thiabendazole; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA- HQ-OPP-2015-0396; FRL-9929-95] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2188. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a supplemental update of the Budget, commonly known as the Mid-Session Review, containing revised estimates of receipts, outlays, budget au-thority, and the budget deficit for fiscal years 2015 through 2025, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1106; to the Committee on the Budget. 
2189. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Distillates, (Fischer- Tropsch), heavy, C18-C50, branched, cyclic and linear; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2012-0585; FRL- 9929-27] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2190. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Inter-state Transport Requirements for the 2008 Lead and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R10- OAR-2015-0329; FRL-9930-69-Region 10] re-ceived July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2191. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Low Reid Vapor Pressure Fuel Regulations [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0027; FRL-9930-79-Region 6] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16JY7.055 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5289 July 16, 2015 
2192. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; North 
Carolina; Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Diox-ide National Ambient Air Quality Standards Changes [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0368; FRL-9930- 76-Region 4] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2193. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Revision to the Definition of Volatile Organic Compounds [EPA-R03-OAR- 2015-0360; FRL-9930-63-Region 3] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2194. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Redesignation Request and Associ-ated Maintenance Plan for the Lancaster Nonattainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Stand-ard [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0050; FRL-9930-56-Re-gion 3] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2195. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illi-nois; Midwest Generation Variances [EPA- R05-OAR-2013-0436; EPA-R05-OAR-2014-0663; FRL-9929-71-Region 5] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2196. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Prevention of Signifi-cant Deterioration and Nonattainment New Source Review [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0842; A-1- FRL-9927-32-Region 1] received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2197. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG rule — Open Phase Conditions in Electric Power System (BTP 8-9) received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2198. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG rule — Physical Security —— Review of Physical Security System Designs —— Standard Design Certification and Oper-ating Reactor Licensing Applications (SRP 13.6.2) received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2199. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG rule — Strategies and Guidance to Address Loss of Large Areas of the Plant Due to Explosions and Fires (SRP 19.4) re-ceived July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
2200. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Revision of Fee Sched-ules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2015 [NRC-2014-0200] (RIN: 3150-AJ44) received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2201. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarifications and Corrections to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR): Control of Spacecraft Systems and Related Items the President Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions List (USML) [Docket No.: 150325297-5297-01] (RIN: 0694-AG59) received July 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2202. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
of the Army (Civil Works), Department of Defense, transmitting the final feasibility report and final environmental assessment of the Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River, New Hampshire and Maine Navigation Improvement Project, pursuant to the Water Resources Development Act of 2000, Sec. 436 and the Flood Control Act of 1970, Sec. 216; (H. Doc. No. 114—47); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 
2203. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transaction of Interest Notice for Basket Contacts (Notice 2015-48) (NOT-110323- 15) received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2204. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Listing Notice for Basket Option Con-tacts (Notice 2015-47) (NOT-139093-14) received July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2205. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Use of Lump Sum Payments to Re-place Lifetime Income Being received By Re-tirees Under Defined Benefit Pension Plans [Notice 2015-49] received July 15, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2206. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD-9726] (RIN: 1545-BJ58, 1545-BM37, 1545-BM39) re-ceived July 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 675. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of 
compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–206). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1607. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation proce-dure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions re-lated to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–207). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. H.R. 1599. A bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–208, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1777. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–209). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 2395. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspec-tors General, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–210). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1831. A bill to establish the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–211). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. 
TONKO ): 
H.R. 3084. A bill to improve the integrity 
and safety of Thoroughbred horseracing by requiring a uniform anti-doping program to be developed and enforced by an independent Thoroughbred Horseracing Anti-Doping Au-thority; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
C
ICILLINE , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. 
GRIJALVA ): 
H.R. 3085. A bill to amend section 1018 of 
the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Re-duction Act of 1992 to make violators of such section liable to residents and invitees of target housing for such violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself and Mr. L
ARSON of Con-
necticut): 
H.R. 3086. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax benefits to individuals who have been wrongfully incar-cerated; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Ms. B
ASS): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.000 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5290 July 16, 2015 
H.R. 3087. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to as-sure educational stability for children in fos-ter care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 3088. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who par-ticipate in qualified apprenticeship pro-grams; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and 
Mrs. L
AWRENCE ): 
H.R. 3089. A bill to close out expired 
grants, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): 
H.R. 3090. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize grants for training and support services for Alzheimer’s patients and their families; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): 
H.R. 3091. A bill to amend the Violent 
Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 
1994 to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 3092. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of an Alzheimer’s Disease Research Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GIBBS: 
H.R. 3093. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to make certain changes in the implementation of the Compliance, Safe-ty, Accountability program of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-
self, Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. J ODYB. 
HICE of Georgia, Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. C OOK, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia): 
H.R. 3094. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snapper fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-
self, Mr. K
IND, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa): 
H.R. 3095. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in certain veterinary student loan repayment or forgiveness programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): 
H.R. 3096. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to State and local educational agencies for the establishment, improve-ment, and expansion of world language edu-cation programs; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B RAT, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. 
PERRY ): 
H.R. 3097. A bill to prohibit the payment of 
surcharges for commemorative coin pro-grams to private organizations or entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 3098. A bill to establish the Brownfield 
Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing program to promote urban renewal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TORof Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mrs. 
BLACK ): 
H.R. 3099. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of a National 
Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3100. A bill to prohibit conditioning 
health care provider licensure on participa-tion in a health plan or the meaningful use of electronic health records; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, 
Mr. S
TIVERS , and Mr. T IBERI ): 
H.R. 3101. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to review the list of vet-erans designated as former prisoners of war, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Miss 
R
ICEof New York): 
H.R. 3102. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regula-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 3103. A bill to encourage spectrum li-
censees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 3104. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce carbon pollution in the United States, invest in the Nation’s infrastructure, and cut taxes for working Americans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
KIND, and Mr. N EAL): 
H.R. 3105. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that all provi-sions shall apply to legally married same-sex couples in the same manner as other married couples, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 3106. A bill to authorize Department 
major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Ms. 
M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.100 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5291 July 16, 2015 
Mexico, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
and Mrs. R OBY): 
H.R. 3107. A bill to require the continu-
ation in effect of sanctions imposed with re-spect to Belarus, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
H
ONDA , and Mr. G ALLEGO ): 
H.R. 3108. A bill to improve energy savings 
by the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 3109. A bill to permit certain current 
loans that would otherwise be treated as non-accrual loans as accrual loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. D ENT, Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): 
H.R. 3110. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3111. A bill to reduce the number of 
nonessential vehicles purchased and leased by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. 
H
UDSON , and Mr. W ALBERG ): 
H.R. 3112. A bill to repeal a requirement 
that new employees of certain employers be automatically enrolled in the employer’s health benefits plan; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
CRAMER ): 
H.R. 3113. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs from obligating or ex-pending funds for alternative energy genera-tion projects unless specifically authorized by law, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT ): 
H. Res. 366. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Clinicians HIV/ AIDS Testing and Awareness Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. 
A
BRAHAM , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B OST, Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C HAFFETZ , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
CONAWAY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H ILL, 
Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H URDof 
Texas, Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. 
NOEM, Mr. N UNES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, 
Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mrs. 
ROBY, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S AN-
FORD , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TEW-
ART, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
California, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. W OODALL , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. Z ELDIN , 
and Mr. Z INKE): 
H. Res. 367. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives in dis-approval of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action agreed to by the P5+1 and Iran on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
SERRANO , and Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama): 
H. Res. 368. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives on Nel-son Mandela International Day; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
94. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 11, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to recognize the unique military value of California’s defense instal-lations and the disproportionate sacrifices California has endured in previous base re-alignment and closure rounds; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
95. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 6, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to enact legislation to establish guarantees by the federal government to support the re-sponsible sale of postearthquake bonds by fi-nancially sound residential-earthquake-in-surance programs operated by any of the sev-eral states on an actuarially sound basis; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
96. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 14, urging Congress to support legislation reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 3084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 3086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreem Court of the United States. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of, and the 
Sixteenth Amendment to, the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JY7.100 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5292 July 16, 2015 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 3089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Con-
stitution of the United States; 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
The purpose of the bill is to require the Of-
fice of Management and Budget to provide a more extensive account of the receipts and expenditures of all current grant programs to determine which programs should be closed. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. GIBBS: 
H.R. 3093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 3094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, Clause 3, of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.R. 3095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill makes changes to existing law re-
lating to Article 1, Section 7 which provides that ‘‘All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution provides Congress with the author-ity to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper’’ to provide for the ‘‘gen-eral Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Depart-ment of Education Organization Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establish-ment of a Department of Education is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treat-ment at the Federal level, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its education activities more effectively.’’ The Department of Education’s mission is to ‘‘promote student achievement and prepara-tion for global competitiveness by fostering education excellence and ensuring equal ac-cess.’’ 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.R. 3097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Acticle 1, Section 8, clause 5 empowers 
Congress ‘‘To coin Money, [and] regulate the Value thereof.’’ Congress currently author-izes the minting of commemorative coins, and this bill directs the proceeds of the mint-ing. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 3098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 3099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Consistent with the original understanding 
of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found within Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. Furthermore, the treatment of Med-icaid among other provisions provide for the general welfare of the Unites States and thereby retain authority within Clause 1 of Section 8, Article of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 3101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 3102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3-To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18-To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 3103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 3104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 3105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 3106. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PEARCE: 
H.R. 3107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 3109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 3110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and 
Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Ms. STEFANIK: 
H.R. 3112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: 
H.R. 3113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1 Section 1 and Article 1 Section 9. ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-tives.’’ ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expendi-tures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 136: Ms. B ASSand Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California. 
H.R. 167: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 169: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 272: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 300: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 303: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 333: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. E NGEL , and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE . 
H.R. 501: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 563: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 592: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 600: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 700: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 721: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 757: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 759: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 775: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 815: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 828: Mr. R OSKAM and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 842: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 911: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 921: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 928: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.031 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5293 July 16, 2015 
H.R. 961: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 969: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
NUNES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 985: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1019: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1091: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1148: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1209: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1399: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1422: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R EED and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L YNCH , Ms. H AHN, Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. D ELANEY , and 
Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ELCH , and 
Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D ENHAM , and 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H.R. 1612: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mr. R EED, and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1728: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1772: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1832: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1887: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. W ALKER and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1902: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1969: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
COLE, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
BRAT. H.R. 2050: Mr. C OOKand Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 2063: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
NORTON , and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. M EEHAN and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 2169: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 2193: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 2215: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 2258: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 2287: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2355: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2358: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2408: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2417: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 2464: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2494: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. 
H.R. 2510: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2553: Mr. R OSS, Ms. D ELAURO , and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2564: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 2588: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 2635: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2740: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2754: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. C OOPER and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2793: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 2798: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2818: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
WALBERG , and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. T ONKO , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2899: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2960: Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 2978: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2979: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. K EATING , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H.R. 2992: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3006: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. M ARCHANT and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 3025: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 3026: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 3037: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. J ONES , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 3057: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3067: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. B URGESS . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts. 
H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. F LEM-
ING. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H. Res. 290: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and 
Ms. E SHOO . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H. Res. 346: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. V EASEY . 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2898 O FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 2: Strike ‘‘collaborate 
with the California Department of Water Re-sources to install’’ and insert ‘‘conduct a study, in collaboration with the California Department of Water Resources, to deter-mine the feasibility and suitability of in-stalling’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY7.027 H16JYPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5133 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 2015 No. 111 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Righteous God, lead us not into 
temptation but deliver us from evil. Set our lawmakers on safe paths, pro-tecting them from dangers seen and unseen. Preserve them and their loved ones, doing for them more than they can ask or imagine. Provide our Sen-ators with counsel even in the night seasons, that they may prevail against the evil forces that seek to destroy our Nation and world. As they trust Your loving kindness, may their hearts re-joice in Your salvation. Lord, deal bountifully with them and the mem-bers of their staffs. 
We pray in Your marvelous Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
pundits told us it would never happen. Republicans and Democrats will never agree on a way to replace No Child Left Behind, they said. But a new Senate that is back to work is proving them wrong. We are poised to pass bipartisan legislation that will replace an edu-
cation law that no longer works with significant education reforms that will work. 
It is a bipartisan bill that would take 
decisionmaking power away from dis-tant Federal bureaucrats and empower parents, teachers, States, and school boards instead. It is a bipartisan bill that would end the practice of States being coerced into adopting measures such as Common Core. It is a bipar-tisan bill that would substitute one- size-fits-all Washington mandates for greater State and local flexibility. 
Because the needs of a student in 
Kentucky aren’t likely to be the same as the needs of a student in Montana or California, this is a bill that would clear the way for educational standards and programs to be designed with the needs of local students in mind. In short, the Every Child Achieves Act is aimed at helping students succeed in-stead of helping Washington grow. 
I urge colleagues to join me in pass-
ing it soon. That would be a big achievement for our kids, and it would be another reminder of what is possible in a Senate that is back to work for the American people. 
After all, what did our constituents 
see in this debate? They saw Senators they sent to Washington, regardless of party, having their voices heard. They saw Senators working across the aisle. They saw Senators of both parties of-fering amendment after amendment and then voting to adopt many of them. 
On this bill alone, the new Senate 
has already taken rollcall votes on 17 amendments. We expect to take up to 6 more today. Just to put that in per-spective, the new Senate will have taken more amendment rollcall votes on this single bill alone than the old Senate took all of last year on all bills combined. That is something we should all want to celebrate because it means the voices of the American people are being heard again here in the Senate. So I want to thank the senior Sen-
ators from Tennessee and Washington for all of their hard work on this bill. Their continued dedication helped to lead us to the point where we are today. 
I also want to acknowledge the ef-
forts of the House of Representatives on this issue. The Republican-led House passed legislation to address this issue the past few years, but the old Senate did not act. This year the Sen-ate, under new management, is poised to finally do its job. We look forward to going to conference with the House on this issue. 
But first, we must pass the bill before 
us. So let’s keep the productive mo-mentum going. Let’s pass this bill, and let’s replace No Child Left Behind once and for all. 
After all, we have already seen how 
States such as Kentucky have been able to achieve more success by obtain-
ing just a limited amount of flexibility from the current law via conditional waivers. Just imagine what Kentucky and other States can achieve when fully empowered to do what is right for their students. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 22 occur at 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday, July 21. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, let 
me just say to all Senators that we are making progress on the highway bill, and we are setting the vote for next Tuesday to allow the bipartisan sup-porters of a longer term bill a couple of days to complete the draft substitute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.000 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5134 July 16, 2015 
Chairman I NHOFE , Senator B OXER , 
and a bipartisan group of Senators are working out the final language. I want to thank them for their efforts, and I hope we will find a way to go forward on a multiyear, paid-for highway bill. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
A COOPERATIVE MINORITY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I commend 
Senators M URRAY and A LEXANDER for 
their good work on this education bill. But I want the record to be spread with this. The bill is passing this Congress because we have had a constructive mi-nority during this Congress. 
Senator Harkin, who was chair of 
that committee, had indicated—and I said this on the Record last week—that on two separate occasions they re-ported the bill out of the education committee, but it was filibustered and never got to the floor. 
So I understand why my friend the 
Republican leader is beating his chest about how great the Senate works, be-cause it does work if you have a coop-erative minority, and that is what we have done. We have worked very hard to try to get this done, and as a result of our work together, we have been able to get it done. But please save ev-eryone the lack of history. My friend keeps bringing up: Boy, the Senate is working so well. It is very cynical what my friends did in stopping everything for the last 4 years. They stopped ev-erything. Hundreds of times they stopped bills from moving to the floor. So my friend comes to the floor and says: Oh man, things are working so great now. Isn’t it great the Senate is working? 
Cynical as it was, the Republicans 
had a plan, and that was to oppose ev-erything. We had a Democratic Presi-dent, we had a Democratic Senate, and if they opposed everything, it would work out great for them, and it did. It 
wasn’t good for the country, but they are now in the majority. Now, how long they stay there remains to be seen. 
If you look at the poll numbers about 
how well my friend is doing, the Repub-lican leader is not doing very well, with the lowest numbers since they started doing polling on leaders— Democratic or Republican leaders. 
So we will continue to cooperate 
when we can. The highway bill is com-ing up, and I hope we can work to-gether to get something done on that. It is something that is long overdue. We have tried to get that done in the past, but we had Republican objections on everything we tried. 
We have had 33 short-term extensions 
on the highway bill—33. We used to do them as a matter of routine every 5 years. But that isn’t the way it is any longer. But we are going to cooperate as much as we can on the highway bill and everything else. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, prior to 
leaving the floor, I want to talk about another subject that is extremely im-portant. 
One of the sad things that has hap-
pened the last few months is that Re-publicans have brought to a stand-still—and that is even an understate-ment to say that—the Export-Import Bank. It is now gone. Legislation was not passed. So something we have al-ways done in the past routinely—reau-thorized this bill—we have not done so this time. The Republicans have stopped it. It is gone. The Export-Im-port Bank is gone. 
Our ability to sell to other countries 
our products has been seriously over-whelmed. It is so sad. And it really is sad. Other countries have these export- import banks. There is some mindset from my Republican friends that we can’t do anything that government is involved in. But if we are going to be competitive in the world, we have to 
have a program such as the Export-Im-port Bank. It has been around for a long time and has been very successful. If we don’t do this, for example, the airplanes we build in the State of Washington will actually come to a screeching halt. They can sell to Amer-ica but not to other countries. 
Now, am I making all this up? No. In 
fact, other countries have these banks. Is it one or two countries? No, it is scores of countries—scores of coun-tries. I will take a minute or two to read the names of the countries that have working export-import banks to help their businesses and workers com-pete globally: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Barbados, Bel-gium, Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Colombia, Croatia, Czech Repub-lic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Fin-land, France, Germany, Greece, Hun-gary, India, Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Poland, Portugal, Rus-sia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Swe-den, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United Kingdom, Uzbekistan. 
Every one of these countries has a 
working export-import bank. Why do they have them? Because they want to be competitive. Whatever they are able to sell to a foreign country—whether a bag of wheat or some kind of product they manufacture—they want to be able to help their local businesses sell to foreign countries—but not the United States. And we are really hurt-ing. 
I can’t imagine—I can’t imagine— 
how the Republicans, whose support for business-oriented operations—we thought over the years their interest was in helping business—has just turned a blind eye. They are not inter-ested in helping business any more. Why? Because these working Export- Import Banks are government oper-ations. Does it cost the Federal Gov-ernment of the United States money? Of course not. We have received $7 bil-
lion back in rewards that goes to our Treasury. We make money on the deal. 
So I would say to my friend who be-
lieves the Senate is working well, I wish somebody would say to my Repub-lican friends, you know, every small business organization supports the Ex-port-Import Bank. The chamber of commerce is not an organization that is out beating the drums for Demo-crats, but they are running ads all over America saying: Republicans, do some-thing about this. Huge companies like Boeing—there are hundreds of thou-sands of jobs at Boeing—are dependent on being able to export those big air-planes. 
As a result of Republicans’ nonaction 
and not reauthorizing this important piece of legislation—before this col-lapse of the Bank took place, there were 165,000 Americans working in jobs related to the Export-Import Bank. I don’t know how many there are today, but I guarantee there are not 165,000. Each day that goes by, others lose their jobs. Little companies from the State of Nevada are calling me and saying: We have to have this. We are going to go out of business. 
The bad feeling my Republican 
friends have for anything dealing with the government so that they do stuff like this—it is hard to explain to any-body why they would do something like this. 
Every one of these countries has pro-
grams. I have read their names into the R
ECORD . I think it is just a shame what 
has happened with this wonderful insti-tution that is so good for creating jobs for America. 
If the Presiding Officer would an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray amendment No. 2089, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
Murray (for Peters) amendment No. 2095 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow local edu-cational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy ac-tivities. 
Murray (for Coons/Rubio) amendment No. 
2243 (to amendment No. 2089), to authorize the establishment of American Dream Ac-counts. 
Alexander (for Cruz/Lee) amendment No. 
2180 (to amendment No. 2089), to provide for State-determined assessment and account-ability systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.001 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5135 July 16, 2015 
Alexander (for Hatch/Bennet) amendment 
No. 2082 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 relating to early learning. 
Murray (for Warren) amendment No. 2106 
(to amendment No. 2089), to amend title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to include specialized instruc-tional support personnel in the literacy de-velopment of children. 
Alexander (for Burr/Bennet) modified 
amendment No. 2247 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the allocation of funds under subpart 2 of part A of title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
Murray (for Murphy) amendment No. 2186 
(to amendment No. 2089), to establish the Promise Neighborhoods program. 
Murray (for Brown/Manchin) amendment 
No. 2100 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend title V of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a full-serv-ice community schools grant program. 
Murray (for Sanders) amendment No. 2177 
(to amendment No. 2089), to provide for youth jobs. 
Murray (for Casey) amendment No. 2242 (to 
amendment No. 2089), to establish a Federal- State partnership to provide access to high- quality public prekindergarten programs from low-income and moderate-income fami-lies to ensure that they enter kindergarten prepared for success. 
Murray (for Schatz) amendment No. 2130 
(to amendment No. 2089), to amend title I to support assessments of school facilities. 
Murray (for Nelson) modified amendment 
No. 2215 (to amendment No. 2089), to include partnering with current and recently retired STEM professionals and tailoring edu-cational resources to engage students and teachers in STEM. 
Murray (for Manchin/Ayotte) amendment 
No. 2222 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the State plan requirements of section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to support children fac-ing substance abuse in the home. 
Alexander (for Boozman/Gillibrand) 
amendment No. 2231 (to amendment No. 2089), to support professional development to help students prepare for postsecondary edu-cation and the workforce. 
Murray (for Baldwin/Whitehouse) amend-
ment No. 2188 (to amendment No. 2089), to ensure States will ensure the unique needs of students at all levels of schooling. 
Alexander (for Capito/Durbin) amendment 
No. 2156 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the State report card under section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to include the rates of enrollment in postsecondary education, and remediation rates, for high schools. 
Alexander (for Thune) amendment No. 2232 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow extended services Project SERV grants under part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to be available for vio-lence prevention activities. 
Murray (for King/Capito) amendment No. 
2256 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend the definitions of eligible technology and tech-nology readiness survey and to provide a re-striction on funds. 
Murray (for Schatz) amendment No. 2240 
(to amendment No. 2089), to provide re-sources needed to study and review Native American language medium schools and pro-grams. 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) amendment 
No. 2249 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(c) of the ESEA to require States to provide an assurance regarding cross-tab-ulation of student data. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor this morning to speak about the bill that we have pending on the floor, a law that is long past due for reexamination and reauthorization, the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. 
This law was last updated in 2001 as 
the No Child Left Behind Act. Fourteen years is far too long to go without up-dating the primary law focused on an issue that is so important to the future of our country, ensuring that children in New Hampshire and across this country receive a high-quality edu-cation. 
I am the mother of a 7-year-old and 
10-year-old, and this could not be a more important issue to me and to, I know, other mothers across the coun-try. Many parents, teachers, and school leaders in New Hampshire have ex-pressed to me their concerns about No Child Left Behind, and so it is past time for us to update and improve this law. 
I believe education decisions are best 
made locally, including decisions about school curriculum and how education dollars are spent. While its goals of ac-countability were very important and laudable, No Child Left Behind, unfor-tunately, imposed a one-size-fits-all re-gime on every school in every State in this country. 
No Child Left Behind imposed un-
workable mandates and unreasonable goals that led many schools in America to be labeled as failing, with no reason-able way to get off the failing list. Congress’s inaction, up to this point has led to a system where the Federal Secretary of Education can dictate to States what priorities they must set in order to receive a conditional waiver from parts of this law. 
This Senate’s bipartisan education 
reform bill, the Every Child Achieves Act that is on the floor right now, would return decisionmaking on edu-cation to where it belongs, back to States, local schools, teachers, and par-ents. 
I wish to thank Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY of 
the HELP Committee for conducting an open debate on this critically im-portant legislation and working to-gether. I am encouraged that Repub-licans and Democrats worked together and overcame disagreements to move this important legislation forward. That is how the Senate should work and that is what the American people deserve from their elected representa-tives. 
Like all Granite Staters, I want chil-
dren in our State and across our coun-try to have even better opportunities than our generation has had, and the 
foundation for future success starts with a quality education. Every parent knows that, and that is why this is such an important topic that we have been debating on this floor. 
Granite Staters have shared with me 
some of the biggest challenges facing our students because of No Child Left Behind, and the Every Child Achieves Act seeks to address them. For exam-ple, as I mentioned, No Child Left Be-hind created a one-size-fits-all system that ignored differences between dif-ferent parts of the country and pri-marily used tests as the measure of ac-countability at the expense of other important measures of success, such as student progress, attendance and grad-uation rates, parent and teacher en-gagement, among others. 
We have seen what happened under 
this law over the last decade. Schools are overtesting and educators are teaching for the test as opposed to making sure our children really learn the topic matter. That is not how we should be educating our young people. We want to make sure they have a firm understanding of the concepts they are learning in school. 
The Every Child Achieves Act re-
stores these powers to the States. It makes sure States have the flexibility they need to develop their own ways to test and measure accountability. I know from our local communities and our local school boards that they are focused every single day in their own communities on making sure their communities are delivering the best quality education and understand the geography and the different challenges facing their communities, and it is im-portant we restore that decision-making to them. 
This bill will let States decide how to 
measure student achievement and school success within their own bor-ders. What might be right and work for North Dakota may not be the right ap-proach for a State like New Hampshire, and so this allows each State and local-ity to engage on what is best for the State. 
The Every Child Achieves Act also 
prohibits Washington from mandating or incentivizing any States to adopt any particular curriculum standards, such as common core. This is an issue many of my constituents have raised with me, and so this bill will, again, re-store this decisionmaking to the States and the parents and teachers. In doing so, this bill reaffirms that it should be the State, not the Federal Govern-ment, that determines education standards. Each State is different and uniquely situated to determine the cur-riculum and accountability measures that best fit the needs of their students without interference from Washington. We don’t need the Washington-knows- best attitude. We know the best deci-sions are made locally. 
This bill includes additional reforms 
that will help strengthen our education system and better prepare our young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.003 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5136 July 16, 2015 
people to join the rapidly changing and 
competitive global 21st century work-force. It ensures parents can still have access to data about their State, dis-trict, and school’s education perform-ance so they can make informed deci-sions about their child’s education. It increases support for high-quality charter schools, giving parents greater choice to determine the best learning environment for their children. It cre-ates State-based need assessments to help identify low-performing schools and allows States, not the Federal Gov-ernment, to determine how to best help low-performing schools. 
All of these reforms are much needed, 
commonsense steps toward reforming and improving our education system, and I believe more can be done to spe-cifically help students in New Hamp-shire. That is why I appreciate the willingness of Senators A
LEXANDER and 
MURRAY to work with me to allow 
votes on several bipartisan amend-ments that I have included in this bill, and I know this has been a very open process. This is how the Senate should operate. 
I was able to work across the aisle on 
a number of amendments that ad-dressed New Hampshire’s priorities. The first of those is strengthening our mental health first aid training to en-sure that school personnel have the 
critical mental health first aid train-ing they need to improve the safety and well-being of students in schools in New Hampshire and across the coun-try. This is something I have heard so much about from our local commu-nities. That is why I was pleased to see the Senate adopted my amendment on mental health awareness training pro-grams yesterday. 
I wish to thank Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
for working with me to include this im-portant amendment that will help school personnel safely address mental health issues earlier, before they reach a crisis stage. 
I know an issue I have heard so much 
about in New Hampshire about that 21st century workforce is STEM edu-cation. When it comes to developing the high-skilled workers we need to compete, we must ensure that we have better STEM education in our schools for that next generation of American innovators. Promoting education ini-tiatives and job training in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics is critical to ensuring that we stay on the cutting edge and that we ensure that our children have the skills they need to get those good- paying jobs when they leave high school, postsecondary education, and beyond with their college education. 
Over the last few years, an effort to 
increase students’ proficiency and close the education gap between the United States and other countries has seen a renewed focus on STEM, and we have seen it in New Hampshire as well. One of the issues I have seen a focus on which I think is very important is in-cluding more women and girls in STEM education. At the college level, women are cur-
rently studying in the STEM fields at a lower rate than men, and many women who do earn STEM degrees actually end up working in other fields. Despite that fact, we are expected to see a 20- percent increase in STEM jobs we are going to need to build that workforce. Yet women only make up 25 percent of 
the STEM workforce. So we have a long way to go, and that is one of the reasons I worked with Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND on a measure to broaden student 
access to mentorship, tutoring, and afterschool activities to encourage in-terest in and develop STEM skills. Our amendment was focused on encour-aging States to explore ways to in-crease participation in STEM programs by underrepresented groups, including girls, minority students, English learn-ers, students with disabilities, and low- income students, so we can have a broad array of our students ready to take on those jobs and the workforce we need to grow our economy. 
Another area where we need to grow 
the economy in our country is in man-ufacturing. We are seeing the begin-nings of a manufacturing renaissance. Last week, I was visiting a company in New Hampshire called Rapid Manufac-turing in Nashua, NH. They have a partnership with a local community college to train their workforce and to bring them right from the community college into Rapid Manufacturing. They have more positions than they can fill right now. In fact, they are going into the middle schools and high schools to get kids excited about career and technical education. We really need this, and the jobs are there. I hear this from so many of our employers. 
I was glad to work across the aisle on 
an important amendment that did not get included but got quite a bit of sup-port from Senator K
AINE and gained 
support from Senators P ORTMAN , CAP-
ITO, G RAHAM , B OXER , W HITEHOUSE , 
CASEY , and W ARNER , and I wish to 
thank them. 
This would create a pilot program in 
our middle schools to get our children excited about career and technical edu-cation for those advanced manufac-turing jobs where we need to grow our workforce. While I am disappointed this amendment was not included on this bill, I am encouraged that Senator A
LEXANDER said he would be open to 
working with us on this effort as a po-tential when we reauthorize the Per-kins Act in the future, which will deal with higher education. 
In addition to the issues we see with 
workforce, STEM, and manufacturing, unfortunately, an issue too many of our States are dealing with—and New Hampshire has been hit hard—is sub-stance abuse. As part of my ongoing ef-forts to combat the heroin and pre-scription addiction crisis in New Hamp-shire, I worked with Senator M
ANCHIN  
to put forth two measures to better as-sist students dealing with substance abuse issues at home. Our amendment would encourage local education deci-sionmakers to provide professional de-
velopment, training, and technical as-sistance to schools and communities that are affected by the crisis of addic-tion, and this is something I know we are also going to address in an amend-ment I am supporting later today. 
New Hampshire has been a leader in 
what is called competency-based edu-cation. What that means is actually as-
sessing students on measures other than tests. That is actually measuring students on innovative assessments and measures of accountability; for ex-ample, when students actually go out into their community and have real hands-on experience based on the ca-reer they are focusing on. New Hamp-shire has been the first State in the Nation to actually receive a grant on competency-based education. 
I was very glad to work with Senator 
K
INGto improve a section of this bill 
that would allow a greater ability for States to participate in alternative as-sessment pilot programs like we have seen in New Hampshire. This is, again, about transferring control from Wash-ington of how we assess how our stu-dents are doing and how we ensure ac-countability in our schools to innova-tive local ideas like what we have seen in New Hampshire when it comes to competency-based education. So I want to thank Senator K
ING for working 
with me on that. 
There are a number of other amend-
ments for which I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and which I think are very important in this bill. I was very glad to work on them with my colleagues. They include working with Senator B
OOKER on assisting 
homeless and foster youth; working with Senator W
ARNER on including lan-
guage ensuring better transitions from school to the workplace; and working with Senator B
ENNET on supporting the 
use of shared service alliances for early childhood education programs. For ex-ample, in New Hampshire we have the Seacoast Early Learning Alliance. I was very glad to work with Senator B
ENNET on that amendment. Also, im-
proving oversight of the Early Learn-ing Alignment and Improvement Grants Program—oversight of our pro-grams is critical. I was glad to work with Senator W
ARNER on oversight of 
these programs and, finally, work with Senator I
SAKSON again on the local 
control piece, and that is putting the decisionmaking back with the parents. This amendment will better inform parents about their rights when it comes to mandatory assessments and the qualifications of their classroom teachers. I think we need to inform parents so that they can make the best decisions for their children. 
I am confident that the bipartisan, 
commonsense reforms in the Every Child Achieves Act will improve our education system and certainly make sure that the decisionmaking rests where it should—with parents, teach-ers, local school boards, and our States, rather than the Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.004 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5137 July 16, 2015 
one-size-fits-all approach we have seen 
too often. In turn, it will help prepare students in New Hampshire and across our country for good careers and a brighter future. All of us here want to ensure that our children will have bet-ter opportunities than we have had in this great country, and we certainly owe that to our children. I am very glad we had this important debate on the floor. 
Again, I thank Senator A
LEXANDER  
and Senator M URRAY for working 
across the aisle on this important bill. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
EPA RULE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, late 
last month, the Supreme Court issued a severe rebuke to the Obama adminis-tration and to his Environmental Pro-tection Agency. It was a strong stand against Washington overreach. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy had written what it called the mer-cury and air toxics standards rule. The rule was a key part of the Obama ad-ministration’s war on coal. The Su-preme Court said that when Wash-ington bureaucrats were writing this rule, they failed—the EPA failed—to consider the overwhelming costs they were imposing on hard-working Amer-ican families. The Court said: ‘‘One would not say that it is even rational, never mind appropriate, to impose bil-lions of dollars in economic costs in re-turn for a few dollars in health and en-vironmental benefits.’’ It wasn’t even rational, never mind appropriate. The Court’s decision was exactly right, and many of us saw it as a big step forward in reining in this out-of-control Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
Here is the problem. The rule came 
out in 2012, and the Supreme Court didn’t make its ruling until 2015. That is 3 years. It is far too late for many Americans who work at coal plants and who have already been hurt by the EPA’s ruling in 2012. That is because power companies were already having to comply with that rule while it made its way through the court process. They have already closed plants be-cause of the rule, even though the Su-preme Court now says that the rule was inappropriate, it was wrong. Now, unemployed workers won’t get their jobs back now that the Court has ruled against the Obama administration. Be-cause of these regulations, people are already paying higher electricity rates than they would have been paying oth-erwise. Consumers don’t get their money back, either, now that the Su-preme Court says the Environmental Protection Agency overstepped its au-thority. 
This isn’t the first time this Agency 
has gone beyond the law and beyond what it is allowed to do. That is what 
it did when it put out its so-called waters of the United States rule. It is a recent rule—waters of the United States. It is a new regulation. The Agency wants to use it to greatly ex-pand government control over the Na-tion’s land and water. Farmers, ranch-ers, hard-working families would no longer be able to decide what to do with their own land. States, counties, and towns would no longer be able to decide what regulations will be best to protect the streams and the waters and the lakes within their borders. That is the problem. These decisions would now be made by Washington bureau-crats no matter what the cost, no mat-ter how small the benefits or how large the cost. 
Not only did the Agency increase its 
authority dramatically, it appears that it abused the rulemaking process to get the results the EPA wanted. What do I mean by that? Well, when Washington writes big, expensive regulations, it is supposed to have a public comment pe-riod so that people who might be harmed by the rules can have their say. According to news reports, when the EPA was writing the waters of the United States rule, the EPA twisted the public comment process into its own private, government-funded spin machine. This government agency ig-nored the negative comments by Amer-icans who were actually concerned about the law and who were hurt by the law. 
That is not what I am saying; that is 
what the New York Times said when it reported on the scandal back in May. The New York Times said that the EPA used taxpayer dollars to lobby lib-eral groups to flood the Agency with positive comments. These were the same phony, ginned-up comments that it used to justify the dramatic over-reach of its new regulations. It is in-credible, it is unbelievable, and I be-lieve it is also illegal. 
If my colleagues want another exam-
ple of overreach by the Environmental Protection Agency, look at the regula-tions it wrote to restrict the amount of carbon dioxide produced by power-plants. It is called the Clean Power Plan. When the EPA was writing this rule, it did the exact same thing the Supreme Court just said was not even rational. The EPA counted up what it said would be the benefits of the regu-lation without caring at all about the true costs. 
So what are the true costs? Well, ac-
cording to one estimate, the new regu-lations would add up to $366 billion in additional costs over the next 15 years. That cost will be passed on to con-sumers and will force more power-plants to close and more Americans to lose their jobs. For all of that expense, all of that damage to hard-working families, the benefits would be mini-mal. 
The Obama administration makes 
wild claims about environmental bene-fits of this regulation. They are the same kinds of claims that it made for 
the rule the Supreme Court just called unreasonable. The Agency exaggerates the benefits, the Agency ignores the costs, and it puts its thumb on the scale to come up with the policy that it wants. 
One of the big costs the Environ-
mental Protection Agency has been ig-noring is the damaging health effects of the unemployment caused by the regulations. When a powerplant closes, people in those communities lose their jobs and their health suffers. High un-employment increases the likelihood of hospital visits, of illnesses, of pre-mature death. High unemployment raises health care costs, and it hurts children’s health and family well- being. Those are real costs to families, to society, and the EPA continues to intentionally ignore them. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy was wrong when it wrote its mer-cury and air toxics rule, it was wrong when it wrote its waters of the United States rule, and it was wrong when it wrote its powerplant rule. 
The Supreme Court has said the En-
vironmental Protection Agency needs to take a more honest approach—the Supreme Court telling President Obama’s EPA to take an honest ap-proach—and it needs to take the true costs into consideration. That is what States across the country are already doing. Governors in Oklahoma, Wis-consin, Indiana, and Texas are refusing 
to be bullied by the Obama administra-tion. They are refusing to give up their right to decide what is best for their own citizens. I believe these States are taking the right approach. They are waiting to get a true idea of the costs as well as the benefits before they rush to allow rules that would shut down powerplants and put thousands of peo-ple out of work. The Supreme Court says that is what Washington should be doing as well. 
Maybe now the Obama administra-
tion will finally listen and start basing its regulations on what the science says is true, not just on what the bu-reaucrats of the administration wish were true. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, in my 
home State of Washington and across the country, students and parents and teachers and communities are counting on us to finally fix No Child Left Be-hind. I have been very glad to work with Chairman A
LEXANDER on our bi-
partisan bill called the Every Child Achieves Act. Our bipartisan bill gives States more flexibility while also in-cluding Federal guardrails to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.006 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5138 July 16, 2015 
sure all students have access to a qual-
ity public education. 
I am very proud of the bipartisan 
work we have done on the Senate floor—debating amendments, taking votes, and making this good bill even better. It is not the bill I would have written on my own, and I am sure it is not the bill Chairman A
LEXANDER  
would have written on his own, but it is a good, strong step in the right di-rection. And it is not the last oppor-tunity, of course, we will have to work on this bill before it is signed into law. In fact, after the Senate passes the bill today, we will go to conference, and then I will be looking forward to work-ing closely with their ranking member, B
OBBY SCOTT, with the administration, 
and with Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate who are inter-ested in building on the Senate’s bipar-tisan work and getting this done. I hope Chairman K
LINE and House Re-
publicans will be willing to join us at the table to reach an agreement on the final product that works for our kids and our parents and our schools and our communities across the country. 
Strengthening accountability is ex-
tremely important to me and to Rank-ing Member S
COTT. Democrats, includ-
ing 42 of our Senate Democrats, voted for Senator M
URPHY ’s accountability 
amendment yesterday. It is also impor-tant to the administration. We will continue to push for that in con-ference. 
We still have more work to do today 
before we wrap up and vote on final passage. The senior Senator from Pennsylvania has offered an amend-ment to expand access to high-quality early education. That is being offered by Senator C
ASEY . Making sure kids 
can start kindergarten ready to learn is one of the best investments I believe we can make to help our kids succeed in school and later in life. I urge my colleagues to vote for that amendment when it comes up for a vote shortly. Then, of course, we will have a number of other amendments and finally pas-sage, and hopefully we will be able to reach that in a positive way today. 
Mr. President, I said this many times 
on the Senate floor, but it bears re-peating to emphasize how important education is for the future of this coun-try. Providing a quality education isn’t just good for students today, it is an investment in our future workforce, it is an investment in our future econ-omy, and it is an investment in a grow-ing strong middle class that will help our country grow stronger. As we all know, across the country today, par-ents, students, and teachers in our communities are looking to us to fix No Child Left Behind. 
So, again, I commend Senator A
LEX-
ANDER for his strong work on this, for 
his willingness to work on a bipartisan basis and get us to where we are today, to be able to look very soon to passing the bill out of the Senate and con-tinuing our work to fix this broken law. Thank you, Mr. President. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Washington for her comments. At 10:45 a.m., we will begin voting. We have six amend-ments—five or six that we expect to vote on, and then at 1:45 p.m. we will have passage of the bill or cloture and final passage of the bill. So we will fin-ish our bill fixing No Child Left Behind today. Of course, in the U.S. Senate nothing is done until it is done, so I don’t want to anticipate that—but I think it is fair to make a few com-ments about the bill at this point, an-ticipating we will have a successful conclusion this afternoon. 
If we are able to pass a bill fixing No 
Child Left Behind this afternoon, it will be a remarkable accomplishment for a U.S. Senate filled with 100 experts on education. I said earlier this week that dealing with a piece of legislation about elementary and secondary edu-cation is a little bit like going to a football game at the University of Ten-nessee, where there are 100,000 people in the stands and every one of them is an expert on football, and they know exactly what the next play is to call. Consensus among experts is not easy, but consensus is necessary in the U.S. Senate if we are going to deal even with such a complex problem as this, and that is exactly what we have achieved. 
As Senator M
URRAY said, we found a 
consensus first about the urgent need to fix No Child Left Behind, 7 years overdue. That is our collective thought in the U.S. Congress. We tried twice the last two Congresses, but we fell apart over partisan differences. I will give Senator M
URRAY credit for coming 
up with the idea of how we began this process earlier this year, and that was for the two of us, consulting with our committee members and other Sen-ators, to produce a draft that would be a starting point for our committee, and that worked well. We considered nearly 60 amendments in committee, adopted 27, I believe, and the committee re-ported unanimously to this body a bill to fix No Child Left Behind. That gave us a very good head start because members of our committee represent some of our most liberal Members and some of our most conservative Mem-bers. The fact that we could agree on how to take that step made a big dif-ference, and that is one reason we will succeed this afternoon in passing the bill. 
So we found a consensus not only on 
the urgent need to fix No Child Left Behind but on how to fix No Child Left Behind, and the consensus is this: con-tinue the law’s important measure-ments of academic progress of students but restore to States, school districts, classrooms, teachers, and parents the responsibility for deciding what to do about improving student achievement. That theme runs through this bill. This change, in my opinion, should 
produce fewer tests and more appro-priate ways to measure students’ achievement. It is the most effective way to advance higher State standards, better teaching, and real account-ability. We have had a lot of talk about accountability during this debate, as we should have, and the Presiding Offi-
cer, as I was, having been a Governor, watched over the last 15 years how States have become better prepared in dealing with student achievement, how they worked together to create higher standards State by State, worked to-gether to create better assessments, tests State by State, and now work to-gether to create better accountability State by State. 
This bill is a recognition of that 
preparation by the States and recogni-tion also as the New York Principal of the Year said in a letter to us, that people closest to the children cherish their children, and we should not as-sume that just because we have flown to Washington, DC, for the week that suddenly we are so much wiser about what to do about children in 100,000 public schools and cherish the children more than the classroom teachers and the parents and the school board mem-bers and the community and the legis-lators and the Governors who are clos-er to them than we are. 
The next step, if we are successful 
this afternoon, is to go to a conference with the House. I have had numerous discussions with Chairman K
LINE at 
the House of Representatives. We have been on parallel paths. We know better than to try to make our institutions do exactly the same thing—that defies human nature—but we can commu-nicate and stay in touch with each other, and our bills are not that dif-ferent. The committee members are fa-miliar with the bill. There are some important differences, and we will have to work those out, but our goal, if we succeed today, is to take the bill passed by the House, put it together with the Senate bill, produce a con-ference report, and send it to the desk of President Obama in a form he will be comfortable signing. 
I believe the President also sees the 
need to fix No Child Left Behind. He knows there is confusion and anxiety in most of our 100,000 public schools that need to be settled, and we hope we have come up with a version of the bill that while it wouldn’t be the bill he would write if only he were writing it— and as Senator M
URRAY said, it is not 
the bill she would write if only she were writing it, and it certainly would not be the bill I would write if only I were writing it, but we had a consensus we needed to come to. Why do we need a consensus? Because that is how to govern in a complex society. 
I first came to the Senate at a young 
age in the late sixties, and I watched Everett Dirksen, the Republican lead-er, and President Johnson, the Demo-cratic President, work together to produce the civil rights legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.007 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5139 July 16, 2015 
That was more difficult than this—al-
though this has been pretty difficult. It took 68 votes to get cloture at that time, and they did that. It was only be-cause they had a consensus. Senator Russell from Georgia, who had opposed the civil rights bill, went home to Georgia the next day and said: It is the law of the land. We need to support it. 
The way to govern a complex country is through consensus, and the agency of our government that is the only agent for encouraging and achieving consensus is the U.S. Senate. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for creating an environment where we could do that. 
Senator M
CCONNELL has done that by 
putting the bill on the floor, giving us enough time to have amendments, and having a policy of encouraging amend-ments so Senators on both sides can have their say, both on the committee and on the floor. There have been more Democratic amendments considered and adopted than Republican amend-ments, and that is appropriate. Senator C
ORNYN , Senator T HUNE , Senator B AR-
RASSO on this side of the aisle have 
been very helpful. 
I have several times thanked the 
Democratic leader Senator R EID. He 
has helped to create an environment that permitted this to move in an or-derly fashion. We basically conducted the end of the consideration of this bill by unanimous consent. Enough Sen-ators had a chance to have their say that they agreed by unanimous consent that we can consider these amend-ments and only these amendments in a certain way, with a certain amount of time, and go all the way through to the end. That is a very good way to operate the Senate, and the Democratic leader made that possible, first by allowing the bill to come to the floor without a cloture vote and by working with us as we went through it, and Senator S
CHU-
MER and Senator D URBIN , who along 
with Senator M URRAY are part of the 
Democratic leadership, have done the same. 
Senator V
ITTER , Senator L EE, Sen-
ator T OOMEY , and Senator B URR have 
all stepped back a little bit on things they would like to do—so did Senator F
RANKEN and so did Senator C ASEY on 
that side of the aisle. In other words, a number of Senators exercised restraint to permit us to work toward a result. In a body that operates by unanimous consent, that is absolutely essential. So this has been a good process. 
We have six more amendments this 
morning, and we look forward to debat-ing those and acting on them. At 1:45, hopefully, we will have a big vote in favor of fixing No Child Left Behind, reflecting the consensus that will keep the important measurements of stu-dent achievement, but we will turn back and restore to the State and local governments the responsibility for what to do about the results of those tests. That is the consensus in this bill that survived very well through the committee process and through the amendments so far, and I expect it to 
survive through the rest of the day. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2180 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Cruz amendment No. 2180. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, there are a 
number of Members of this body who in good faith are moving forward to re-duce the Federal burdens on States, on teachers, on education. Yet at the end of the day, this bill still mandates spe-cific testing requirements. This amend-ment is a straightforward amendment to remove the testing mandates and to leave the substance of any testing that occurs to the States. 
This leaves power over choices in 
education in the hands of teachers, in the hands of school boards, in the 
hands of States, in the hands of govern-ment that is closest to the people. We have seen with the bipartisan objection to Common Core that the last thing we need in education is unelected bureau-crats in Washington dictating what is being taught to kids at home. This amendment simply takes out the Fed-eral mandates and empowers teachers, school boards, and parents to control the education of their own children. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. This is the report card. The Fed-eral Government is saying: We will give you $23 billion, and all we are ask-ing in return is that you, State, write a test; that you, State, figure out what the accountability system is and you report it to the parents and the public. 
That would mean a third grader, for 
example, would take two tests a year. Each test would be about 2 hours. So it is a State test, a State assessment. In our Alexander-Murray bipartisan bill, we keep what works in No Child Left Behind, which is the report card, but we get rid of what does not work, and we give back to States responsibility for determining student achievement. This is the consensus that supports this bill. 
Keeping the important measure of 
student achievement is essential to maintaining that consensus. So if you want to get rid of the Common Core mandate, get rid of the waivers for 42 States, reverse the trend to a national school board, vote no and keep the re-quirement for important measures of student achievement, which are State tests. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2180. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 40, 
nays 58, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 242 Leg.] 
YEAS—40 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Grassley 
Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch 
Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Nelson 
The amendment (No. 2180) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2177 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Sanders amendment No. 2177. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
applaud President Obama for visiting a Federal penitentiary today to high-light the fact that, tragically, the United States has more people in jail than any other country on Earth. One of the reasons we have so many people in jail is that we have an obscenely high level of youth unemployment: for young White kids, 33 percent; for His-panic kids, 36 percent; for African- American kids, 51 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jul 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.008 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5140 July 16, 2015 
The time has come for us to begin in-
vesting in jobs and education for our kids, not jails and incarceration. This bill, over a 2-year period, would create 2 million jobs for our young people. It is paid for by closing the carried-inter-est loophole that allows billionaires to pay a lower tax rate than working class Americans. 
It is high time we addressed this 
issue of high youth unemployment. I ask for bipartisan support. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
the five remaining votes will be 10- minute votes. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, No. 1, because 
this proposal is unconstitutional. You cannot start a tax increase in the Sen-ate. It has to start in the House. No. 2, we already have three workforce pro-grams that we created just last year: Jobs Corps, the youth bill, and dis-located workers. No. 3, it is a big tax increase. So because it is a big tax in-crease, because it is duplicative of ex-isting programs, and because it is un-constitutional, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 43, 
nays 55, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 243 Leg.] 
YEAS—43 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton 
Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe 
Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse 
Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis 
Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Nelson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2243 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Coons amendment No. 2243. 
The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Madam President, the 
bipartisan amendment I am offering today with Senator R
UBIO—and I am 
grateful to Senator G ILLIBRAND for co-
sponsoring—this American dream ac-counts amendment is about one thing: giving every child the chance to go to college if they are willing to work hard for it. Time and again, we have seen in this country what kids can achieve when they know their dreams are pos-sible. That is what this amendment and the American dream accounts help solve, ensuring that every child knows a college education is possible. 
The American dream accounts en-
courage partnerships in 10 demonstra-tion sites to develop secure, Web-based student accounts that develop informa-tion about each student’s literacy and academic preparedness and then ties it to high-impact mentoring and a college savings account. 
I myself have seen over the years of 
working with the national ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Foundation how sending the message to our kids that college is a real possibility for them can make a powerful impact, from elementary school, to middle school, to high school, to college, and it has an impact that changes their behavior and their outcomes in school. 
American dream accounts are a bi-
partisan idea whose time has come. I urge my colleagues to support it with a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
if I could have the attention of Sen-ators, we have four more votes before lunch. It is 11:40 a.m. What we would like to do is to have 10-minute votes. So if Senators will stay on the floor, we will have 10-minute votes or come as close to that as we can. 
Madam President, this is an inter-
esting idea, but it belongs in the High-er Education Act, which we are about to take up in our committee, and here is why: It duplicates two existing Fed-eral programs called Gear Up and TRIO. 
No. 2, we already have $30 billion of 
tax credits that we spend. This in-volves more tax credits. We already spend $30 billion. We should calculate the advantages of this program, along with the $100 billion of loans we make, 
the $35 billion of Pell grants we make, the $30 billion of tax credits we have, and see where it fits into that. The time to do that is in the next big bill we have from our committee, which is the reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. COONS. Madam President, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time remaining. 
Mr. RUBIO. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 68, 
nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 244 Leg.] 
YEAS—68 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray 
Peters Reed Reid Risch Rubio Sanders Sasse 
Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—30 
Alexander 
Barrasso Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Grassley Hatch Heller Isakson Lankford Lee Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Roberts Rounds Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Nelson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2247, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Burr amendment No. 2247, as modified. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.011 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5141 July 16, 2015 
The Senator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, in 1965, 
President Lyndon Johnson, when the ESEA was passed, said this: Financial assistance to school districts serving areas with concentrations of children of low income should be the target of it. We have never successfully targeted all of those kids in poverty. 
Let me say to my colleagues, if your 
State is in red, your poor students lose under the current formula. 
Now, we have come to a compromise, 
and though I don’t think it reflects the 
best policy, compromise is at the heart of this institution. Therefore, with $14 billion worth of appropriations in title I-A today, this new formula would not take place until we have reached $17 billion, meaning for the next years— probably 10 based upon historical num-bers—there would be no change in the distribution in any States. But after that point, this body, for once—for the first time in 50 years—would have the money follow kids in poverty, rep-resented by the red States we see on this map. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. It is the right thing to do. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask that 30 seconds of my time be yielded to the Senator from Ohio. 
I oppose this amendment. I thank the 
Senators from Tennessee, Washington, and North Carolina for making it less onerous. We did come to a compromise. As he said, it starts at $17 billion, but there is still a major fallacy here. 
When we change formulas, we have 
always held harmless the States that would lose money, but we have been able to increase money. In this bill, we don’t. We keep it flat. So we are rob-bing Peter to pay Paul, which will be an awful precedent which will bite every one of us. 
Second, my good friend said the 
money should go to people from pov-erty, but they also voted against the Merkley amendment, which required the money to go to people in poverty, and now it can go anywhere. 
So I respectfully urge my colleagues 
to oppose this amendment, although it is improved from the original. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
appreciate the fact that we have de-layed the impact of this, but the im-pact is still severe. In my State and many other States, we will see a sig-nificant cut. 
Do my colleagues know what it is? It 
is telling States that if you invest in children, you are going to be penalized. 
This legislation, the underlying bill, 
is about helping our children succeed. Yet, in this amendment, we are actu-ally telling States that if you help your kids succeed, you are going to be penalized under a new formula. It is not part of the bill that came out of committee. It is not part of the under-lying bill. So I urge my colleagues to vote no on 
this amendment and ensure that the States that are helping our kids con-tinue to be able to do so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 39, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 245 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson King Klobuchar Lankford McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski 
Murray Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall 
Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—39 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coons Durbin Fischer Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Johnson Kaine Kirk Leahy Lee Manchin Markey Menendez Mikulski Murphy Peters Portman 
Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Stabenow Toomey Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Nelson 
The amendment (No. 2247), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to engage in a brief colloquy with my colleagues from the State of Tennessee and the State of Washington for no more than 2 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
As we stated, some of us had serious 
objections to changing the formula, but thankfully the modified amend-ment follows in a tradition of com-promise. And I appreciate my col-
leagues from Tennessee, Washington, and North Carolina working on it. As a result, we will continue to abide by the ‘‘do no harm’’ principle. New York’s funding will not be cut, and neither will the funding in any of the other 13 States that would have been cut by the original amendment. We will not pun-ish schools unfairly by using a formula that creates winners and losers. This takes the idea of losing school districts off the table. So, again, I would like to thank my colleagues for working with me to ensure that our students in New York and the 13 other States do not start the next school year at a dis-advantage with fewer school resources. 
The title I changes we have agreed to 
reflect our commitment to increasing funding and supporting funding for low- and moderate-income students. I appreciate the commitment my col-leagues from Tennessee and Wash-ington have made, and I would like to confirm those here on the floor. 
I would ask my dear friend Senator 
A
LEXANDER —I would like you to con-
firm your commitment to maintain this title I funding proposal which we just passed which is contained in amendment No. 2247, as modified— when the Senate and House convene a conference, that we will not go any lower than this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I would say through the Chair to the distinguished Senator from New York and the Senator from Illinois and the Republican Senators who are inter-ested in this that the answer to Sen-ator S
CHUMER ’s question is yes, that 
my commitment is to work—to keep the Senate decision in conference. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, re-
claiming the floor, I would just ask my dear friend from the State of Wash-ington whether she concurs in that statement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, 
through the Chair to the Senator from New York, I will work in conference to keep the commitment of this amend-ment. 
Mr. DURBIN addressed the Chair. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
yield to my friend from Illinois. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be given 1 more minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I yield that minute 
to the Senator from Illinois. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank my friend and 
colleague from New York. 
Madam President, the original core 
amendment would have cost Illinois $180 million in title I funds—$68 million cut to Chicago Public Schools. It was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.014 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5142 July 16, 2015 
unconscionable. It would have been 
devastating. They have so many low- income students. I am glad there is a better approach now. 
I hope the title I funding will reach 
$17 billion soon. It is currently at $14.4 billion, and it has been at that level roughly for the last 5 years. 
I thank my colleagues from Ten-
nessee and Washington for affirming that they are going to stand behind this protection during the course of the conference committee. 
I would like to commend the leaders 
of the HELP Committee for working with Senators to reach an agreement on Senator B
URR’s proposal to rewrite 
the formula for distributing title I edu-cation dollars to the States. 
Title I is the single largest source of 
Federal funding for elementary and secondary education. It helps States and districts offer the kind of teachers and extra services that help low-in-come students learn and succeed in school. 
The Burr amendment we just voted 
on would change the way those dollars are distributed and would hurt low-in-come students in Illinois—based in part on the fact that Illinois spends more per pupil on elementary and secondary education than the national average. That is neither fair nor good policy. 
The original Burr amendment would 
have cut Illinois’ title I funding by $180 million next year. Every district in the State receiving title I funds would have seen a cut. With the modifications we were able to work out, Illinois’ stu-dents won’t be hurt until title I fund-ing at the Federal level reaches $17 bil-lion a year. 
While I hope Federal title I spending 
would reach $17 billion soon, is cur-rently at $14.4 billion and has remained around that level for the last 5 years. Looking at history and understanding the fiscal challenges in Congress, it is unlikely that Illinois’ title I allocation would be impacted by the new formula during the 5-year lifespan of this au-thorization bill. 
I am concerned, however, that the 
agreement we reached in the Senate could be undermined during conference negotiations with the House. I ask the leaders of the committee, through the Chair, for their assurance that the title I formula will not be further altered in conference. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2100 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Brown amendment No. 2100. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, the 
Brown-Manchin amendment expands the full-service community schools model to schools across the country. Community schools are different from Promised Neighborhoods—two different approaches to what is a complex set of challenges. Community schools start with a focus on the school, engage partners in joint efforts to improve 
student achievement and development, and in the process work to strengthen family and community. 
Madam President, I yield the remain-
der of my time to Senator M
ANCHIN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, all 
of us have challenged areas in our States. I have a county—one of the poorest counties in the country is McDowell County. These children have no chance whatsoever. It has the abso-lute worst statistics any child could be living in. And it is because of these programs that are bringing the com-passion of public-private partnerships that we are able to work through to re-establish the services these children won’t get. The areas are so sparsely populated, and there is high unemploy-ment. 
I would encourage all of you to sup-
port this amendment. It continues the program. It is worthwhile. We have McDowell County now with 125 public- 
private partnerships that we would not have, and these children will not have a chance without them. I encourage your support. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote because States may already do what the amendment says they can do in this new program. There is money in titles I, II, and IV to do that. All this does is take money away from existing programs and give it to a new program which States, if they choose, can already do. 
Second, we are approving today an 
almost identical program called Prom-ised Neighborhoods which the Center for American Progress recommended Congress consolidate with the program this amendment would authorize and create. So we are creating two pro-grams that do the same thing in the same day. In addition, the Education Department Secretary for the Obama administration said Promised Neigh-borhood in full-service community schools are much more similar than different. 
So we need to stop this business of 
doing well-intentioned programs. One well-intentioned program is enough. We don’t need to create two that do the same thing. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 246 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Fischer 
Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—44 
Alexander 
Barrasso Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Flake 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2100) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
for the information of Senators, this is the last vote before lunch. We will have two votes beginning at 1:45 p.m., a clo-ture vote and the vote on final passage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2242 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the Casey amendment No. 2242. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, this 
amendment focuses on the link be-tween learning and earning. We know that if we invest in our children in pre-kindergarten education, they will learn more now and earn more later. It is a State-Federal partnership. It is paid for. It focuses on 4-year-olds. Three million 4-year-olds in the country will benefit from high-quality early learn-ing. 
The best testimony about this issue 
comes from parents. Beth in south-western Pennsylvania said—talking about an early learning program in Pennsylvania: Her daughter couldn’t write any of her letters or even recog-nize them. Now she’s improved so much since the first day of class. 
And then Megan in southeastern 
Pennsylvania said: When her son came into this program, he was shy and had very little verbal communication. He now talks nonstop and loves hearing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.016 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5143 July 16, 2015 
That is why we need this amendment 
to pass. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Casey amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The amendment is unnecessary be-
cause the Federal Government already spends $22 billion on early childhood education through 45 programs. States spend money through the title I pro-gram on early childhood education. Our underlying bill has an important amendment on early childhood, fash-ioned by Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ISAKSON , to spend that money more ef-
fectively. 
This proposal has a familiar ring. It 
is like a Medicaid mandate, States would pay 40 percent. It is like a na-tional school board, the Federal Gov-ernment would define teacher salaries, class size, staff-child ratios, and profes-sional development. It is a national school board for 4-year-olds. That is the reverse of what we want to do in this bill. 
Another familiar ring is it would be 
Common Core for kindergarten, so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 247 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats 
Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller 
Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from South Dakota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2232 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I wish to 
make just a quick couple of comments on an amendment that I appreciate the floor managers, Senators A
LEXANDER  
and M URRAY , agreeing to accept by 
voice vote. It deals with an issue that is really important to my home State. 
This amendment would expand the 
authorized use of Project School Emer-gency Response to Violence—what we call Project SERV—grants to include violence prevention. 
Currently, Project SERV funds are 
used to restore the learning environ-ment by addressing the disruptive ef-fects of a traumatic crisis or event. However, these funds cannot be used to fund violence prevention activities, such as afterschool programs, men-toring, anger management or skills- building programs. 
My amendment would permit a lim-
ited and focused expansion of Project SERV to permit prevention activities as part of the efforts to restore the learning environment in cases where there is a continued risk of disruption. This would better tie prevention to a crisis or trauma that has already oc-curred and better restore and preserve the learning environment in cases such as the tragic suicide crisis in Indian Country or gang violence. 
For example, on South Dakota’s Pine 
Ridge Indian Reservation alone, two high school and two middle school age students have committed suicide just since December. My amendment would help give these areas of crisis addi-tional flexibility in restoring our schools to safe and positive environ-ments. 
I have worked closely with Chairman 
A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY to keep this expansion limited so 
as not to detract from Project SERV’s current scope, and I appreciate very much their help and the Senate’s sup-port. 
Mr. President, I now ask unanimous 
consent that following the disposition of the Warren amendment No. 2249, all postcloture time on the substitute amendment be yielded back; further, that the cloture vote on S. 1177 be at 1:45 p.m. today, and that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time, except for 4 minutes equally divided between Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , be 
yielded back; and following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on passage of S. 1177, as amended, if 
amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2082 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the 
Hatch-Bennet amendment amends the early learning grant program to allow States to use Pay for Success Initia-tives to improve the quality and co-ordination of the State’s system of early learning and care services. My home State of Utah has the first-ever pay for success program designed to ex-pand access to early childhood edu-cation for at-risk children. The Utah High Quality Preschool Program deliv-ers a high-impact, targeted curriculum that increases school readiness and academic performance among 3- and 4- year-olds. As children enter kinder-garten better prepared, fewer students will need to use special education and remedial services in kindergarten through 12th grade, allowing schools and States to save money. We should build on this success and empower other States to do the same. 
I should reiterate that this amend-
ment only allows government funds to be used if the program is successful, en-couraging effective use of taxpayer dol-lars. We should be allowing States to use their funding to encourage ground- up, evidence-based practices. I look for-ward to seeing meaningful results. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Hatch amendment No. 2082. 
The amendment (No. 2082) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2106 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Warren amendment No. 2106. 
The amendment (No. 2106) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2130 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Schatz amendment No. 2130. 
The amendment (No. 2130) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2186 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Murphy amendment No. 2186. 
The amendment (No. 2186) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2215, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Nelson amendment No. 2215, as modified. 
The amendment (No. 2215), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2222 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Manchin amendment No. 2222. 
The amendment (No. 2222) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2231 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Boozman amendment No. 2231. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.020 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5144 July 16, 2015 
The amendment (No. 2231) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2188 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Baldwin amendment No. 2188. 
The amendment (No. 2188) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2156 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Capito amendment No. 2156. 
The amendment (No. 2156) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2232 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Thune amendment No. 2232. 
The amendment (No. 2232) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2256 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the King amendment No. 2256. 
The amendment (No. 2256) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2240 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Schatz amendment No. 2240. 
The amendment (No. 2240) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2249 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Warren amendment No. 2249. 
The amendment (No. 2249) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, all postcloture time on the substitute amendment is yielded back. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2095 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Peters amendment No. 2095. 
The amendment (No. 2095) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2089, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the sub-stitute amendment, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 2089), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2249 
Mr. GARDNER Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Washington and the Senator from Tennessee for their leadership over the past several days—last week and this week—as we talk about the future of education in this country. I commend them for cre-ating a bill that takes away the Fed-eral Government’s mandates on cur-riculum and direction and makes sure we provide local control to school dis-tricts and teachers. 
As a father myself of a student who 
is going into the sixth grade, I have heard a lot about tests over the past several years, and I want to commend the leadership for making sure we are actually getting Congress out of the classroom. So I appreciate my col-leagues’ leadership. Today I want to talk about an 
amendment accepted in the education bill we are dealing with here today that deals with the use of title I funds for concurrent and duel enrollment programs at eligible schools through-out the country. 
According to the Georgetown Public 
Policy Institute, by 2020, 65 percent of the jobs available in the country today will require secondary education. In Colorado, that number is even higher. Again, by 2020, 65 percent of our jobs will require secondary education. In Colorado, that number is going to be greater. The Colorado Department of Education estimates it is not just 65 percent of the jobs that require a sec-ondary education in Colorado by 2020. It will actually be 74 percent of the jobs in our State that are going to re-quire some form of postsecondary edu-cation. 
Ensuring that our students have the 
skills necessary to excel in college and in the workforce is absolutely and by far and away the best way to address this concern so we can make sure that we are providing our students with suc-cessful futures. Concurrent enrollment and dual enrollment programs have a proven record of success in this arena. 
I was in the State legislature in Colo-
rado when we embarked on the first concurrent enrollment ideas that came out of the legislature and that have been greatly successful. But we know it is not just the anecdotes from Colo-rado, but it is the American Institutes for Research that finds that participa-tion in concurrent and dual enrollment programs reduces the number of stu-dents dropping out of high school, in-creasing a student’s likelihood of en-tering college, making sure they com-plete college, and getting through to a career. 
But our challenge today is that an 
astounding number of students need to take remedial courses when they enter college. Sitting down with junior col-lege leaders and community college presidents and talking to our univer-sities, they all tell stories about how many students come from high schools to their college or to their campus re-quiring remedial work in English or mathematics. 
According to a report by testing or-
ganization ETS, nearly one-half of U.S. millennials scored below the threshold that indicates proficiency in literacy, and two-thirds of U.S. millennials missed the cutoff mark in math pro-ficiency. 
Students are discouraged from con-
tinuing college when they are required to take courses—nobody wants to go on to college and take the same course— that you thought you had completed in high school. But concurrent and dual enrollment will help solve this problem by allowing students to participate in college-level courses, which, upon com-pletion, will ensure that these students are indeed proficient. 
Not only does concurrent and dual 
enrollment allow proficiency, but it al-lows students to get ahead of the curve 
and doing so while in high school. 
A study by the National Education 
Longitudinal Study found that concur-rent and dual enrollment participants were 16 to 20 percent more likely to complete a bachelor’s degree than their counterparts. Research shows that stu-dents who participate in concurrent and dual enrollment programs com-plete their degrees earlier than their counterparts as well. 
A study in 2010 by Kristen 
Klopfenstein, a Colorado native and graduate of the University of Texas, found that ‘‘the results of taking one or more concurrent or dual credit class tripled the likelihood of graduating from associate programs in three years in relation to students who did not take such courses who typically grad-uate in four years.’’ 
‘‘Dual enrollment participation was 
also positively correlated to com-pleting bachelor’s degrees in four and five years, relative to students who did not take such courses who typically take longer to graduate.’’ 
These are the types of programs that 
reward students for their hard work and prepare them for their college ca-reer and success. 
Many people recognize that courses 
that provide college credit are typi-cally taken by high-achieving students already on the path to college. A lot of college courses that we see are filled with people we knew were destined for college in the first place. But I think we have to talk about the times where that is not the case, where college courses were taken by people who per-haps never thought they had college in their future. I will share one such story today. 
We were visited in the office not too 
long ago by a young woman from Colo-rado who told her story about how con-current enrollment in Colorado really opened the doors to a college future and a college degree she never thought was possible. 
The community where I come from is not 
one that promises a bright future. I am from a low income area of Denver, CO, and we weren’t expected to go to college. 
I had always known I wanted to pursue 
higher education, but was nervous that I wouldn’t have the skills to succeed. 
Fortunately for me, because of concurrent 
enrollment I was able to get ahead in college for free. I graduated high school with all of my high school credits along with 15 credit hours of college credits. 
Concurrent enrollment has helped me in 
phenomenal ways. It gave me the confidence to know I had the capabilities to succeed in college. 
In addition, with the high cost of college I 
was able to save money. I am now a student at Colorado State University and made the Dean’s list this semester. 
I am on track to graduate early and it 
would never have been possible without the programs I participated in in high school. 
I want to spread the word so other students 
can benefit from concurrent enrollment the way that I have. Every young person who wants to go to college should have the oppor-tunity to attend, and I’m thankful I had the opportunity to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.025 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5145 July 16, 2015 
Those aren’t my words. Those are the 
words of a Coloradan whose future was made brighter by the fact that she was able to take advantage, while in high school, of college credit classes. 
Stories like this are why we have to 
make sure that, not just Coloradans, but everyone across this country, is able to use title I programs in the same beneficial manner. 
So the amendment we offered and 
that has been accepted, thanks to the work of Senator A
LEXANDER , our great 
chairman, and Ranking Member P ATTY  
MURRAY , would empower students to 
use these kinds of programs and would allow schools to use title I funds for concurrent and dual enrollment pro-grams, enabling students to simulta-neously receive college credit from courses taught by college-approved teachers in secondary education. It would allow eligible schools to use fifth-year program partnerships with institutions of higher education to allow students to participate in con-current enrollment in the year directly following their senior year of high school. 
Earning a postsecondary degree has 
become a prerequisite for jobs in the 21st century. Going back to the statis-tics that we shared in the very begin-ning, 74 percent of jobs in Colorado will require, by the year 2020, a postsec-ondary education degree. As we face more competition in the global work-place, as we face more competition abroad, we have to have the kinds of education and educational opportuni-ties that give the next generation of business leaders, innovators, and entre-preneurs the skills to succeed. 
I believe the concurrent and dual en-
rollment high school program not only gives them the types of skills they need while in high school but the op-portunity to further a college degree and perhaps, as in the story I shared earlier today from that young Colo-radan, the chance to go to college, the chance to receive a degree, and to prove they have that bright future. That is what this policy is about. That is what this amendment has been about. 
Again, I thank the chairman for the 
consideration and acceptance of the amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2222 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about a problem that each one of us—all 100 Senators— knows. In any gathering we go to, in our State or around the country, peo-ple are affected by drug abuse, whether legal or illegal. In our personal fami-lies, immediate families or extended families, we know somebody whose life is affected. 
So today I urge my colleagues to sup-
port a commonsense amendment that I have introduced to the Every Child Achieves Act that addresses an epi-demic that is devastating to my State and our country—and I know to the 
Presiding Officer’s State also—which is substance abuse. 
Communities across the country, in-
cluding many in my beautiful State of West Virginia, are seeing an alarming rise in substance abuse and addiction to legal prescription drugs. These are drugs we would find in the medicine cabinet of our home. 
West Virginia is No. 1 in overdose 
deaths—No. 1 in overdose deaths—due to drug abuse. 
We have seen over a 600-percent in-
crease in the number of people dying since 1999. Nationally, 21.6 million Americans are battling substance de-pendence or abuse. But as most of us know, we can’t truly understand sub-stance abuse by just listening to facts and statistics. It is one that can only be understood by hearing stories of those impacted. 
When I was Governor of the State of 
West Virginia, I traveled around the State, and I saw firsthand the effects that substance abuse can have. We tried to tackle many of these issues at the State level. But it is impossible. All of us have to be in this. 
But one of the most moving experi-
ences occurred during my first trip back to the Mountain State after be-coming a Senator. I traveled to the really beautiful little town of Oceana, WV. 
I went to Oceana Middle School, 
where I had expected to talk about the importance of receiving a good edu-cation and working hard to gain the necessary skills to be successful in the workforce. Instead, I heard personal stories from 11-year-olds who spoke candidly about the ways that drugs were tearing apart their families, their homes, and their community. 
As tears trickled down their faces, 
they shared how they rarely played outside because too many needles coat-ed the streets and drug deals often took place right in front of them. 
It is one thing to hear about 
overdoses and addictions from doctors, medical experts or police officers who deal with substance abuse cases every day. But I can tell you that it is an-other thing to sit across from an 11- year-old girl who is fighting through tears to describe how her family and her family life have been destroyed. 
Her father was hurt in the coal mines 
and gradually became addicted to pain-killers, causing her family to lose ev-erything. As I listened to her story, I couldn’t help but think that this young girl had to grow up so very fast and miss some of the pleasures of child-hood. 
That is why I am doing everything in 
my power to fight this national prob-lem. My commonsense bipartisan amendment with Senator A
YOTTE  
would simply require that, in States where this is a significant problem, the State education plan include a strategy for how the State will help local edu-cation agencies educate students who face substance abuse in their home. What we are saying is no child can be 
in a drug-infected home and have a normal childhood. They can’t have a normal learning experience in the school system. 
To be clear, it does not prescribe or 
require any particular response. We are not saying you have to do this. The States that wish to have this done can. It simply gives the States the flexi-bility to craft proposals that meet par-ticular local needs. 
That means if there is a child that 
basically needs extracurricular activ-ity, extra help, extra support, pre-school or afterschool, they are able to intervene and change the system that would meet the needs of that commu-nity. 
Substance abuse by parents and 
other caregivers can have a significant negative impact on the well-being of children, and it makes it more difficult for them to learn and thrive in schools, as we know. 
This amendment is a small step for-
ward toward addressing that problem. But it will encourage the States to consider solutions that will enable local schools and communities to bet-ter help these vulnerable children and 
ensure that every child is ready to learn. 
Our country, our States, our commu-
nities, our schools, and our children need us to take action to protect them from the devastation of substance abuse. 
I am often reminded of the five prom-
ises we as adults should make to every child. Colin Powell started this—the five promises—and my wife and I have adopted it when I was Governor. We still have a foundation. 
The first promise is that every child 
has to have a loving, caring adult in their life—a loving, caring adult and unconditional love. 
Second, every child should have a 
safe place. 
Every child should have a healthy 
start in life. 
Every child should have an education 
and have a skill set. 
The fifth promise is what we can’t 
teach. We can usually show it from ex-ample. Every child should grow to be a loving, caring adult and give some-thing back. 
If we don’t give children the chance 
to have that type of an experience and they know they don’t have a loving, caring adult, and they don’t have a safe place because the home has been ruined because of drug abuse, this is where we need to step in. If we are going to save a generation, this is where we do it. This is the frontline of defense today. 
The No. 1 thing that is killing our 
country is drug abuse, and it is basi-cally coming from prescription drugs. It starts with manufacturing. It goes down with the FDA putting all these lethal drugs on the market that we never had before. It goes down to dis-tribution and dispensing by doctors. Yet we don’t have any treatment cen-ters to cure people once they get into it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.028 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5146 July 16, 2015 
So I am asking all of you to please 
consider supporting this amendment. It is most reasonable, most responsible. It is not mandatory. It is optional. You can fit the needs and tailor this how-ever your community, your State or your county might need. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
JUSTICE FOR TULAROSA BASIN DOWNWINDERS  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, 70 years 
ago today, the first atomic bomb was exploded at the Trinity test site in New Mexico. For our Nation, it was the be-ginning of the nuclear age. For the residents of the Tularosa Basin, it was also the beginning—of great suffering, of generations of cancer and chronic illness. Seven decades later, their suf-fering continues and so does their fight for justice. 
Windows rattled hundreds of miles 
away. The people of Tularosa saw ra-dioactive debris fall from the sky, not knowing what it was. The fallout killed cattle, and poisoned water, food, and the air. The damage was done. The de-struction was real, and so is the sad-ness, disappointment, and anger. That is very real too. 
The Tularosa Basin Downwinders 
have not forgotten. They rightly ask that we not forget, either. 
I met with them and their families 
earlier this month in Tularosa, and they told me their stories, some of which I will share today. 
Henry Herrera was just 11 years old 
at the time of the blast. He is now 81. He remembers: 
I heard a very large blast and saw a very 
big flash of light. I got so scared I thought the world was coming to an end. 
He himself is a cancer survivor. He 
told me: 
I’m the only one alive to tell about it. Ev-
eryone else has died of cancer. 
Edna Hinkle recalled so many in her 
family that had cancer, one after the other—aunts, uncles, cousins, mother, sister, and herself. She said: ‘‘My old-est daughter . . . says it’s not a matter of if you get cancer, it’s a matter of when.’’ 
Marjie Trujillo told me that of nine 
members of her family, six have can-cer, and three died from it. The loss is tragic and so is the frustration. She said: ‘‘Many in our community feel our government has turned a deaf ear to our health issues.’’ 
I also heard from Virginia Duran. 
She was born in Tularosa in 1940 and lived on Padilla Lane. She told me that on the street where she lived, at least 10 people have had cancer. That is just one block. 
Many families from the Tularosa 
Basin know this loss and pain. Nora Foltz is 71 years old. She is the only sibling of five who doesn’t have cancer. Her sister, Helen Guerra, is 81 years old. Helen was diagnosed with kidney cancer 17 years ago. Helen’s daughter Lupe had multiple illnesses and chron-ic pain and died at the age of 62. There are so many stories—far too 
many stories—like this. As Gloria Her-rera said, the Tularosa community has ‘‘shed enough tears to fill a lake.’’ 
It was my privilege to meet with 
these survivors. Their stories are cou-rageous and troubling, but most trou-bling of all is the people who were not there, who were not able to speak, and those who have passed away over the last seven decades. We all speak for them now, and we will keep on speak-
ing until justice is done. 
The Tularosa Basin Downwinders 
Consortium is doing critical work. They are organizing the community, telling their stories, and making sure people listen and understand what hap-pened. Tina Cordova is one of the many great advocates who are dedicated, committed, and refusing give up. Tina summed up the feelings of many when she told me: ‘‘We were the unknown, unwilling guinea pigs in the world’s greatest experiment.’’ I agree with Tina and the members of the consor-tium. Theirs is a tragic story. They suffered so that we could develop bombs and win wars. That is why I have again pushed for legislation with my colleagues—Senator C
RAPO and sev-
eral others—to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act and finally recognize the Trinity site and include New Mexicans who have suffered for decades. They deserve justice, they de-serve compensation, and they are still waiting 70 years later. 
We can’t change the years that have 
passed, nor can we erase the years of illness and the pain endured by too many for too long, but fair compensa-tion will make a difference and will provide badly needed help. 
It took many years to create the 
original RECA Program. My father helped to lay the groundwork. He de-voted many years to fighting in the courts for men, women, and children who were sick because they had lived downwind during nuclear tests. They were exposed to dangerous radiation. They should have been helped but were ignored instead. 
I remember going with him to meet 
folks in St. George, UT, in 1978. I was just out of law school. There were about 40 or 50 survivors there. They loved their country and trusted their government. They were hesitant to speak out. They did not seek special treatment, but they were wounded peo-ple. Caught in the fallout of the nu-clear age, they had a right to be heard. My dad heard them, and he demanded that others hear them as well. He fought for them until the end of his life at 90 years old, first in the courts and then in the Congress. He worked with Senators Ted Kennedy and O
RRIN 
HATCH —an unlikely match if ever there 
were one—and they kept pushing. 
President H.W. Bush signed RECA 
into law 25 years ago in 1990. It was a bipartisan bill. It was driven by simple fairness and it was a historic step for-ward, but it left some folks behind, in-cluding the Downwinders in the Tularosa Basin. My dad would not give up, the fami-
lies he worked with would not give up, and we won’t give up either. Our bill expands the downwind exposure area to include seven States from the Trinity and Nevada test sites, and it also in-cludes Guam from the Pacific site. It would also allow compensation for post-1971 uranium workers and fund a critical public health study for those who live and work in uranium develop-ment communities. 
I will continue to push for this legis-
lation. It is the right thing to do, and we should get it done, which is why I will again join my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to the Judiciary Com-mittee to request a hearing on this im-portant bill. 
Many families in New Mexico have 
been hurt, and they worry there is more harm to come. When I was in Tularosa this month, I spoke with a woman named Louisa Lopez. Her hus-band has mantle cell lymphoma. They know at least 17 other people who have 
cancer or who have died from it. She said, ‘‘We fear passing this on to our children, future grandchildren, and other generations.’’ 
This weekend, there will be a candle-
light vigil in Tularosa. Folks will gath-er, as they do every year now. They will stand together as candles flicker in the warm New Mexico night. They will remember those who have been brought down by cancer and other radi-ation-related diseases. They will re-member those who have passed away. They will remember that a wrong was done and has yet to be righted. And they will offer prayers and support for those who continue to struggle. 
Rosemary Cordova told me in 
Tularosa: 
We can’t bring back those we’ve lost, but 
we can support those still suffering. All we’re asking is that our government face up to the wrong that has been done . . . that someday soon our government will do what should [have] been done long ago. 
It takes courage to speak out. It 
takes courage to speak truth to power. These folks are heroes, and on this 70th anniversary, I want to say to them: Thank you. Thank you for making your voices heard. Thank you for mak-ing your stories known. And thank you for refusing to give up. I will not give up, either. Together, we will keep working for fairness, and the day will come when we can stand together in Tularosa and light the candles of re-membrance and finally say justice has been done. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ator from Tennessee, Mr. C
ORKER , and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.029 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5147 July 16, 2015 
be permitted to engage in a short col-
loquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SHOOTING IN CHATTANOOGA  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
details are still coming in, but earlier today, between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m., there was a violent attack in Chat-tanooga, where Senator C
ORKER was 
once mayor. Right now Federal, State, and local officials are responding in Tennessee. 
I am deeply disturbed by the reports. 
We understand that the shooting took place at the Naval Reserve Center in Chattanooga and that a police officer has been injured. We also understand that other individuals at the Naval Re-serve Center may have been injured as well. Many local businesses, schools, and hospitals are locked down. 
I have been in touch with Federal, 
State, and local officials and will con-tinue to monitor the situation closely. My thoughts and prayers are with all of those involved. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I wish 
to join our senior Senator in expressing our deep sorrow for those who have been affected and extending our thoughts and prayers to the families. Details are still emerging. We believe this took place in multiple locations, and I know the local representatives there are dealing with this effectively as they move ahead. 
I thank the Senator for having us 
take the time right now to express our sorrow and support for those who are dealing with this issue. I hope those who were injured will survive and end up having full lives, but we know some people were tragically injured. I appre-ciate the reach-out that has taken place at the local, State, and Federal level to ensure that we are aware of what is occurring. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
CHARTER SCHOOL AUTHORIZING LANGUAGE  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with Senator A
LEXANDER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FLAKE. As the Senate prepares 
to vote on the Every Child Achieves Act, I wish to commend Senator A
LEX-
ANDER for working with me to include 
language regarding charter school au-thorizers in the substitute amendment language. 
A charter school authorizer is an en-
tity approved by the State legislature and is responsible for establishing charter schools’ academic and account-ability standards, among other things. State charter laws vary from State to State in regards to how and to whom authorizers are subject to account-ability. For example, a State with independent or multiple authorizers gives entities other than local edu-cation boards or the State board, the authority to approve charter schools. These entities are typically outside the traditional education structure of a state and can include independent, statewide charter school boards, or col-
leges and universities. According to the Center for Education Reform, ‘‘there is a direct correlation between States with multiple authorizers and higher student achievement.’’ Out of 44 State laws, 21 States have created inde-pendent authorizers. 
The language in the underlying 
Every Child Achieves Act encouraged States applying for grants to Support High-Quality Charter Schools (Sec. 5103) to establish authorizing standards of an authorized public chartering agency, despite the fact that some States don’t have any explicit author-ity over charter school authorizing. This language didn’t take into consid-eration the variation of State by State authorizing structures for charter schools and required that the Federal Government, not States, dictate how and what charter authorizing agencies must do to demonstrate success. In ad-dition, subjecting charter schools to the same rules governing traditional public institutions would make them identical to the very entities that char-ter schools were meant to provide an alternative to. 
The language that Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and I worked with, and ulti-
mately included in the substitute, rec-ognizes that some States have elected to use multiple or independent author-izers and ensures that those States don’t have to add an additional layer of bureaucracy to receive grants under the Every Child Achieves Act. 
This bill goes a long way in recog-
nizing that Washington cannot be a na-tional school board, and that is why it is imperative that the Federal Govern-ment continue to encourage States to determine their own authorizing stand-ards and learn what works best for their students. 
The Center for Education Reform, a 
leading organization promoting charter education supported the language in the substitute explaining ‘‘. . . Charter schools are public schools, which are free from many onerous rules but ac-countable for performance to their au-thorizers, which vary State by State. The substitute ensures respect for those individual differences State by State as well as the hard work they are doing to ensure the proliferation of quality schooling option for all chil-dren.’’ 
I commend Chairman A
LEXANDER for 
his hard work on this legislation, and for working with me to ensure States, not the Federal Government, are deter-mining charter authorizing standards. 
Senator ALEXANDER. Mr. Presi-
dent, I thank Senator F
LAKE for his 
hard work to ensure that charter schools and their authorizers continue to operate with the flexibility needed for them to thrive. Charter schools are public schools that provide more choices for parents to improve their children’s future and more freedom for teachers and principals to increase the academic performance of their stu-dents. The Every Child Achieves Act supports charter schools in many ways 
by solidifying Federal support for ex-panding and replicating high-quality charter schools with a demonstrated record of success, giving States more flexibility to invest in new school mod-els and encouraging them to strength-en charter school authorizing prac-tices. The language championed by Senator F
LAKE will promote quality 
charter authorizing activities without imposing layers of Federal bureaucracy and structures that are incompatible with State practices and laws. As we fix a law that has effectively resulted in 100,000 public schools being con-trolled by a National School Board in the U.S. Department of Education, it is important to recognize the variance in State laws governing charter schools and empower States to determine their own quality standards. 
Today, nearly 2.9 million students—6 
percent of U.S. public school students— were enrolled in approximately 6,700 
charter schools, and just over the past year, charter school enrollment has grown by over 14 percent, or an addi-tional 348,000 students. I commend Sen-ator F
LAKE on his actions to strength-
en the program and to promote better State charter school policies and ac-tivities that help high quality charter schools continue to grow and flourish. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2161 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, when 
all students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our future workforce. Our country grows stronger. We em-power the next generation of Ameri-cans to lead the world. We create more opportunities for more families, and we help the economy grow from the mid-dle out, not the top down. 
But today, across the country, stark 
educational inequalities exist. The stu-dents in some schools simply don’t have the same opportunity to graduate college-and-career ready like other stu-dents do. In our country, all students should have access to a quality public education, no matter where they live, how they learn, or how much money their parents make. 
So that is why I am glad our bipar-
tisan bill to fix No Child Left Behind has Federal protections to hold schools accountable for educating all students. And I will continue to fight for strong-er protections as the bill moves for-ward. 
But educating all students is a tall 
order if schools don’t have the very re-sources that help students succeed. That is why it is so important to make sure States address inequalities in re-sources. Senators K
IRK, REED, BALD-
WIN, and B ROWN offered a bipartisan 
amendment that would help schools and States address persistent inequal-ities in resources and opportunities. I strongly urged my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Students do better in school when 
they have access to a well-rounded edu-cation. That includes rigorous coursework that helps prepare students for a college curriculum. It includes of-fering classes like arts, music, physical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.030 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5148 July 16, 2015 
education, and STEM education. It in-
cludes setting up effective school li-brary programs that can inspire in kids a love for reading. Those classes and those programs create a school envi-ronment where students can learn and thrive. 
But too many students across the 
country do not have access to those critical resources. And too often, it is students of color, kids with disabil-ities, English-language learners, and students from low-income backgrounds who have the least access to resources that can help them get ahead. 
Take experienced teachers, for exam-
ple. Students of color are more likely to have a teacher who is new to the profession. These students often don’t have access to advanced classes and classes like art and music. Students of color are more likely than their White peers to go to a high school that does not offer AP classes. In fact, 20 percent of African-American high schoolers go to a high school that does not offer AP classes. And in 2008, White students were twice as likely to have access to arts education as African-American and Hispanic students. 
The same inequality exists for access 
to technology. Students from low-in-come backgrounds often don’t have ac-cess to the Internet or to computers, compared to their peers. A study from Stanford University put this into sharp focus. The researchers asked teachers if their students have the digital tools they need to effectively complete as-signments at home. More than half of teachers from more affluent schools said yes. But just 3 percent of teachers from high-poverty schools said their students had access to tools like com-puters and the Internet. 
All of this inequality holds students 
back. It widens achievement gaps. It robs students of the chance to learn and excel in the classroom. And we need to do something about it, so all students have the opportunity to learn. 
We have made important progress in 
the Every Child Achieves Act. Under the current bill, school districts will already be required to report on: access to safe and healthy school environ-ments, per-pupil expenditures, access to advanced coursework, the number of children enrolled in preschool, and teacher qualifications. And that is a good step in the right direction. 
But this bipartisan amendment 
would take the next step. First, it would expand the list of resource indi-cators to include things like access to art and music and dedicated school li-brary programs. And it would give States a choice on which resources will be the most meaningful in their com-munities. 
Most importantly, this amendment 
would help States remedy opportunity gaps across school districts. It does this by requiring States to create a plan to improve access to resources in the schools that lack those tools. And because the plans will be designed by the States and must include input from the communities, these plans will be 
tailored to fit the needs of local school districts. And States would be required to disaggregate the data on how re-sources are distributed by income, race, language proficiency, and dis-ability. That will shine a light on if some groups of students are not get-ting the kinds of opportunities as oth-ers. And it will help parents know which resources their local schools offer and where the gaps are. 
In short, this amendment will help 
strengthen our commitment to pro-viding a quality education to all stu-dents. This amendment is also impor-tant for another key reason. Of course, nearly everyone agrees that the cur-rent law, No Child Left Behind, is badly broken. And one of the main rea-sons is that it placed an almost sin-gular focus on test scores for reading and math. But test scores do not paint the whole picture of how a school is performing. 
This amendment would give parents 
and communities a more holistic view to determine if a school is providing a quality learning environment for all students. And most importantly, this will help States focus resources on tra-ditionally underserved populations so they will get the supports they need to succeed. 
Now, some of my Republican col-
leagues have argued that we don’t need this amendment because States and school districts should be responsible for solving resource disparities. But for too long, States and school districts have gotten off the hook for stark in-equality. That is why we have seen the persistent inequality of some schools simply not getting the resources they need to help their students succeed. And that needs to end. 
This amendment would not tell 
States how to address inequality. But it would require them to identify the disparities that exist and to create a plan to address them. That is why this amendment would be a good step in the right direction. 
I know that others have argued that 
simply reporting the disparities be-tween resources would be enough. But acknowledging the problem won’t nec-essarily solve the problem. And on something as important as ensuring that students have equal opportunities to succeed, we need action. And that is why I believe it is so important that this amendment would help States act to address inequalities. 
This isn’t just important for student 
success in the classroom. It has long- term implications for our country. When some students don’t have the chance to graduate from high school college-and-career ready, we lose out on the full potential of our Nation’s fu-ture workforce, entrepreneurs, and leaders. In the years to come, our econ-omy will rely on the students of today being able to take on and create the jobs of the 21st century economy. We can help States and school districts make sure all students have the re-sources that defines a quality edu-
cation by supporting this bill and this amendment. These resources are funda-mental to student success—in school and in the future. So I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment to address resources equity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2247, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
I wish to talk about my reasons for voting against Senator B
URR’s amend-
ment to change the title I formula and on cloture to cut off debate on the Every Child Achieves Act. 
The bill before us is not perfect, but 
it is a step in the right direction to-wards giving all kids a shot at quality education and fixing the failures of No Child Left Behind. I support a number of the provisions in this bill, including raising academic standards for stu-dents, supporting teachers with addi-tional development tools, and pro-viding resources to the lowest per-forming schools. 
However, the bill also includes an 
amendment offered by Senator B
URRto 
change the title I formula, which would drastically and negatively affect Mary-land. Every single school district in my State would have lost money. 
I could not let that happen. So I 
rolled up my sleeves and got to work. I formed a coalition with other Senators whose students—like mine—would lose under this amendment. The amend-ment was eventually changed. Now it says that any funds Congress appro-priates for title I above $17 billion will be subject to a new formula. Since title I is currently funded at $14.5 billion, the new formula will not kick in at any time soon and Maryland won’t lose any of its funds. 
I am happy that I saved Maryland 
from losing $40 million, but the lan-guage sets a terrible precedent. It pe-nalizes States that do right by their students and their schools. As the Sen-ator for Maryland, I can’t support any formula that could cause Maryland to lose Federal dollars in the future—even one labeled a ‘‘compromise.’’ As vice chairwoman of the Senate Appropria-tions Committee, I cannot support any disincentive to fully fund title I when additional funds would harm Maryland. 
As long as this amendment is in-
cluded, I cannot vote to move this bill forward and will vote no on cloture. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to voice my support for the Every Child Achieves Act. I would like to thank Senator A
LEXANDER and Sen-
ator M URRAY for their hard work on 
this legislation. This bipartisan bill of-fers an opportunity for real progress in educating our children. 
The Every Child Achieves Act takes 
an important step forward in updating the badly broken No Child Left Behind Act. This reauthorization is greatly needed to support Washington State’s students, educators, and families. Cur-rently in Washington, our schools must still comply with the original and most onerous requirements of No Child Left Behind since our flexibility waiver was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.069 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5149 July 16, 2015 
revoked in 2014. The Every Child 
Achieves Act would end the States’ need for waivers and provide them with greater flexibility to come up with state-led education plans. 
I have visited a number of schools in 
Washington and I have heard from so many of my constituents about the need to improve this law to better sup-port our Nation’s teachers and stu-dents. I am pleased that the Senate was able to have this important debate that is critical to our Nation’s progress. 
Today, we live in a global economy 
and our children are not only com-peting with other students in the United States but with students across the world. Therefore, I am particularly interested in science, technology, engi-neering, and math education to keep American students competitive in the 21st century. Washington State ranks first in the Nation in the concentration of STEM-related jobs, and it is essen-tial that we invest in our future work-force. 
The Every Child Achieves Act in-
cludes an important dedicated funding stream to support partnerships be-tween schools, businesses, universities, and nonprofit organizations to support student achievement and teacher train-ing in STEM subjects. I am a strong supporter of these partnerships and I am pleased that the bill also includes a provision with an emphasis on increas-ing access to STEM subjects for women, minorities, economically dis-advantaged students, and other groups that are frequently underrepresented in STEM subjects. 
Additionally, I am pleased that this 
bill includes a new competitive grant program championed by my colleague, Senator M
URRAY , to enable States to 
improve early childhood learning. I long have supported early childhood learning due to its importance to de-veloping young minds and intelligence. These grants would target resources for low- and moderate-income families. 
There are few programs more impor-
tant than early childhood education in preparing children to succeed. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Senator C
ASEY ’s Strong Start for America’s 
Children amendment, which I regret did not receive enough votes for adop-tion. This would have established a partnership between the Federal Gov-ernment and the States to fund high- quality kindergarten programs for low- and moderate-income families. 
Washington State has been on the 
fore-front of early education and since 2006, the Department of Early Learning has ensured that Washington students have access to high-quality learning opportunities, so that they are pre-pared for kindergarten and a successful school career. According to the Wash-ington State Department of Early Learning, there is clear and convincing science that early childhood is a crit-ical time for mental development. Economists and social scientists have found that for every $1 invested in high-quality early learning, at least $3 
are returned in reduced costs for reme-dial education, public safety, health care, and other social spending. I would call this a good return on investment. 
In closing, I would like to commend 
my colleague Senator M
URRAY for her 
leadership and for her steadfast com-mitment to ensure that STEM edu-cation and early childhood education were included in the Every Child Achieves Act. I was happy to partner with her on these efforts. I urge my colleagues to support these important investments in our Nation’s education system. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Is it time to vote? 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE VOTE 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure that every child achieves. 
Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Pat 
Roberts, Lamar Alexander, Cory Gard-ner, Steve Daines, Johnny Isakson, Susan M. Collins, Michael B. Enzi, Kelly Ayotte, John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Graham, John Hoeven, Bill Cassidy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on S. 1177, an origi-nal bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, as amended, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 79, 
nays 18, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 248 Leg.] 
YEAS—79 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Murkowski 
Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—18 
Blunt 
Booker Cardin Crapo Cruz Daines Gillibrand 
Lee Mikulski Moran Murphy Paul Risch 
Sasse Schumer Shelby Vitter Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 79, the nays are 18. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, there is 
now 4 minutes of debate equally di-vided between Senators A
LEXANDER  
and M URRAY . 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I first 
want to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER  
for working with me on the Every Child Achieves Act. He has been a great partner in getting us to this point with this bill. This process start-ed when he and I agreed that No Child Left Behind is badly broken and needs to be fixed. Our bill, the Every Child Achieves Act, is an important step for-ward to do just that. 
The current law overemphasized test 
scores. Our bill will give States flexi-bility to use multiple measures, not just test scores, to determine how well a school is performing. Our bill also eliminates the one-size-fits-all provi-sions of No Child Left Behind that have been so damaging for our schools and our districts. Instead, it allows our communities, our parents, and our teachers to work together to improve schools and ensure that every child can get a well-rounded education. 
Our bill maintains Federal protec-
tions to help students graduate from high school with the tools they need to compete and lead in the 21st century economy. This is a good bill. I will keep working, of course, to make it better—even after our vote today—in conference. 
I hope we can continue to build on 
the Senate’s strong bipartisan work. I will continue to push to strengthen the accountability measures in our bill and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.026 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5150 July 16, 2015 
address inequality in schools. But 
today I urge my colleagues to vote to pass the Every Child Achieves Act that will give all students the chance to learn and grow and thrive. Let’s fix No Child Left Behind. Let’s prove that Congress can break through gridlock and work together. Let’s pass this bill for students, parents, teachers, and communities across the country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent for an extra minute if I need it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
Senator M
URRAY suggested we work on 
this in a bipartisan way. I took her ad-vice. It was good advice. This is the re-sult. We have had 100 amendments in committee and on the floor. We have had excellent process. I thank the ma-jority leader. I thank Senator R
EID, the 
Democratic leader, for creating an en-vironment to do that. 
Now, let me say this about the vote 
we are about to have. This is a law that everybody wants fixed. We have a con-sensus on that. We have a consensus on how to fix it: keep the important meas-urements of academic achievement and turn the rest of it over to the States, to classroom teachers, and others who are closest to the children. That is what the Governors, that is what the super-intendents, that is what the teachers organizations have said to us. They want us to fix it. They support the way we are proposing to fix it. 
Now, in the last few years, we have 
created in this country, in effect, a na-tional school board. It has made it harder to have better teaching, harder to set higher standards, harder to have real accountability in the States. So we changed that. We reversed the trend toward the national school board. We end the common core mandate. We end the waivers that the U.S. Department of Education is using to run public schools. We end DC evaluating teach-ers. We end adequate yearly progress. 
Some are saying vote no because you 
should go further. Well, we had a chance to go further. We voted for the Daines amendment, the Scott amend-ment, and the Alexander amendment. That would have gotten us 90 percent of what we wanted. We got about 45 votes, so we didn’t get anything. This gets us about 80 percent of what we want. A President named Reagan used to say: If you got 80 percent of what you wanted, you might take it and fight for the rest on another day. I am recommending we follow this advice. 
If we vote no today, that means we 
leave the Common Core mandate right where it is. That means the waivers are still running your schools. That means adequate yearly progress is determined from Washington, DC, not in your hometown, and that means Wash-ington, DC, is evaluating your teach-ers. Everybody wants this law fixed. If you vote no, we fix nothing. We fix 
nothing. So no means we haven’t fixed anything. So vote yes. Do what the Governors, do what the superintend-ents, do what the teachers say we ought to do. They all agree on that. This is the most important step in that direction we have had in 25 years. Let’s not miss the opportunity. Vote to re-store to the people closest to the chil-dren the responsibility for their edu-cation. Vote yes for local control of public schools. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 81, 
nays 17, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 249 Leg.] 
YEAS—81 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley 
Mikulski Murkowski Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—17 
Blunt Booker Crapo Cruz Daines Flake Lee 
Moran Murphy Paul Risch Rubio Sasse 
Scott Shelby Vitter Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Nelson 
The bill (S. 1177), as amended, was 
passed. 
(The bill, as amended, will be printed 
in a future edition of the R ECORD .) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ator from Washington and I be per-mitted to speak for as much time as we require. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
vote was 81 to 17. What that says to me and should say to the American people is that not only is there a consensus in this country that everybody wants to fix No Child Left Behind, that is the consensus we began with. Not only was there consensus in the Senate’s edu-cation committee about how to fix it— which was unanimous in a 22-member committee that includes Members who are about as diverse as you could find in the Senate—the entire Senate has a consensus on how to fix it. 
The Senator from Washington and I 
were just talking. This is a com-plicated piece of legislation. There are crocodiles in every corner, any of which could have made it difficult for this bill to succeed. For the Senate to take a look at the 100,000 schools in this country for the 50 million children and the 3.5 million teachers and say, ‘‘We hear you. We know you want to end the confusion, the anxiety, and the feeling that you are not in charge of your own children. We hear you. We have listened to you, and we have come up with a solution with which you agree’’—and that we voted by a vote of 81 to 17 is a remarkable event. 
So we have a remarkable consensus 
that No Child Left Behind needed to be fixed. We had a remarkable consensus on how to fix it in the committee. There are not many times on a bill this difficult and this encompassing that we have a consensus this remarkable—81 to 17—in the Senate. I mentioned in my earlier remarks the importance of the Senate in this way. 
Someone said the Senate is the one 
authentic piece of genius in the Amer-ican political system. The only claim we would have to that exalted descrip-tion would be that we are the only part of our government that is created for the express purpose of developing con-sensus. The House of Representatives is America’s sounding board. The country moves suddenly, the House moves sud-denly. Our job is to take all the dif-ferent points of view and to consult with each other and to see whether we can create the kind of consensus so that when people look at the Senate and see a result, they may say: Well, I am not sure I agree with every single thing they did, but if 81 Senators of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.037 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5151 July 16, 2015 
both parties—out of 100—believe this is 
the right way to fix No Child Left Be-hind, I will accept it. 
That is the way the civil rights bill 
was done in the 1960s and the 1970s. Large majorities—bipartisan groups— came to a complicated decision on a complex problem. The way you govern a complex country is by consensus, and the only agency in the government that is capable of creating that kind of consensus on a major piece of legisla-tion is the United States Senate. It has done that today, and I am very proud of my colleagues for the way they have done this. 
I especially thank the majority lead-
er for creating the time to deal with it. We took a little more than a week. We came on the floor a week ago Tuesday, so we didn’t really take that long. We got on and off the floor pretty quick. I also thank him for creating an environ-ment where we could adopt a lot of amendments. Senators are here to have their say whether or not we agree. Peo-ple of North Dakota expect that. Peo-ple of Texas expect that. Senator M
CCONNELL has created that environ-
ment. 
Senator C ORNYN , Senator T HUNE , 
Senator B ARRASSO , and the other lead-
ers on the Republican side have been an enormous help. 
I have during the week thanked the 
Democratic leader, Senator R
EID. Sen-
ator R EIDallowed this bill to come to 
the floor without delay. That helps a lot. During the week, he, Senator S
CHUMER , Senator D URBIN , and the 
other members of the Democratic lead-ership, along with Senator M
URRAY , 
created the environment where we could do what we have accomplished— especially Senator M
URRAY . I have 
often said that the reason we are here is because she suggested to me a way to go forward, a way to do this to-gether. She did that after both of us watched the last two Congresses where we just fell apart in the partisan dif-ferences. I took her advice—it was good advice—and that is why we are where we are today. I deeply respect the way she works toward a result. She is deep-ly passionate on the things she cares about, but she knows we are here to get a result, and that means in this case we need to work with the House of Rep-resentatives, which we will begin to do in the next few weeks. Then we will produce a bill and send it to the Presi-dent in a form he is comfortable sign-ing. 
There are a number of Senators who, 
because we are able to offer amend-ments on the floor, withheld their amendment or stepped aside because what they were doing might have interfered with our result. I think of Senator F
RANKEN on an amendment he 
feels powerfully about. He stepped aside and didn’t offer it in committee but waited until the floor. Senator V
IT-
TERstepped aside on an amendment he 
felt strongly about because he could bring it up in the Judiciary Com-mittee. Senator L
EE, Senator T OOMEY , and Senator B URR all did that. They 
showed some restraint in pursuit of a result. 
I thank those outside this Senate 
whose work was so important to us. There are a lot of remarkable things about this consensus, but none was more remarkable than what those out-side of the Congress thought. It is rare that you see the National Governors Association, the Council of Chief State School Officers, the American Associa-tion of School Administrators, the Na-tional Education Association, and the American Federation of Teachers all agree that not only did No Child Left Behind need to be fixed but that this was the way to fix it, and that made it easier to get a vote of 81 to 17. 
Finally, all of us in the Senate know 
how important staff work is. In this case, staffs have worked for days and days, and the trust Senator M
URRAY  
and I have developed is the same kind of trust they have developed. So I espe-cially thank David Cleary, who is the staff director of the education com-mittee, our HELP Committee, Peter Oppenheim, Lindsay Fryer, Lindsey Seidman, Liz Wolgemuth, Jim Jeffries, Margaret Atkinson, Bill Knudsen, Jor-dan Hynes, Steve Townsend, Hillary Knudson, Jake Baker, Kayla McMurray, Bobby McMillin, Matthew Stern, Diane Tran, Haley Hudler, Pat-rick Murray, and Allison Martin. 
On Senator M
URRAY ’s exceptional 
staff, I thank Evan Schatz, Sarah Bolton, Mike Spahn, Amanda Beau-mont, John Righter, Jake Cornet, Leanne Hotek, Allie Kimmel, Aissa Canchola, Ariel Evans, Aurora Steinle, Leslie Clithero, Sarah Cupp, Eli Zupnik, and Helen Hare. 
On the floor, I thank those who have 
the oil cans, Laura Dove and Robert Duncan, who keep this side greased and working, Gary Myrick on Senator R
EID’s side, Chris Tuck, Mary Eliza-
beth Taylor, Megan Mercer, Tony Hanagan, Mike Smith, and Chloe Barz. 
I would also like to thank the Senate 
Legislative Counsel’s staff who worked long hours on the bill and then on the amendments, so I would like to espe-cially thank Amy Gaynor, Kristin Ro-mero, and Margaret Bomba. 
We always rely on the experts at the 
Congressional Research Service to give us good information in a timely man-ner, so on behalf of the Committee I ex-tend our thanks to Becky Skinner, Jeff Kuenzi, Jody Feder, and Gail McCallion. 
On Senator M
CCONNELL ’s staff, I 
would like to thank Sharon Soderstrom, Don Stewart, Jen Kuskowski, Katelyn Conner, Erica Suares, John Abegg, Neil Chatterjee, and Johnathan Burks. 
On Senator C
ORNYN ’s staff, I thank 
Russ Thomasson, Monica Popp, Emily Kirlin, John Chapuis, and Michele Chin. 
I would also like to thank the fol-
lowing staff who played critical roles to help pass this important legislation. Dana Barbieri with the Republican Pol-icy Committee: Meghan Taira and 
Veronica Duron with Senator S
CHU-
MER; Dena Morris and Brad Middleton 
with Senator D URBIN ; Natasha Hick-
man and Chris Toppings with Senator B
URR; Josh Yurek with Senator R OB-
ERTS ; Tara Shaw and Kristin Chapman 
with Senator E NZI; Natalie Burkhalter 
with Senator P AUL; Bret Layson with 
Senator I SAKSON ; Katie Neil and Bill 
Castle with Senator H ATCH ; Katie 
Brown with Senator C OLLINS ; Karen 
McCarthy with Senator M URKOWSKI ; 
Cade Clurman with Senator K IRK; 
Lizzy Simmons, Will Holloway, and Daniel Bunn with Senator S
COTT; Pam 
Davidson and Chris Gillott with Sen-ator C
ASSIDY ; Josh Delaney and Julie 
Morgan with Senator W ARREN ; David 
Cohen with Senator S ANDERS ; Brenna 
Barber, and Chris Stavish with Senator W
HITEHOUSE ; Michael DiNapoli and 
Brian Moulton with Senator B ALDWIN ; 
Brent Palmer with Senator M IKULSKI ; 
Jared Solomon and Joe Hill with Sen-ator C
ASEY ; Boris Granovskiy and 
Gohar Sedighi with Senator F RANKEN ; 
Juliana Hermann with Senator B EN-
NET; Russell Armstrong with Senator 
MURPHY ; Aisha Woodward with Senator 
KING; David Cole with Senator M CCAIN; 
Sharon Burd with Senator F ISCHER ; 
Dana Richter with Senator C APITO ; 
Jordan Hess with the Republican Steering Committee; Christy Knese with Senator L
EE; Devon Brenner and 
Constance Payne with Senator C OCH-
RAN; Jennifer Bowman with Senator 
INHOFE ; Crystal Martinez with Senator 
FEINSTEIN ; Nancy Richardson and Viraj 
Mirani with Senator C OATS ; Desiree 
Mowry with Senator B LUNT ; Moira 
Lenehan with Senator R EED; Mary 
Blanche Hankey with Senator S ES-
SIONS ; Jessica-Phillips Tyson with Sen-
ator G RAHAM ; Jane Lucas and Jon 
Abdnor with Senator T HUNE ; Travis 
Johnson and Kate LaBorde with Sen-ator V
ITTER ; Daniel Auger with Sen-
ator A YOTTE ; Jennifer Humphrey and 
Toni-Marie Higgins with Senator B OOZ-
MAN; Mike Thomas with Senator 
CARDIN ; Robert Murray with Senator 
WICKER ; Brian Perkins with Senator 
MORAN ; Shawn Affolter with Senator 
HOEVEN ; Emily Bouck with Senator 
RUBIO; Sean Riley with Senator J OHN-
SON; James Mikolowsky and Ethan 
Saxon with Senator B LUMENTHAL ; Ra-
chel Green with Senator H ELLER ; Will 
Holloway and Daniel Bunn with Sen-ator S
COTT; Sarah Towles with Senator 
FLAKE ; Jonathan Elkin with Senator 
HIRONO ; Elizabeth Hill with Senator 
HEINRICH ; Jeff Murray, Andrew White, 
and Courtney Asbill with Senator C
RUZ; Clint Bowers with Senator 
HEITKAMP ; Chris Slevin and Ashley 
Eden with Senator B OOKER ; Curtis 
Swager and Alison Toal with Senator G
ARDNER ; Katherine Mayne with Sen-
ator L ANKFORD ; John Martin with Sen-
ator C OTTON ; Dan Gerig with Senator 
DAINES ; John Eustice with Senator 
PERDUE ; Joe Nolan with Senator 
TILLIS ; Peter Eckrich with Senator 
ROUNDS ; Tony Frye with Senator 
ERNST ; Alyene Senger and Andy Reuss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.058 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5152 July 16, 2015 
with Senator S ASSE, and Kate 
Wolgemuth with Senator S ULLIVAN . 
I also thank members of the edu-
cation community for their persistent help with this bill, including Mary Kusler with the National Education Association; Tor Cowan with the Amer-ican Federation of Teachers; Chris Minnich, Peter Zamora Carissa Moffat Miller, and Jessah Walker with the Council of Chief State School Officers. There are many others who have helped, but this is a day I am very proud of the Senate. For 50 million children, 3
1⁄2million teachers, and 
100,000 public schools, it is a big step forward. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
senior Senator from Tennessee, as he often does, has laid it out very well. I believe it is the case the U.S. Senate is the only legislative body in the world where a simple majority is not enough on almost everything. 
This body was crafted in a way that 
would ensure, unless one side has a really big majority, that we work to-gether, but it doesn’t automatically work unless you have leaders like Sen-ator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY  
who want to get a result. 
So I want to commend both these 
outstanding Senators for an extraor-dinary accomplishment. This is a sig-nificant bill for the country, and to fold all of these disparate interest groups, with all their separate agendas, into a position of support was an ex-traordinary leadership contribution. So I say to both of you, both the Senator from Washington and the Senator from Tennessee, the Senate is proud of you for what you did here. 
This is a good example for all the 
rest of us. On a little more contentious issue, Senator M
URRAY and I had a 
chance to work together on trade pro-motion authority. We hope to do that on highways. We hope to do it on cyber security. The Senate is back to work. I think Members on both sides appre-ciate that, and we are going to con-tinue to do this, but I thank both Sen-ators for providing a wonderful exam-ple for all the rest of us. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I re-
cently heard from a teacher in Seattle by the name of Lyon Terry. Over the course of his 17-year career, he has taught second, third, and fourth grade. What makes Mr. Terry a great teacher is the way he engages with his stu-dents. He starts the morning by play-ing songs on his guitar. He keeps his students laughing with jokes, and every day he tries to create an environ-ment where kids want to come to school. 
Last year, he was named Washington 
State Teacher of the Year for 2015. This week, Mr. Terry has been following our debate on the Senate floor, and he was truly hoping we would pass this bill be-cause he says the current law doesn’t 
reflect the work he and his fellow teachers at Lawton Elementary School are doing every day. 
So let me echo the words of the 
chairman of our committee and the majority leader. I am proud today that the Senate passed a bill to fix No Child Left Behind for teachers like Mr. Terry, for parents, for communities, and most importantly for our stu-dents—a bill to continue our mission of delivering on the promise of providing every child with the best our Nation can provide. 
I have been very proud to partner 
with Chairman A
LEXANDER on the 
Every Child Achieves Act, and I want to thank him tremendously for the suc-cessful bipartisan process we have had. I want to thank all our colleagues on the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions for their work and dedication in moving this bill forward. And, of course, I want to thank the staff as well—both my staff and the staff of Senator A
LEXANDER —for all of 
their hard work. They have worked many, many, many long days and late nights and weekends to get us to this point today. 
I will submit a full list of names 
later, but there are some staffers in particular I want to recognize. On Sen-ator A
LEXANDER ’s staff, I want to ac-
knowledge and thank his staff director David Cleary, as well as Lindsey Seidman, Peter Oppenheim, and Lind-say Fryer. They have done an excellent job. On my staff, I want to acknowl-edge and thank my staff director Evan Shatz, and my education policy direc-tor Sarah Bolton for their outstanding leadership, as well as Amanda Beau-mont, Leanne Hotek, Allie Kimmel, Aissa Canchola, Ariel Evans, Jake Cornett, Leslie Clithero, Aurora Steinle, Helen Hare, and Mary Robbins. Thank you for all of your hard work on this important bill. 
I, too, want to thank our floor staff 
on our side, Gary Myrick, Tim Mitch-ell, Tricia Engle, and all our floor staff—Republican and Democratic—for their help and guidance. We couldn’t be here without them. 
I want to take a step back for a mo-
ment to look at the work we have done so far and the work that remains even beyond the vote we had today. 
Of course, nearly everyone agrees No 
Child Left Behind is badly broken. That goes almost without saying. I have heard it from so many parents, teachers, and administrators in Wash-ington State—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. They are sick and tired of the broken law in front of us. They want Congress to fix it, and they do not want us to wait any longer. 
That is why I am so proud our bill, 
the Every Child Achieves Act, is a strong step in the right direction to fi-nally fix the broken No Child Left Be-
hind law and make sure all of our stu-dents have access to a high-quality public education. 
For one, our bill addresses high- 
stakes testing. The current law over-emphasizes test scores to measure how 
students are doing in school. Our bill will give flexibility to States to use multiple measures, not just test scores, to determine how well a school is per-forming. These steps will reduce the pressure on students, teachers, and parents so they can focus less on test prep and more on learning. 
Our bill eliminates the one-size-fits- 
all provisions of No Child Left Behind that have been so damaging for our 
schools and our districts. Instead, it al-lows communities and parents and teachers to work together to improve their schools and ensure that every child gets a well-rounded education. Our bill maintains Federal protections to help students graduate from high school college- and career-ready. 
When the education committee de-
bated the bill, I was very proud to work on a bipartisan amendment with Sen-ator I
SAKSON to expand and improve on 
early learning programs. As a former preschool teacher, I have seen the kind of transformation early learning can inspire in a child. So I am very glad this bill will help us expand access to high-quality early childhood education so more kids can start kindergarten ready to learn. 
I have also seen fixing the current 
law as a multistage process. At the be-ginning of this year, as the chairman said, he released his discussion draft for reauthorizing ESEA. After that, the two of us had a conversation about a path as to how to move forward. In-stead of going down a partisan path and letting politics become our guide, we agreed to work together to find common ground. We agreed to do ev-erything we could to put our students first, to put the families and commu-nities we represent first, to break through the gridlock and dysfunction that too often paralyzes this Congress, and to chart a path to fix a broken law. 
I again want to commend my partner 
Chairman A
LEXANDER for sticking to 
that approach. He is a role model for all of us, and I appreciate all he is doing. The result is our Every Child Achieves Act. It wasn’t the bill I would have written on my own, I know it isn’t the bill he would have written on his own, but it is what is called a com-promise. It is a strong bill that all sides can be proud of. 
After we negotiated our bipartisan 
compromise in April, we passed our bill out of committee with a unanimous vote—12 Republicans, 10 Democrats. So I want to thank all of our Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee members who worked to improve and strengthen this bill in committee and all the Members—Democrats and Re-publicans on our committee and off— who wrote the dozens of amendments we included in our substitute and man-agers’ packages, and all those who brought their ideas to the floor and de-bated and voted on them over the past week on the Senate floor. 
Today, I am very proud we have 
passed this bill with a strong bipar-tisan vote. As we know, our work is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.059 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5153 July 16, 2015 
yet done. Now we begin the next phase. 
As Chairman A LEXANDER has said 
throughout our floor debate, ulti-mately we need a bill President Obama will sign into law, and though this bill has taken a number of steps in the right direction, there are still a few more we need to do before our work is done. We have important work to do in conference to reach an agreement on a final bill. 
The President has made it very clear 
to us he can only sign a bill that strengthens the accountability meas-ures in the Every Child Achieves Act and that addresses inequality, where some schools are unable to offer the same opportunities as others. I agree that is a must, and I know I will con-tinue to work hard, alongside ranking member B
OBBY SCOTT in the House and 
the administration, to make account-ability and resource equity a priority in conference. 
The only way forward is for the 
strong bipartisan work we have seen in the Senate to continue in that process. Now, I will say, unfortunately, so far, House Republicans chose a partisan ap-proach to reauthorize this bill. Their bill doesn’t represent one end and ours represents another, where we have to meet in the middle. Their bill really represents an unacceptable partisan approach and path and ours represents a carefully negotiated compromise with just a few important steps to go. 
So I hope in conference our friends in 
the House, the House Republicans, will be ready to join House and Senate Democrats, Senate Republicans, and the administration as we work to-gether to get this done in a way that works for all our students and families. 
By working together, I am confident 
we can get this bill over the finish line and fix this broken law for our teachers in my home State and across the coun-try and help make sure all our students have a quality education. Delivering on that promise of a good education for all students will pay off for generations to come. This is one of the best invest-ments in our country we can make to ensure we have broad-based and long- term economic growth because, as we all know, when students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our fu-ture workforce. We know our country grows stronger and we empower the next generation of Americans to lead the world. We will help our economy grow from the middle out, not just the top down, and that is something we have known for a long time. 
Fifty years ago, in what would be 
just months before signing the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act into law, President Johnson said, when it comes to education, ‘‘nothing matters more for the future of our country.’’ That is still true today. The future of our country hinges on our students’ ability to one day lead the world. 
So I am looking forward to our con-
tinued work on this Every Child Achieves Act for our students, for our parents, for our teachers, and for the 
future of our country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding we are in morning busi-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
will the Senator from Indiana yield for 60 seconds? 
Mr. COATS. I will be glad to yield. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
forgot to mention the number of amendments that were considered, and I would like to place that in the R
ECORD . 
In the committee, we adopted 29 
amendments. On the floor, 178 amend-ments were filed, 78 were considered, and 65 amendments were adopted—10 of those through rollcall votes, 28 through voice votes, and 27 by unanimous con-sent through two managers’ packages. 
Nearly 100 amendments were adopted 
to the bipartisan draft that Senator M
URRAY and I presented to our edu-
cation committee earlier this year. I think the fact so many Senators not only had a chance to have their say but had their ideas included in the bill— and I think especially of the Senator from Rhode Island who has worked for the last couple of years on a particular provision—was one important reason why we had a consensus that rose to 81 votes. 
I thank the Senator from Indiana for 
his courtesy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak but first want to acknowledge and thank my colleague Senator C
OL-
LINS for allowing me to step ahead of 
her in this process. I promise to be ex-peditious in terms of getting through this. It turns out her plane to Maine leaves later than my plane to Indiana, so she has very graciously allowed me to go forward. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, the last 6 
months of this Senate I have been com-ing down here every week to talk about the ‘‘Waste of the Week’’—examples of waste, fraud, and abuse within the Fed-eral Government. I can’t believe this is No. 17. We are continuing to rack up significant savings to the taxpayer. We can eliminate these documented and certified wastes that have been deter-mined through the various government agencies, inspectors general, and oth-ers. 
Today we turn to a rather serious 
topic regarding the receipt of taxpayer dollars by criminals who are avoiding felony arrest but are still receiving benefits at taxpayers’ expense. 
Here is a little history. The Social 
Security Act currently prohibits those fleeing justice from receiving Social Security and other Federal benefits. Congress first addressed this issue in 
1996, when it banned fugitive felons from receiving Social Security bene-fits. It then expanded this prohibition in 2004 to also apply this ban to Social Security disability insurance and World War II benefits. 
Unfortunately this law has run into 
some conflicting opinions by court challenges, which have weakened the effects of the law and led to a lack of clarity in terms of what the original language and original intent by Con-gress was supposed to be. To address this problem—because it is a problem, and there is lack of clarity—I have this week introduced legislation to amend the Social Security Act to clearly state—to clarify—the intent of the law that prohibits fugitive felons from re-ceiving Social Security retirement and disability benefits. My bill would clar-ify this law and return the implemen-tation of the policy to its original in-tent. 
Now, let me be clear. The govern-
ment should not be providing benefits to those avoiding prosecution, custody or confinement for a crime or attempt to commit a crime that is considered a felony. But we are not talking about individuals who get speeding tickets or make a mistake on their taxes. This legislation applies only to those with an arrest order for felony charges. 
The crime must be of enough serious 
magnitude to carry with it a minimum sentence of 1 or more years in prison. 
So we want to be careful here that we 
are not imposing this restriction of re-ceipt of benefits on someone who doesn’t qualify under the law, and that is another clarification that we want to make. 
Furthermore, the bill retains the 
ability of the Social Security Adminis-tration to continue or restore benefits if the individual can show good cause— such as that they were exonerated of the crime or perhaps were victim of an identity theft or other legitimate rea-sons to not lose benefits. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, this commonsense fix could save taxpayers $4.8 billion over the next 10 years alone. 
So the bottom line is this: We pull 
out our chart with our ever-growing gauge of money that has been wasted through fraud and abuse within the Federal Government. We are climbing very quickly to $100 billion. I thought it would take a year to get there if I did one a week. We are going to have to make a major extension to this chart or redo this because we are closing in on $100 billion of wasted taxpayer money documented by Federal Govern-ment agencies in investigations. So passage of this bill would add $4.8 bil-lion to our chart. 
We have come across so many in-
stances of bloat, waste, fraud, and abuse. I could be down here every day the Senate is in session. I could be down here every hour the Senate is in session—such is the staggering amount of dysfunction occurring through this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.041 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5154 July 16, 2015 
bloated bureaucracy called the Federal 
Government. 
Here we are, trying to protect tax-
payers of our States who are stretched to the gills in terms of what they have to pay not only in Federal but State or sales—you name it—or real estate taxes that roll up and consume so much of everybody’s weekly pay. 
The least we can do—while we need 
to make major fixes to our fiscal prob-lems here—is take those that have been identified by legitimate neutral organizations—inspectors general of the United States, various agencies— bring those to light, and then do some-thing about it and not just come down here and make a chart and add some red ink, but actually introduce legisla-tion, which I am trying to do on some of these pieces so that we can remedy this problem. 
So meanwhile we have an adminis-
tration here that has refused over and over to sit down and work out a long- term fiscal debt reduction program, which this country desperately needs because the debt clock is still ticking away like crazy. 
If you want to see it, go to my Web 
site at coats.senate.gov. We have the clock right there. We haven’t talked about it much down here lately. We made a big push earlier. Too many peo-ple have thrown up their hands and said that under this administration it is not going to happen. That probably is right. But the least we can do then, until we get new management in the White House, is to find these issues of waste, fraud, and abuse, and do some-thing about it now. So that is what we are trying to do. 
I look forward to being back here 
next week with the latest edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ 
I thank my colleague from Maine for 
her patience. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
the Senator from Maine is about to speak I believe on the Older Americans Act. 
While she is here on the floor, I wish 
to take a moment to express my per-sonal appreciation to her and to Chair-man A
LEXANDER for an issue that arose 
during the course of the Older Ameri-cans Act. 
I have a very strong concern that 
older Americans, particularly as they approach the end of their lives, are not getting their wishes honored. In fact, very often nobody even knows what their wishes are about how they would like to be treated at the end of their lives. Do they want to be at home? Do they not particularly care about using all the medical apparatuses available to them? Do they want to be in the hospital and have everybody take every available measure? That should be their choice. It should be an in-formed choice and a choice that we 
should honor. 
I sought language within the Older 
Americans Act to try to empower that. There were difficulties with it, and those difficulties were resolved by the willingness of Chairman A
LEXANDER to 
ask Chairman C OLLINS to hold a hear-
ing on this subject in the Select Com-mittee on Aging and for all of the chairmen and ranking members on the two committees to send a letter to the Government Accountability Office to lay out the case and put a factual brief before us for that hearing. 
This would not have happened with-
out the courtesy of Senator C
OLLINS . 
This is an aging committee thing that she has been willing to do to resolve an issue that actually started in the HELP Committee. It was very gracious of her. She has been a leader on these end-of-life issues for a long time. I didn’t want to miss this chance to ex-press my appreciation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before 
the Senator from Rhode Island leaves the floor, let me thank him for his kind comments. I have enjoyed working with him on issues such as hospice care and advanced planning. I know these issues are very important to him, as they are to me. I am happy we are able to collaborate on a GAO request and also on a hearing later this year. 
So I thank him for his efforts in re-
solving this issue so that the reauthor-ization of the Older Americans Act could go forward. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before I 
begin my comments on the Older Americans Act, I do want to add to the accolades that have been given today to the chairman and the ranking mem-ber of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, on which I am pleased to serve. 
They have worked as a team, pro-
viding tremendous leadership that brought us to a tremendous accom-plishment today, and that is the pas-sage of the Every Child Achieves Act. It would not have happened without the extraordinary leadership of Chair-man A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY , 
the ranking minority member. I thank them for their hard work in this re-gard. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, as the 
chairman of the Senate Special Com-mittee on Aging and as the cosponsor of the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act, I also commend the chairman and the ranking member of the HELP Committee for their hard work over the past 2 years in devel-oping a bipartisan consensus bill to re-authorize and strengthen the Older Americans Act. It is my hope that the Senate later today will unanimously 
pass this important legislation. 
The programs authorized by the 
Older Americans Act are tremendously important in the State of Maine and across the country. Maine is the oldest State by median age in the entire country. Probably, if I asked most of my colleagues, they would guess it was Florida, but in fact it is the State of Maine. 
Maine’s network of five area agencies 
on aging provides invaluable supports and services to more than 100,000 sen-iors living in my State. 
In just the past few months, I have 
received almost 700 letters from seniors across Maine urging that we pass the reauthorization bill. I look forward to letting my constituents know that the Senate soon will do just that. 
While funding has been provided on a 
continuing basis through the appro-priations process, the fact is that legis-lation reauthorizing the Older Ameri-cans Act is long overdue. The author-ization expired in 2011. 
It is particularly significant that the 
Senate pass this legislation this month, for July marks the 50th anni-versary of the Older Americans Act. 
This law funds critical services in 
communities across our Nation that help to keep our older adults healthy and independent. Its funding supports some of the most vital and successful Federal programs for our Nation’s sen-iors. 
Nearly 12 million older Americans re-
ceive services through this law, such services as Meals on Wheels, senior centers, transportation, legal services, and caregiver support. 
Moreover, these programs are oper-
ated through a national network of area agencies on aging that stresses local decisionmaking regarding what services are most needed for older adults in a particular community. It is a flexible program that allows local needs to be met. 
Older Americans Act programs also 
help to relieve the financial pressure on the Medicare and Medicaid Pro-grams, because they help seniors to stay healthy, independent, and living right where they want to be—in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own homes. 
AARP’s surveys consistently reflect 
the fact that aging in place is the pre-ferred option for seniors who want to continue to live independently and avoid expensive nursing home and other institutionalized care as long as possible. 
This bill also includes important pro-
visions to strengthen the Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program and to help protect our vulnerable seniors from fi-nancial exploitation and abuse. Finan-cial exploitation of our seniors is a growing epidemic that cost them an es-timated $2.9 billion in 2010. It is so dis-turbing that in 90 percent of these cases, the financial exploitation abuse is perpetrated by a family member, a trusted individual, a caregiver—some-one whom the senior knows well. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.043 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5155 July 16, 2015 
Aging Committee has held hearings to 
highlight this issue, and the bill that will be coming before the Senate later today will take steps to strengthen the Federal response to this growing prob-lem. 
Of course passage by the Senate, 
while an essential step, is not the final step in reauthorizing this significant law. I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman, the ranking member, and our colleagues here and in the House to make the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act a reality this year. And how wonderful would it be if it could be a reality this month, which marks the 50th anniversary of this significant law. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ABORTION 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
wish to take just a moment to speak about a subject that is very difficult for me to speak about and, quite frank-ly, difficult for a lot of Americans to speak about and hear about. It con-nects to all of us in extremely personal ways. Let me set some context. 
Not long ago, a group of animal 
rights activists gathered around a re-search facility that was using animals for their testing. The activists gath-ered around the facility, chanted, and had signs they held up that said ‘‘It is not science, it is violence’’ and other signs that said ‘‘Animal lives are their right; we have just begun to fight’’ as they protested to protect the lives of the animals that were being used for research in that facility. 
I understand their frustration, but 
let me put it in the context of some things that came out this week. We have learned that this week an organi-zation called Planned Parenthood is using children who were aborted and sending the bodies of those aborted children to research facilities—some-times for sale, different body parts—to be used in research. These are not mice. These are not lab rats. These are children—children who have gone through the process of a horrific abor-tion. 
This morning, in an appropriations 
hearing the Presiding Officer and I both were in, we had an extensive con-versation about the rights of orca whales. This protracted conversation went on and on—many people also were connected to this—about the rights of orca whales and about their care. Then we had a protracted conversation about horse slaughter and how horses would be humanely put down. But in the mid-dle of all that conversation that hap-
pened today, there were children still being aborted with an instrument reaching into a mother and tearing apart a child but carefully protecting certain organs because those organs would be valuable to sell. 
Now the challenge we have on this as 
a nation is the argument that that baby is not really a baby, that it is just a fetus, it is tissue. ‘‘That is not a human baby’’ is what everyone is told. ‘‘That is just tissue, and it is up to the mom to determine what happens to that tissue.’’ And then on the flip side of it, moments later, they take that tissue and then sell it because it is human organs that are needed for re-search. You can’t say in one moment that it is not a human and then sell it in the next moment as a human organ and now suddenly say it is. It was a human all the way through. There was never a time that wasn’t a child. There was never a time that wasn’t a human. 
It seems the ultimate irony to me 
that we spend time talking about the humane treatment of animals being put down, such as in horse slaughter, and we completely miss children being ripped apart in the womb and their body parts being sold. 
Here is how it happens. A mom comes 
into a facility, gives consent to have an abortion, makes that request. After that request is made, to some moms— and we don’t know exactly how they choose which moms—to some moms they then ask consent for their child, after it is aborted, to be used for re-search purposes. 
From the video that was put out this 
week, they said that was actually com-forting to some moms, that as they know how traumatic the abortion is, at least some good would come out of it, that those body parts would then be used for research to hopefully save other children—which again comes back to the ultimate irony that we lit-erally tear one child apart in an abor-tion with the assumption that hope-fully that would actually help some other child in the future, missing out on the significance of the child who is right there who could be helped by pro-tecting their life. 
Then the doctor in this particular 
video gives the details of how once they get that consent from the mom, they would be careful to reach in and actually crush the head of the child to kill the child in the womb so they could preserve the rest of the organs because the kidney has value, because the liver has value, because the lungs have value, and because the muscles in the legs have value. 
I would tell you that child has value 
and that every single adult who can hear me right now was once 20 weeks old in the womb. We can look at each other and understand that the dif-ference between that child in the womb and any of us now is time. That is a human being we are talking about, and it doesn’t bring me comfort to know that one child is torn apart so that maybe they can do research on the 
child’s organs so that at some future moment, it may help a different child. 
Not every woman is being asked if 
her aborted child can be used for re-search, and we really don’t know the why. Maybe they are looking for par-ticularly healthy moms. Maybe they are looking for very mature, healthy babies. Maybe it is a situation where a particular mom couldn’t afford to have the abortion procedure, and so they swap off and say: If you can’t afford the abortion procedure, maybe we can cover the costs by then possibly selling some of these organs. We don’t know. 
But I think maybe the question needs 
to be asked why this Congress would spend time today debating horse slaughter and debating orca whales, and yet we have become so numb to children that the other debate doesn’t seem to come up. 
Maybe we need to start again as a na-
tion asking a basic question: Is that a child? In our Declaration, we said every person, we believe, is endowed by our Creator to life, liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. Maybe we need to ask again as a nation, do we really be-lieve that? 
Let’s start with some basic things. 
How about a child of 20 weeks who we know scientifically can feel pain can-not have their limbs ripped apart in an abortion. There are only seven coun-tries in the world that allow that. We are in a prime group—like North Korea and China—of nations which still allow abortions that late. We should ask that question again: Is that really who we are as America? 
Maybe we need to ask the question 
again to Planned Parenthood, to which we give half a billion dollars in fund-ing. Maybe this is not a good idea. Other organizations that serve people all over the country raise their funds separately and don’t do it with Federal funds. Maybe that is a legitimate ques-tion we need to ask. 
We have hard questions to deal with 
as a nation—budget, regulations, the future direction we are going. Why don’t we add to the list? Do we really care about children or not? And on a day that we passed an education bill, before we pat ourselves on the back saying how much we care about chil-dren, let’s make sure we are dealing with a compassion for children at every age, not just at certain ages. Have we really become this numb? And how do we turn it around? 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, are we in 
a quorum call? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is not in a quorum call. 
f 
OECD BASE EROSION AND PROFIT 
SHIFTING PROJECT 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to express serious concern about an ongoing project at the Organization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.045 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5156 July 16, 2015 
for Economic Co-operation and Devel-
opment, or OECD. It is called the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting—or BEPS—Project. BEPS is a program 
that is intended to address perceived flaws in international tax rules that have allowed multinational corpora-tions to shift profits—but not nec-essarily corresponding economic activ-ity—from high-tax to low-tax jurisdic-tions. These strategies, in some cases, had a negative impact on the tax basis of OECD countries, creating a need for solutions. 
Unfortunately, it appears that the 
project has moved well beyond its original mandate, and many U.S. com-panies are rightly concerned that they may be facing significant negative con-sequences. This should concern all of us in government as well. 
Let’s talk for a minute about how we 
got to where we are today. In 2012, the G20 tasked the OECD with developing a comprehensive and coordinated ap-proach to addressing certain aggressive tax-planning strategies. As we all know, the G20 is an international forum for governments and central bank officials from 20 major economies around the world which meets periodi-cally behind closed doors to discuss fi-nancial matters and, even though it has no formal charter, arrive at agree-ments. 
The G20’s direction resulted, at least 
in part, because of the BEPS project. It was originally supposed to be limited in scope, with a focus on discrete ac-tions to address inappropriate tax avoidance. The idea was to find ways to possibly arrive at consensus on how to prevent those strategies that result in very little or no taxation of profits or what some have come to call ‘‘stateless income.’’ 
The OECD released what it called its 
BEPS Action Plan in 2013. The plan identified 15 action items for changes in tax policy. Among those action items were recommendations to modify domestic laws to, one, strengthen con-trolled foreign corporation or CFC rules and limits on interest deductions; two, prevent tax treaty abuse; three, increase taxpayer reporting require-ments and information sharing among governments; and, four, develop a mul-tilateral instrument to implement cer-tain BEPS actions. 
Discussion drafts have been released 
on many of the action plan items and final reports are anticipated to be fi-nalized and delivered to the G20 later this year. 
The Obama administration’s Treas-
ury Department has been actively in-volved in the BEPS project. Last sum-mer, Deputy Assistant Treasury Sec-retary for International Tax Affairs Robert Stack stated that ‘‘failure in the BEPS project could well result in countries taking unilateral, incon-sistent actions thereby increasing dou-ble taxation, the cost to the U.S. Treasury, and the number of tax dis-putes.’’ 
Now, given this and other statements 
from Treasury officials, it appears Treasury believes its role in the BEPS 
project is to protect the U.S. tax base from erosion and to protect U.S. multi-national companies from actions from other countries that could lead to dou-ble taxation and time-consuming dis-putes. In that regard, Treasury has been actively negotiating on behalf of the U.S. Government to reach con-sensus on the BEPS action items. 
These are laudable goals. However, I 
do not believe these goals have been achieved. Indeed, just last month, Dep-uty Assistant Treasury Secretary Stack himself faulted the UK and Aus-tralia for taking unilateral actions tar-geting U.S. multinationals, possibly contrary to the commitments those countries have made in their treaties 
with the United States. 
More importantly, I am very con-
cerned there are bigger issues at play and that the BEPS project has far ex-ceeded its original mandate. Once again, BEPS was meant to be limited in scope, focusing on the prevention of tax strategies that yield inappropriate results. Instead, it appears to have be-come a mechanism for rewriting global tax strategies—potentially including those commonly used by U.S. compa-nies—behind closed doors without the input or consent of Congress itself. 
As we all know, only Congress can 
make changes to U.S. tax law. Yet no representatives from Congress have been offered a seat at the table in any of the BEPS negotiations. Sure, the OECD has been quite forthcoming in meeting with Members and congres-sional staff, but in the actual BEPS de-liberations, all the decisions are being made by unelected bureaucrats in Paris and not by anyone from the Senate or House of Representatives. 
The Senate Committee on Finance, 
which I chair, is currently engaged in an effort that we hope will eventually lead to comprehensive tax reform. This has been a long-term effort and Mem-bers of both parties and both Chambers of Congress have been engaged in this endeavor for quite some time. Yet while Congress continues to work to-ward this long-term goal, the Treasury Department is negotiating the BEPS action items, which may attempt to commit the United States to make changes to our domestic tax laws, without any substantive input from Congress or Congress’s tax-writing committees. 
We know this is a problem. Indeed, 
certain positions already agreed to by the Treasury Department as part of the BEPS project could materially damage U.S. tax reform efforts. Congress and the administration need to work to-gether on these issues. When I say ‘‘work together,’’ I do not mean that Treasury officials should only periodi-cally come to the Hill in order to brief congressional staff on decisions that have already been made. I mean admin-istration officials should not make any commitments that could impact U.S. tax policy without adequate consulta-tion and explicit agreement from Con-gress. We all remember when, years ago, 
then-Treasury Secretary Geithner de-cided to reach an agreement with other officials in the G20 regarding funding for the International Monetary Fund or IMF. After reaching this agreement, without any significant input or con-sent from Congress, the Obama admin-istration presented, and continues to present, the issue of altered IMF fund-ing as an ‘‘international commitment’’ the administration made and Congress must honor. 
Put simply, that is not an appro-
priate model for pursuing and achiev-ing changes to U.S. law. And if the ad-ministration intends to use a similar model for the changes recommended by the BEPS project, that is, as the say-ing goes, a dog that just won’t hunt. 
I am going to put this as simply as I 
can. Congress is the steward of the American taxpayer resources. Those resources are not bargaining chips for international agreements that may or may not advance our Nation’s inter-ests. Make no mistake, international cooperation and consensus are impor-tant. I don’t object to unified actions toward common goals and shared ob-jectives, but when the resources of U.S. taxpayers are on the line—as they ap-pear to be with the BEPS project—Con-gress must play a significant role. 
Once again, some of the BEPS action 
items would commit the resources of U.S. taxpayers either in the form of al-terations to tax rules governing the taxation of U.S. multinationals or in the form of resources American tax-payers will have to expend in order to abide by the terms of the BEPS action items. 
Last month, the OECD held a con-
ference on the BEPS project here in Washington, DC. Prior to the con-ference, the House Ways and Means Committee chairman, P
AULRYAN, and 
I sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Lew outlining our concerns with sev-eral of the actions proposed under the BEPS project, including country-by- country reporting, ‘‘master file’’ docu-mentation, potential limits on interest deductibility, and others. Those spe-cific proposals could have far-reaching negative consequences for U.S. multi-nationals and the U.S. Government. 
For example, consider the master file 
documentation scheme envisioned in the BEPS project. Under this proposal, companies would have to provide addi-tional detailed and intricate informa-tion about their tax plan and business models to foreign tax authorities. If we impose this requirement on U.S. busi-nesses, what assurances do we have that these foreign governments would keep the information confidential? I don’t know, and no one from Treasury has told me. 
What about countries with prevalent 
state-owned enterprises that would greatly benefit from this type of infor-mation? Wouldn’t the BEPS proposal force U.S. companies to reveal sen-sitive information to foreign govern-ments that either own or substantially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.046 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5157 July 16, 2015 
back competing enterprises? I don’t 
know, and no one at Treasury has told me. 
I could go on for quite a while about 
these proposals, especially given the broad scope of the BEPS project, the breadth of possible tax effects, and the potential negative impact these pro-posals could have on our companies and our economy. Needless to say, as the chairman of the Senate’s tax-writ-ing committee, I have many concerns. 
Before any additional steps are 
taken, and before we can even consider moving on any of the BEPS action items, we need more information. In fact, the President’s lead negotiator on BEPS, Deputy Assistant Secretary Stack, stated we need to slow down the pace of the BEPS work substantially. 
We need to know more about the 
costs relative to the benefits of the BEPS proposals. We also need to know whether the IRS is capable of sharing sensitive tax information with foreign tax authorities without violating the confidentiality of American businesses. After all, the IRS does not have the best track record. Between the fraud and overpayment rates on various re-fundable tax credits and other breaches of trust at that agency, we have more than enough reasons to be concerned about whether the IRS can effectively and appropriately implement a plan for global information sharing. 
To address these questions, I sent a 
letter today to the Comptroller Gen-eral asking that the Government Ac-countability Office engage with me and my staff to begin an indepth analysis of these issues, so we can at least get a sense as to how the OECD’s proposals might impact the U.S. economy, in-cluding employment, investment, and revenues. In the coming months, I will be reaching out to other experts as well. 
It is difficult to imagine the analysis 
and discussions that would have to ac-company consideration and adoption of BEPS-related rules and schemes can be completed by September, when the OECD has stated it hopes to render final action plans by the time of the next G20 meeting. But as I stated, even if final reports from the BEPS project are released on schedule, many, if not all, of the action plan items would need congressional action in order to be im-plemented in the United States. 
So, again, I urge Treasury to work 
very closely with Congress on this and not tie our hands as we move toward tax reform by consenting to bad out-comes. I urge them to consider the in-terests of U.S. taxpayers and not make any commitments that would impose unnecessary burdens on American com-panies and put them at a competitive disadvantage. 
The United States has always recog-
nized the right of other countries to tax income earned within their bor-ders, to the extent such taxation is consistent with treaty obligations. However, regardless of what some in other countries may think, the U.S. tax base should not be up for grabs in 
an international free-for-all, and I ex-pect officials at the U.S. Department of Treasury to remember that. In fact, I demand they remember that. 
Mr. President, I will have much more 
to say on these matters in the coming weeks and months. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EPA REGULATIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise today 
to speak about the economic effect of regulations coming out of the Environ-mental Protection Agency on the en-ergy sector and particularly on fossil fuels and coal. 
The State of Wyoming is the largest 
coal-producing State in the Nation. Coal represents almost 40 percent of our share of electricity generation across the United States. It is abun-dant, it is affordable, it is stockpileable, it can be clean, and it shouldn’t be replaced through regu-latory actions. But this administration continues to try to regulate coal out of existence. 
In 2012, the EPA finalized a standard 
that requires a strict reduction in air emissions from electric-generating utilities. It is known as the mercury and air toxic standards rule. Like many of the rules coming from the EPA, the costs of this regulation are great and the benefits are very limited. 
EPA estimates the rule will create 
between $500,000 and $6 million in bene-fits. That sounds like a lot of money. But related to the mercury reductions, the cost is $10 billion annually—$10 bil-lion annually—for a return of $500,000 to $6 million. That is a pretty big range. It indicates there probably isn’t a lot of calculation into how that came into being or much transparency so we can see how that came about. 
The $10 billion annual cost will be to 
consumers of electricity. Those are costs that aren’t allowed to be re-couped. Now, many of those have al-ready been put in place. They become part of the rate base, and, under most of the laws dealing with utilities, they are allowed to make a return on that. So there wouldn’t be a huge protest for it. It is a lot of upfront cost for them, but they get to recoup that over a pe-riod of time. We have to be sure that when we are making regulations, we don’t flood a whole bunch of them in there that have huge costs and very lit-tle benefit. 
We just had a hearing on this a short 
time ago on the homeland sub-committee on regulations, talking about how all of those costs come about. Well, the actual cost of doing it 
is pretty easily calculable. There are things that have to be bought and put in place and construction done in order to get it done. The benefits? It is a lit-tle hard to find out where those come from, and a lot of the things aren’t clearly cut so that the problem comes from a single spot. Often there are a lot of things involved, but there is a tend-ency to pick on one place. 
Three years after the rule was final-
ized, the Supreme Court has ruled that the EPA should have considered costs before determining to regulate mer-cury from fossil-fired powerplants. The cost-benefit ratio, assuming the EPA’s best case scenario, is approximately 1,600 to 1. The Court’s majority opinion called this an overreach and stated: ‘‘The Agency gave cost no thought at all, because it considered cost irrele-vant to its initial decision to regu-late.’’ 
Since these standards began to take 
effect in April, utilities have already retired or plan to retire coal-fired plants to comply with cuts in emis-sions. Sometimes it is cheaper to shut them down than it is to make the changes. The courts did not issue a stay on implementation, so companies began installing the mandated controls to meet the deadline for compliance. These costs will be passed on to con-sumers and will result in higher elec-tricity prices. On average, a household could see their electricity bill go up by $400 a year—a cost that will dispropor-tionately impact those with lower, fixed incomes, such as many older Americans. 
In 2012, Congress had a chance to use 
the Congressional Review Act to stop this devastating rule from moving for-ward. The Congressional Review Act gives Congress the ability to dis-approve rules that go beyond what Congress intended. It requires a simple majority for passage and was a legisla-tive vehicle available to stop the MATS rule from moving forward. Un-fortunately, it was rejected by the Sen-ate majority at the time. 
With the process, you have to get a 
petition with a lot of signatures on it, and then you are guaranteed 8 hours of debate and an up-or-down vote. Of course, after it goes to the Senate, it also has to go to the House. And after it goes to the House, it then has to go to the President for his signature. The rules and regulations are done by Con-gress, not by the President. The Presi-dent is the enforcer of the rules that we supposedly put in place. So it should not take a Presidential signa-ture to stop the action if the House and Senate agree. In this case, it was re-jected by the Senate majority. It wasn’t until this lawsuit filed by State Governors was finally decided that the Agency was called out for charging ahead with this disastrous rule without considering the consequences. 
Ratepayers shouldn’t have to wait 
this long for the correct decision. Con-gress has to stand up to this runaway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.048 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5158 July 16, 2015 
agency, but we need to expand on our 
tools to fight governing by rulemaking. We need to increase accountability for and transparency in the Federal regu-latory process by requiring that Con-gress approve all new major regula-tions. The Regulations From the Exec-utive in Need of Scrutiny, or REINS, Act would make sure the people’s rep-resentatives get a say in regulatory ac-tion affecting our Nation’s economy. The presumption should not be def-erence to a Federal agency attempting to implement a regulation but to Con-gress and to the States. 
If enacted, the REINS Act would re-
quire an up-or-down vote by both Houses of Congress before any execu-tive branch rule or regulation with an annual economic impact of $100 million or more could be enacted. In the case of the Clean Power Plan, the costs are in the billions. So it would ensure Con-gress gets a say to stop the EPA from regulating coal out of business. 
Additionally, the Environment and 
Public Works Committee has moved legislation—that is, the Affordable Re-liable Energy Now Act—which would extend the proposed rule’s compliance dates pending further judicial review. That way we don’t see premature plant closures that harm our grid reliability and make energy more expensive be-fore even knowing whether the rule is on good legal standing and whether the numbers are good. 
Both of these bills would give Con-
gress additional tools to fight Execu-tive overreach, and the House has al-ready passed legislation similar to the Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act. We must do what we can because there is no doubt that MATS regulations will continue to be challenged for its re-quirement of outside-of-the-fence-line changes, its coordination with existing source performance standards, the im-plementation of Federal standards should States not submit plans or on the scientific basis if the status quo contributes to the endangerment of public health. In fact, the White House has requested over $50 million to de-fend the rule in court. That is your tax money. They have already lost once. 
And while the EPA ignores the costs, 
outside groups have projected four to seven times the costs of the regulation. The National Economics Research As-sociation found an annual compliance cost for MATS $41 to $73 billion. That is the annual compliance costs. So that would be up to $73,000 million, as I like to put it, because I think talking about millions instead of billions makes it a little more understandable. So that is the policy that is going to affect con-sumer prices. 
It also shows States like Wyoming 
seeing double-digit increases in elec-trical prices. Congress must ensure the EPA does not continue to act unrea-sonably by not considering the costs of compliance before drafting carbon reg-ulations. By requiring States to imple-ment their own plans, the EPA is try-ing to skirt their responsibility to de-termine the true costs. The EPA has 
not adequately considered the costs of the Clean Power Plan. So what they did was shift that over and said: States, this is what each of you has to do to make the Federal plan work, but since this is a State plan, we don’t have to do all of this analysis to see what the costs are going to be. Of course, we need more transparency in the calculations. 
As I mentioned, costs are easy to 
come up with, but benefits are pretty hard to determine, and they are kind of in the eye of the beholder or eye of the calculator. Usually, the costs happen upfront in just a few years—5 years, maybe 10 years at the most—but they are allowed to calculate benefits over 50 years, 100 years. How long can they do that? The company has to pay it up-front, but the consumers have to pay it over a regular short period of time. 
Fifteen percent of U.S. coal-gener-
ating capacity is already planned for retirement. Wyoming would be forced to prematurely close four additional coal-fired plants under this rule. Inci-dentally, that is about the amount of electricity that we export to Cali-fornia. The EPA asserts that since States determine compliance, the re-maining useful life of coal-powered units prematurely shut down need not be considered. 
Governors have already begun telling 
the EPA that they will not be able to submit plans to meet the proposed standards, so Administrator M
CCARTHY  
has threatened a Federal implementa-tion plan if States do not comply. Now, a Federal implementation plan is a Federal regulatory action, and so they need to consider the costs of premature plant shutdowns and the consumer en-ergy prices that will cause prior to being finalized. You cannot bypass these considerations by placing the onus on the States first. 
Congress also needs to empower 
States to oppose Federal regulations that hurt their constituencies, again with little benefit. As Wyoming’s Gov-ernor Matt Meads commented on MATS: ‘‘The EPA does not have the legal authority to propose, finalize or enforce this proposal.’’ The EPA has introduced a proposal that functionally and structurally hamstrings energy and electricity sectors, thereby driving up the electrical prices. It would bur-den our Nation’s economic security and prosperity with almost no environ-mental or health benefits. The State of Wyoming is considering its legal op-tions once the rule is finalized. They can’t do anything until it is finalized. 
I have proposed an amendment to the 
Constitution which would give States the ability to repeal Federal laws and regulations when ratified by two-thirds of the legislators. That is almost like calling a constitutional convention under article V of the Constitution. This amendment stands up for States’ rights and gives them another option other than the court system to find so-lutions to regulatory problems. Ulti-mately, the States know what is best 
for them, and it is time to shift the power back into their hands. Even when Federal regulations may have good intentions, they can create situa-tions in which they cause more harm than good. 
Unfortunately, the regulatory proc-
ess is skewed in favor of the adminis-tration. We need to find a way to em-power Congress and to empower the States—those most accountable to the voters—to keep runaway agencies in check or we will continue to see regu-lations that impede our economy by di-rectly hurting the energy industry, which hurts individuals, costs jobs, and hits the ratepayers—the price ulti-mately paid by the consumers. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 12, S. 192; that the bill be read for the third time; and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 192) to reauthorize the Older 
Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing 
no further debate, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (S. 192) was passed, as fol-
lows: 
S. 192 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Older Amer-
icans Act Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 102 of the Older Americans Act of 
1965 (42 U.S.C. 3002) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘abuse’ means the knowing 
infliction of physical or psychological harm or the knowing deprivation of goods or serv-ices that are necessary to meet essential needs or to avoid physical or psychological harm.’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) The term ‘adult protective services’ 
means such services provided to adults as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.049 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5159 July 16, 2015 
the Secretary may specify and includes serv-
ices such as— 
‘‘(A) receiving reports of adult abuse, ne-
glect, or exploitation; 
‘‘(B) investigating the reports described in 
subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) case planning, monitoring, evaluation, 
and other casework and services; and 
‘‘(D) providing, arranging for, or facili-
tating the provision of medical, social serv-ice, economic, legal, housing, law enforce-ment, or other protective, emergency, or support services.’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Aging and Disability Re-
source Center’ means an entity, network, or consortium established by a State as part of the State system of long-term care, to pro-vide a coordinated and integrated system for older individuals and individuals with dis-abilities (as defined in section 3 of the Amer-icans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)), and the caregivers of older individ-uals and individuals with disabilities, that provides— 
‘‘(A) comprehensive information on the 
full range of available public and private long-term care programs, options, service providers, and resources within a commu-nity, including information on the avail-ability of integrated long-term care services, and Federal or State programs that provide long-term care services and supports through home and community-based service pro-grams; 
‘‘(B) person-centered counseling to assist 
individuals in assessing their existing or an-ticipated long-term care needs and goals, and developing and implementing a person-cen-tered plan for long-term care that is con-sistent with the desires of such an individual and designed to meet the individual’s spe-cific needs, goals, and circumstances; 
‘‘(C) access for individuals to the full range 
of publicly-supported long-term care services and supports for which the individuals may be eligible, including home and community- based service options, by serving as a con-venient point of entry for such programs and supports; and 
‘‘(D) in cooperation with area agencies on 
aging, centers for independent living de-scribed in part C of title VII of the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 796f et seq.), and other community-based entities, informa-tion and referrals regarding available home and community-based services for individ-uals who are at risk for residing in, or who reside in, institutional settings, so that the individuals have the choice to remain in or to return to the community.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (14)(B), by inserting ‘‘oral 
health,’’ after ‘‘bone density,’’; 
(5) by striking paragraph (17) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The term ‘elder justice’ means— ‘‘(A) from a societal perspective, efforts 
to— 
‘‘(i) prevent, detect, treat, intervene in, 
and prosecute elder abuse, neglect, and ex-ploitation; and 
‘‘(ii) protect older individuals with dimin-
ished capacity while maximizing their au-tonomy; and 
‘‘(B) from an individual perspective, the 
recognition of an older individual’s rights, including the right to be free of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (18)(A), by striking ‘‘term 
‘exploitation’ means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘exploitation’ and ‘financial exploitation’ mean’’. 
SEC. 3. ADMINISTRATION ON AGING. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES .—Section 201 of the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3011) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3)— 
(A) in subparagraph (H), by striking 
‘‘202(a)(21)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(18)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (L)— (i) by striking ‘‘Older Americans Act 
Amendments of 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘712(h)(4).’’ and inserting 
‘‘712(h)(5); and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) collect and analyze best practices re-
lated to responding to elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation in long-term care facilities, and publish a report of such best practices.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and in coordination with the heads of State adult protective services programs and the Direc-tor of the Office of Long-Term Care Ombuds-man Programs’’ after ‘‘and services’’. 
(b) T
RAINING .—Section 202 of the Older 
Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3012) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘health 
and economic’’ before ‘‘needs of older indi-viduals’’; 
(B) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘health 
and economic’’ before ‘‘welfare’’; 
(C) in paragraph (14), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration)’’ after ‘‘other agencies’’; 
(D) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(E) in paragraph (28), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting a semicolon; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) provide information and technical as-
sistance to States, area agencies on aging, and service providers, in collaboration with relevant Federal agencies, on providing effi-cient, person-centered transportation serv-ices, including across geographic boundaries; 
‘‘(30) identify model programs and provide 
information and technical assistance to States, area agencies on aging, and service providers (including providers operating multipurpose senior centers), to support the 
modernization of multipurpose senior cen-ters; and 
‘‘(31) provide technical assistance to and 
share best practices with States, area agen-cies on aging, and Aging and Disability Re-source Centers, on how to collaborate and coordinate services with health care entities, such as Federally-qualified health centers, as defined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B)), in order to improve care coordination for indi-viduals with multiple chronic illnesses.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) when feasible, developing, in con-
sultation with States and national organiza-tions, a consumer-friendly tool to assist older individuals and their families in choos-ing home and community-based services, with a particular focus on ways for con-sumers to assess how providers protect the health, safety, welfare, and rights, including the rights provided under section 314, of older individuals;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘to 
identify and articulate goals of care and’’ after ‘‘individuals’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘respond to or’’ before 
‘‘plan’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘future long-term care 
needs; and’’ and inserting ‘‘long-term care needs;’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to provide information and referrals 
regarding available home and community- based services for individuals who are at risk for residing in, or who reside in, institu-tional settings, so that the individuals have the choice to remain in or to return to the community;’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) The Assistant Secretary shall, as ap-
propriate, ensure that programs authorized under this Act include appropriate training in the prevention of abuse, neglect, and ex-ploitation and provision of services that ad-dress elder justice and the exploitation of older individuals.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS .—Section 207(a) of the Older 
Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3018(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘202(a)(19)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘202(a)(16)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘202(a)(17)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘202(a)(14)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 216 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3020f) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2007, 2008, 
2009, 2010, and 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 2017, and 2018’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘202(a)(24)’’ and inserting 
‘‘202(a)(21)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 
2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 2017, and 2018’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2007, 2008, 
2009, 2010, and 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, 2017, and 2018’’. 
SEC. 4. STATE AND COMMUNITY PROGRAMS ON 
AGING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 303 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3023) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2007’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2007’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2007’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2007’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘2011’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2011 and each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(b) A
LLOTMENT .—Section 304 of the Older 
Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3024) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking sub-
paragraph (D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(D)(i) For each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2018, no State shall be allotted an amount that is less than 99 percent of the amount allotted to such State for the pre-vious fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) For fiscal year 2019 and each subse-
quent fiscal year, no State shall be allotted an amount that is less than 100 percent of the amount allotted to such State for fiscal year 2018.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subpart 1 
of’’. 
(c) P
LANNING AND SERVICE AREAS .—Section 
305(b)(5)(C)(i)(III) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3025(b)(5)(C)(i)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘planning and services areas’’ and inserting ‘‘planning and service areas’’. 
(d) A
REAPLANS .—Section 306 of the Older 
Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.028 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5160 July 16, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘estab-
lishment, maintenance, or construction of multipurpose senior centers,’’ and inserting ‘‘establishment, maintenance, moderniza-tion, or construction of multipurpose senior centers (including a plan to use the skills and services of older individuals in paid and unpaid work, including multigenerational and older individual to older individual work),’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) in coordination with the State agency 
and with the State agency responsible for elder abuse prevention services, increase public awareness of elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation, and remove barriers to edu-cation, prevention, investigation, and treat-ment of elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation, as appropriate;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as 
subparagraph (L); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the 
following: 
‘‘(K) protection from elder abuse, neglect, 
and exploitation; and’’. 
(e) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 307(a)(2)(A) of 
the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3027(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘202(a)(29)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(26)’’. 
(f) N
UTRITION SERVICES INCENTIVE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 311(e) of the Older Americans 
Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030a(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2007’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018.’’. 
(g) S
UPPORTIVE SERVICES .—Section 321 of 
the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030d) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or refer-
ral services’’ and inserting ‘‘referral, chronic condition self-care management, or falls pre-vention services’’; 
(B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘(includ-
ing’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘(including mental and behavioral health screening and falls prevention serv-ices screening) to detect or prevent (or both) illnesses and injuries that occur most fre-quently in older individuals;’’ and 
(C) in paragraph (15), by inserting before 
the semicolon the following: ‘‘, and screening for elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘or 
modernization’’ after ‘‘construction’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by inserting before the 
period the following: ‘‘, and pursue opportu-nities for the development of intergenera-tional shared site models for programs or projects, consistent with the purposes of this Act’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘adult child 
with a disability’ means a child who— 
‘‘(1) is age 18 or older; ‘‘(2) is financially dependent on an older in-
dividual who is a parent of the child; and 
‘‘(3) has a disability.’’. 
(h) H
OME DELIVERED NUTRITION SERVICES  
PROGRAM .—Section 336(1) of the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030f(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘canned’’ and all that follows through ‘‘meals’’ and inserting ‘‘canned, or fresh foods and, as appropriate, supplemental foods, and any additional meals’’. 
(i) N
UTRITION SERVICES .—Section 339 of the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030g– 21) is amended 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘solicit’’ 
and inserting ‘‘utilize’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (K), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(L) where feasible, encourages the use of 
locally grown foods in meal programs and identifies potential partnerships and con-tracts with local producers and providers of locally grown foods.’’. 
(j) E
VIDENCE -BASED DISEASE PREVENTION  
AND HEALTH PROMOTION SERVICES PRO-
GRAM .—Part D of title III of the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030m et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in the part heading, by inserting ‘‘E
VI-
DENCE -BASED ’’ before ‘‘D ISEASE ’’; and 
(2) in section 361(a), by inserting ‘‘evi-
dence-based’’ after ‘‘to provide’’. 
(k) O LDER RELATIVE CAREGIVERS .— 
(1) T ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Part E of title 
III of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030s et seq.) is amended by striking the subpart heading for subpart 1. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 372 of such Act 
(42 U.S.C. 3030s) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or who is 
an individual with a disability’’; and 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH A DISABILITY .—The 
term ‘individual with a disability’ means an individual with a disability, as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102), who is not less than age 18 and not more than age 59. 
‘‘(3) O
LDER RELATIVE CAREGIVER .—The term 
‘older relative caregiver’ means a caregiver who— 
‘‘(A)(i) is age 55 or older; and ‘‘(ii) lives with, is the informal provider of 
in-home and community care to, and is the primary caregiver for, a child or an indi-vidual with a disability; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a caregiver for a child— ‘‘(i) is the grandparent, stepgrandparent, 
or other relative (other than the parent) by blood, marriage, or adoption, of the child; 
‘‘(ii) is the primary caregiver of the child 
because the biological or adoptive parents are unable or unwilling to serve as the pri-mary caregivers of the child; and 
‘‘(iii) has a legal relationship to the child, 
such as legal custody, adoption, or guardian-ship, or is raising the child informally; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of a caregiver for an indi-
vidual with a disability, is the parent, grand-parent, or other relative by blood, marriage, or adoption, of the individual with a dis-ability.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘family caregivers’’ and insert-ing ‘‘part, for family caregivers’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(iii) by striking paragraph (2). 
(l) N
ATIONAL FAMILY CAREGIVER SUPPORT  
PROGRAM .—Section 373 of the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030s–1) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘grand-
parents or older individuals who are relative caregivers.’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘grand-parents and older individuals who are rel-ative caregivers, and who’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers, who’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘to 
older individuals providing care to individ-uals with severe disabilities, including chil-dren with severe disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘to older relative caregivers of children with severe disabilities, or individuals with dis-
abilities who have severe disabilities’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘grand-
parents or older individuals who are relative caregivers’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘for 
fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year’’; and 
(5) in subsection (g)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘grandparents and older individuals who are relative caregivers of a child who is not more than 18 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers’’. 
(m) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Part E of 
title III is amended by striking ‘‘this sub-part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘this part’’. 
SEC. 5. ACTIVITIES FOR HEALTH, INDEPEND-
ENCE, AND LONGEVITY. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAMS .—Section 411 of the 
Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (13) as 
paragraph (14); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (12) the 
following: 
‘‘(13) continuing support for program integ-
rity initiatives concerning the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) that train senior volunteers to prevent and identify health care fraud and abuse; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
years 2007’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(b) N
ATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS .—Section 
418(b) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032g(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘a national meeting to train’’ and inserting ‘‘national trainings for’’. 
(c) L
EGAL ASSISTANCE FOR OLDER AMERI-
CANS .—Section 420(c) of the Older Americans 
Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032i(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘national’’. 
(d) R
EPEALS .—Sections 415, 419, and 421 of 
the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032d, 3032h, 3032j) are repealed. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
417(a)(1)(A) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032f(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘grandparents and other older indi-viduals who are relative caregivers’’ and in-serting ‘‘older relative caregivers (as defined in section 372)’’. 
SEC. 6. COMMUNITY SERVICE SENIOR OPPORTU-
NITIES. 
Section 517(a) of the Older Americans Act 
of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056o(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
SEC. 7. GRANTS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS. 
Section 643(2) of the Older Americans Act 
of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3057n(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
SEC. 8. VULNERABLE ELDER RIGHTS PROTEC-
TION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) O MBUDSMAN DEFINITIONS .—Section 
711(6) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058f(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘older’’. 
(b) O
MBUDSMAN PROGRAMS .—Section 712 of 
the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058g) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The Ombudsman shall be re-sponsible for the management, including the fiscal management, of the Office.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause 
(i) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.028 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5161 July 16, 2015 
‘‘(i) are made by, or on behalf of, residents, 
including residents with limited or no deci-sionmaking capacity and who have no known legal representative, and if such a resident is unable to communicate consent for an Om-budsman to work on a complaint directly in-volving the resident, the Ombudsman shall seek evidence to indicate what outcome the resident would have communicated (and, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, shall assume that the resident wishes to have the resident’s health, safety, welfare, and rights protected) and shall work to ac-complish that outcome; and’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘reg-
ular and timely’’ and inserting ‘‘regular, timely, private, and unimpeded’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (H)(iii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, actively encourage, and 
assist in’’ after ‘‘provide technical support for’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as 
subparagraph (J); and 
(v) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the 
following: 
‘‘(I) when feasible, continue to carry out 
the functions described in this section on be-half of residents transitioning from a long- term care facility to a home care setting; and’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(B)— (i) in clause (vi)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, actively encourage, and 
assist in’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause 
(viii); and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vii) identify, investigate, and resolve 
complaints described in clause (iii) that are made by or on behalf of residents with lim-ited or no decisionmaking capacity and who have no known legal representative, and if such a resident is unable to communicate consent for an Ombudsman to work on a complaint directly involving the resident, the Ombudsman shall seek evidence to indi-cate what outcome the resident would have communicated (and, in the absence of evi-dence to the contrary, shall assume that the resident wishes to have the resident’s health, safety, welfare, and rights protected) and shall work to accomplish that outcome; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ac-
cess’’ and inserting ‘‘private and unimpeded access’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), 
by striking ‘‘the medical and social records of a’’ and inserting ‘‘all files, records, and other information concerning a’’; and 
(bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘to con-
sent’’ and inserting ‘‘to communicate con-sent’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), in the matter before sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘the records’’ and in-serting ‘‘the files, records, and information’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) H
EALTH OVERSIGHT AGENCY .—For pur-
poses of section 264(c) of the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (including regulations issued under that section) (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), the Ombuds-man and a representative of the Office shall be considered a ‘health oversight agency,’ so that release of residents’ individually identi-fiable health information to the Ombudsman or representative is not precluded in cases in which the requirements of clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(B), or the requirements of paragraph (1)(D), are otherwise met.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(D), by striking 
‘‘202(a)(21)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(18)’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘files’’ 
and inserting ‘‘files, records, and other infor-mation’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘files and records’’ each 
place such term appears and inserting ‘‘files, records, and other information’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘files or records’’ and in-
serting ‘‘files, records, or other informa-tion’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) notwithstanding subparagraph (B), en-
sure that the Ombudsman may disclose in-formation as needed in order to best serve residents with limited or no decisionmaking capacity who have no known legal represent-ative and are unable to communicate con-sent, in order for the Ombudsman to carry out the functions and duties described in paragraphs (3)(A) and (5)(B) of subsection (a).’’; and 
(5) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .— 
‘‘(1) I NDIVIDUAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST .— 
The State agency shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that no individual, or member 
of the immediate family of an individual, in-volved in the designation of the Ombudsman (whether by appointment or otherwise) or the designation of an entity designated under subsection (a)(5), is subject to a con-flict of interest; 
‘‘(B) ensure that no officer or employee of 
the Office, representative of a local Ombuds-man entity, or member of the immediate family of the officer, employee, or represent-ative, is subject to a conflict of interest; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that the Ombudsman— ‘‘(i) does not have a direct involvement in 
the licensing or certification of a long-term care facility or of a provider of a long-term care service; 
‘‘(ii) does not have an ownership or invest-
ment interest (represented by equity, debt, or other financial relationship) in a long- 
term care facility or a long-term care serv-ice; 
‘‘(iii) is not employed by, or participating 
in the management of, a long-term care fa-cility or a related organization, and has not been employed by such a facility or organiza-tion within 1 year before the date of the de-termination involved; 
‘‘(iv) does not receive, or have the right to 
receive, directly or indirectly, remuneration (in cash or in kind) under a compensation ar-rangement with an owner or operator of a long-term care facility; 
‘‘(v) does not have management responsi-
bility for, or operate under the supervision of an individual with management responsi-bility for, adult protective services; and 
‘‘(vi) does not serve as a guardian or in an-
other fiduciary capacity for residents of long-term care facilities in an official capac-ity (as opposed to serving as a guardian or fi-duciary for a family member, in a personal capacity). 
‘‘(2) O
RGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTER -
EST.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State agency shall 
comply with subparagraph (B)(i) in a case in which the Office poses an organizational con-flict of interest, including a situation in which the Office is placed in an organization that— 
‘‘(i) is responsible for licensing, certifying, 
or surveying long-term care services in the State; ‘‘(ii) is an association (or an affiliate of 
such an association) of long-term care facili-ties, or of any other residential facilities for older individuals; 
‘‘(iii) provides long-term care services, in-
cluding programs carried out under a Med-icaid waiver approved under section 1115 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315) or under subsection (b) or (c) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n), or under a Medicaid State plan amendment under subsection (i), (j), or (k) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n); 
‘‘(iv) provides long-term care case manage-
ment; 
‘‘(v) sets rates for long-term care services; ‘‘(vi) provides adult protective services; ‘‘(vii) is responsible for eligibility deter-
minations for the Medicaid program carried out under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); 
‘‘(viii) conducts preadmission screening for 
placements in facilities described in clause (ii); or 
‘‘(ix) makes decisions regarding admission 
or discharge of individuals to or from such facilities. 
‘‘(B) I
DENTIFYING , REMOVING , AND REM -
EDYING ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State agency may 
not operate the Office or carry out the pro-gram, directly, or by contract or other ar-rangement with any public agency or non-profit private organization, in a case in which there is an organizational conflict of interest (within the meaning of subpara-graph (A)) unless such conflict of interest has been— 
‘‘(I) identified by the State agency; ‘‘(II) disclosed by the State agency to the 
Assistant Secretary in writing; and 
‘‘(III) remedied in accordance with this 
subparagraph. 
‘‘(ii) A
CTION BY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—In a 
case in which a potential or actual organiza-tional conflict of interest (within the mean-ing of subparagraph (A)) involving the Office is disclosed or reported to the Assistant Sec-retary by any person or entity, the Assistant Secretary shall require that the State agen-cy, in accordance with the policies and pro-cedures established by the State agency under subsection (a)(5)(D)(iii)— 
‘‘(I) remove the conflict; or ‘‘(II) submit, and obtain the approval of 
the Assistant Secretary for, an adequate re-medial plan that indicates how the Ombuds-man will be unencumbered in fulfilling all of the functions specified in subsection (a)(3).’’; and 
(6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘older’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking all that 
precedes ‘‘procedures’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(4) strengthen and update’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (9) as paragraphs (5) through (10), re-spectively; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ensure that the Ombudsman or a des-
ignee participates in training provided by the National Ombudsman Resource Center established in section 202(a)(18);’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6)(A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (5)’’; 
(F) in paragraph (7)(A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘subtitle C of the’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-title C of title I of the’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (10), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘(6), or (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.028 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5162 July 16, 2015 
(c) O MBUDSMAN REGULATIONS .—Section 713 
of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058h) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (1) and (2) of section 712(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 712(f)(1)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpara-
graphs (A) through (D) of section 712(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) through (vi) of sec-tion 712(f)(1)(C)’’. 
(d) P
REVENTION OF ELDER ABUSE , NEGLECT , 
ANDEXPLOITATION .—Section 721 of the Older 
Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058i) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘(including financial exploi-tation)’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) 
through (12) as paragraphs (6) through (13), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) promoting the submission of data on 
elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation for the appropriate database of the Administration or another database specified by the Assist-ant Secretary;’’; 
(D) in paragraph (10)(C), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph— 
(i) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, such as fo-
rensic specialists,’’ after ‘‘such personnel’’; and 
(ii) in clause (v), by inserting before the 
comma the following: ‘‘, including programs and arrangements that protect against fi-nancial exploitation’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (12), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph— 
(i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) supporting and studying innovative 
practices in communities to develop partner-ships across disciplines for the prevention, investigation, and prosecution of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(9)(B)(i)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(10)(B)(i)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(9)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(10)(B)(ii)’’. 
SEC. 9. BEHAVIORAL HEALTH. 
The Older Americans Act of 1965 is amend-
ed— 
(1) in section 102 (42 U.S.C. 3002)— (A) in paragraph (14)(G), by inserting ‘‘and 
behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; 
(B) in paragraph (36), by inserting ‘‘and be-
havioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and 
behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; 
(2) in section 201(f)(1) (42 U.S.C. 3011(f)(1)), 
by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘men-tal’’; 
(3) in section 202(a)(5) (42 U.S.C. 3012(a)(5)), 
by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘men-tal’’; 
(4) in section 306(a) (42 U.S.C. 3026(a))— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and 
behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (6)(F), by striking ‘‘men-
tal health services’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘mental and behavioral health services’’; and 
(5) in section 321(a) (42 U.S.C. 3030d)— (A) in paragraph (1), as amended by section 
4(g), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; 
(B) in paragraph (14)(B), by inserting ‘‘and 
behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (23), by inserting ‘‘and be-
havioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’. SEC. 10. GUIDANCE ON SERVING HOLOCAUST 
SURVIVORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Because the services 
under the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) are critical to meeting the urgent needs of Holocaust survivors to age in place with dignity, comfort, security, and quality of life, the Assistant Secretary for Aging shall issue guidance to States, that 
shall be applicable to States, area agencies on aging, and providers of services for older individuals, with respect to serving Holo-caust survivors, including guidance on prom-ising practices for conducting outreach to that population. In developing the guidance, the Assistant Secretary for Aging shall con-sult with experts and organizations serving Holocaust survivors, and shall take into ac-count the possibility that the needs of Holo-caust survivors may differ based on geog-raphy. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance shall include 
the following: 
(1) How nutrition service providers may 
meet the special health-related or other die-tary needs of participants in programs under the Older Americans Act of 1965, including needs based on religious, cultural, or ethnic requirements. 
(2) How transportation service providers 
may address the urgent transportation needs of Holocaust survivors. 
(3) How State long-term care ombudsmen 
may address the unique needs of residents of long-term care facilities for whom institu-tional settings may produce sights, sounds, smells, emotions, and routines, that can in-duce panic, anxiety, and retraumatization as a result of experiences from the Holocaust. 
(4) How supportive services providers may 
consider the unique needs of Holocaust sur-vivors. 
(5) How other services provided under that 
Act, as determined by the Assistant Sec-retary for Aging, may serve Holocaust sur-vivors. 
(c) D
ATE OF ISSUANCE .—The guidance de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall be issued not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the 
Senate has now passed the reauthoriza-tion of the Older Americans Act by voice vote. 
As the chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Aging and as a Senator who represents a State with the highest me-dian age, I am well aware of how im-portant the programs authorized by this law are to our Nation’s seniors. They include, for example, Meals on Wheels, which is a wonderful program that allows so many of our seniors to stay in their own homes and yet have their nutritional needs met. I also know how much the seniors in my State look forward to the visits from those who are delivering Meals on Wheels. It is a way that their health and well-being can be checked on. In some cases, it may be the only social interaction they have on a given day. 
In my State, the five area agencies 
on aging are very active in delivering the services needed for the seniors in that particular community or region in my State, particularly in rural Maine, where there may be an absence of serv-ices, such as caregiving services. The 
area agency on aging plays an abso-lutely critical role. In some other areas of the State, under the Older Ameri-cans Act programs, transportation services are provided to our seniors, legal services, whatever is needed. 
One of the provisions of this bill in 
which I have a particular interest is the strengthening of the role of the ombudsman for long-term care. That is important for the quality of care our seniors are receiving in nursing homes and other institutionalized settings. But the great thing about the Older Americans Act is that it helps many of our seniors avoid nursing homes and instead remain in the comfort, secu-rity, and privacy of their own homes— just where they want to be. 
This bill also takes steps to help safe-
guard older Americans from abuse and financial exploitation. I know from the hearings we have held before the Aging Committee that this is a growing prob-lem. In fact, in the year 2011, it is esti-mated that older Americans lost some $2.9 billion due to schemes that were foisted on them. That probably is a greatly understated number because, sadly, 90 percent of this exploitation comes from people the senior knows well—either a relative, a trusted ad-viser, or a caregiver. Oftentimes, sen-iors are very hesitant to report these crimes because they don’t want to get a loved one in trouble or they are sim-ply too embarrassed to go to the police. 
We have held hearings on how tech-
nology has made the Do Not Call list virtually useless these days because unfortunately technology allows people from call centers in India, for example, to call into this country pretending to be a member of the Internal Revenue Service or the local police department. Well, when a senior sees on the caller ID that the Department of Treasury from Washington, DC, is calling, they are going to pick up the phone, and thus the exploitation begins. 
We are making a real effort on the 
Aging Committee to educate seniors about these con artists and the tech-niques they use to try to rip off people of all ages but with a particular focus on our senior citizens. So I am pleased that the Older Americans Act is fo-cused on financial exploitation and try-ing to stop that kind of abuse. 
In short, the reauthorization of these 
important programs under the Older Americans Act is long overdue. While we have continued to fund them, the reauthorization expired years ago, and I am very pleased that the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, of which the Presiding Of-ficer is such a valuable member, have worked together to produce the bipar-tisan bill we just passed. This shows what the Senate can do when we work together to meet the needs of our citi-zens. 
It is an honor to be on the floor to 
manage this bill. I hope, since it was 50 years ago this month when the Older 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.028 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5163 July 16, 2015 
Americans Act first passed, that we 
can move rapidly to see it approved by the House of Representatives as well and signed into law by the President. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, 50 
years ago this week, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Older Americans Act, which enshrined into law our re-sponsibility for helping seniors live healthier, fuller, and more independent lives. Fifty years later, I am pleased Congress has worked to reauthorize the Older Americans Act to once again up-hold that promise of our Nation. And I am pleased we came together in a bi-partisan way to provide important sup-port for seniors in my home State of Washington and those across the coun-try. 
I especially thank Senators A
LEX-
ANDER , SANDERS , and B URR for all of 
their hard work on this bill. I believe we should be doing everything we can to support seniors so they can lead healthy, independent lives. Improving opportunities for seniors is part of how we can restore some much-needed eco-nomic security for them. And it is how we can help ensure our country is working for all Americans, not just the wealthiest few. 
But today, far too many seniors find 
themselves skipping meals or going hungry, instead of getting the nutri-tion they need. In fact, 9.3 million sen-iors in our country face the threat of hunger, according to a 2012 report. And in my home State of Washington, 13.5 percent of seniors struggle with hun-ger. 
As if that isn’t enough, many seniors 
face other serious challenges, like elder abuse. That can include mistreatment in a nursing home or financial exploi-tation. This bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act supports crucial social services and nutrition programs for seniors. 
As one example, this bill sustains our 
investment in Meals on Wheels. In my home State of Washington, more than 460,000 seniors enroll in that program. Meals on Wheels is a critical lifeline for them. It is an important invest-ment for our country. For every dollar we invest in Meals on Wheels, we can save up to $50 in Medicaid spending, ac-cording to a study from the Center for Effective Government. Among other important provisions, the bill also strengthens programs to combat elder abuse. 
This bill focuses on the critical im-
portance of both abuse screenings and prevention efforts, and it would im-prove the response to abuse, neglect, and exploitation in long-term care fa-cilities. It also puts a key emphasis on evidence-based public health programs. 
It bolsters transportation programs, 
and it ensures that OAA programs in-clude a focus on seniors’ behavioral health needs. I am proud that this bill is the result of strong bipartisan work. It proves yet again that when Repub-licans and Democrats work together, we can get results, so I hope we can 
build on this progress. 
I want to continue to work with Re-
publicans to find common ground and get results for families and commu-nities in Washington State and across the country. And I hope to continue to work on ways to restore economic sta-bility and security to more seniors. 
In 1965, at the original signing of the 
Older Americans Act, President John-son said the true significance of this bill would be in its results. He said he hoped the bill would, quote, ‘‘help us to expand our opportunities for enriching the lives of all of our citizens in our country, now and in the years to come.’’ 
Reauthorizing this law will carry out 
that mission and expand opportunities so more seniors can lead healthy, inde-pendent lives. It is an important part of our work to help the economy grow from the middle out, not the top down. It will be another step toward making sure our government is working for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
Today, I call on all my colleagues to 
support this bill. Let’s reauthorize the Older Americans Act and live up to our Nation’s responsibility to seniors across the country. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am glad 
the Senate has turned today to the re-authorization of the programs under the Older Americans Act. For decades, this law has provided community as-sistance to seniors in underserved and rural areas across the country, but un-fortunately, these programs have gone unauthorized since 2011. As our popu-lation ages, seniors face an increased need for community resources, which is what makes this bill so important. 
The Older Americans Reauthoriza-
tion Act of 2015 will prioritize funding for crucial community and in-home services that offer the protection and reassurance for seniors requiring spe-cialized care. The bill will reauthorize transportation assistance and home-de-livered nutrition programs. It will also strengthen State grants for in-home caregiver support. Through the coordi-nation of community and health care providers, the bill will improve disease promotion services and increase men-tal health awareness among elderly populations. Furthermore, the legisla-tion will strengthen programs that pre-vent senior abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation by holding health facilities and adult care homes accountable for pro-moting excellent patient care. 
These programs have given seniors in 
Vermont and across the country the chance for independence and wellbeing long after retirement. This is not a partisan issue, but one we can all agree requires our dedication and support. I am pleased to cosponsor this legisla-tion and wish to thank Senators M
UR-
RAY, ALEXANDER , SANDERS , and B URR 
for making this issue a priority this Congress. I am pleased the Senate has passed this legislation, which will help to improve the livelihood of our Na-tion’s seniors. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, once 
again I see my good friend Senator C
OLLINS fighting for all of the good 
people of her State and all of our States and raising important issues— issues that I dealt with, quite honestly, quite a bit when I was attorney general of my State. Exploitation is a horrible practice that takes away the dignity and the opportunity for a healthy life of an elderly American citizen. So I congratulate the Senator from Maine on her fine work, and I pledge my full support as she moves forward with this bill. 
I thank the Senator from Maine. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, 
today, as I do most Thursdays in this Senate, I rise to speak about the young men from my State of North Dakota who went to Vietnam and certainly those who died while serving in the Vietnam war. As I have said before, the families of each of these 198 fallen North Dakotans deserve to have Amer-ica pause to honor and remember each of them. 
Before I speak about some of the 
North Dakotans who are missing or who died during the Vietnam war, I wish to thank Author ‘‘Tom’’ Mandan, a Vietnam veteran from New Town, ND, who is an inspiration to our State and to our country. 
In 1966, Tom chose to enlist in the 
Army. He was stationed in Vietnam as a medic. He volunteered to extend his time in Vietnam twice and spent a total of 3 years there. The Army awarded him with a Purple Heart and Bronze Star with the V device to de-note his heroism involving conflict with the armed enemy. 
Tom comes from a family who is also 
an example of service to our country. Tom and his four brothers all served in Vietnam, each one after the other. Pre-viously, their father, Victor Mandan, served our country in World War II. 
When Tom returned to the United 
States from Vietnam, he raised his family and became a teacher. He en-joyed teaching fourth graders in Mandari and teaching the Hidatsa lan-guage to elementary and middle school students. Tom retired from teaching and now serves the Mandan Hidatsa Arikara Nation, working full time as tribal liaison for elders and veterans. 
Tom is a proud father and proud 
grandfather, but he is humbled about his important contributions to his tribe, to his State, and to his country. 
Tom’s first cousin, Myron Johnson, 
who was like a brother to Tom, also served in Vietnam and was killed in ac-tion there. I now would like to talk about Myron and four other young men who didn’t come home from the war. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.053 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5164 July 16, 2015 
MYRON ‘‘CHIEF ’S HIGH ’’ JOHNSON  
Myron ‘‘Chief’s High’’ Johnson was 
born September 26, 1948. He was from Mandaree and was an enrolled member of the Mandan Hidatsa Arikara Nation. He served in the Army’s 1st Battalion, 46th Infantry, Americal Division. Myron died March 28, 1971. He was 22 years old. 
He was the sixth of nine children 
born to Melvin Johnson and Eloise Mandan Johnson. His siblings said that Myron had a magnetic personality and was kind and sincere to everyone who met him. When people reminisce about Myron, they always talk about how much they loved him. 
Myron enjoyed riding bucking horses 
and was a top contender in the Amer-ican Indian Rodeo Association. He was also a good hunter and a great shot. 
In Vietnam, Myron’s best friend 
Richard Boehm and 32 other American soldiers were killed in action when Firebase Mary Ann was attacked. Myron received many medals for his honorable and distinguished service in Vietnam. 
Diane Johnson is Myron’s sister and 
my great friend. Diane said that after Myron’s death, he was escorted by his first cousin, John Morsette, who, in the Indian way, was Myron’s brother. John Morsette served two tours in Vietnam and also was highly decorated. John told Diane that taking Myron home was the hardest thing he ever did. The trail of cars accompanying Myron from the Minot Airport back to his home in Mandaree was miles long. 
In addition to his parents and sib-
lings, Myron left his wife Sharol and daughter Melanie. Myron’s family said that his death left a permanent scarred hole that can never be filled. They will continue to honor veterans and honor Myron for giving his life for his coun-try. 
The Mandaree American Legion Post 
271 is named after Myron and Myron’s nephew, Nathan Good Iron, who was killed in Afghanistan in 2006. 
The Mandaree American Legion Post 
honors me consistently by allowing me to enter with their shawl at American pow-wows and honors me by allowing me to walk with Nathan’s mother Har-riet as we honor her as a Gold Star Mother. 
For over 30 years, Myron’s mother, 
despite her limited resources, honored Myron by giving away star quilts and shawls she made in Myron’s name. These giveaways were held throughout the years at various flag raisings, var-ious pow-wows, and Memorial Day and Veterans Day services. 
On Myron’s mother’s death bed, she 
looked up and smiled and said in her native language, ‘‘Oh my son, you’re here. You’ve finally come to see me.’’ 
FRANCIS DOWLING  
Francis Dowling was from Coopers-
town, and he was born July 13, 1929. He served as a sergeant major in the Army’s First Infantry Division. Francis was 38 years old when he died on October 17, 1967. Francis was one of eight children. His 
two brothers also served in the Viet-nam war—George in the Air Force and Forrest in the Marines. We were unable to reach any of Francis’s family mem-bers, but according to a remembrance written by Jim Shelton, who served with him, Francis was a brave and a loyal soldier. Jim described Francis as ‘‘tall, handsome, and professional,’’ with a strong sense of humor. 
Michael Meyers also served with 
Francis, and he recalls that Francis was easily 6 feet 6 inches tall and was very muscular. Michael said, ‘‘He was so big people thought he was mean, but 97 percent of the time he had a big smile on his face.’’ 
Francis died during an ambush when 
he was trying to shield his wounded commanding officer from further fire. Francis is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. 
GLENN MAIER  
Glenn Maier was from Bismarck and 
was born December 31, 1949. He served in the Navy and was trained as a fire-man. Glenn died July 11, 1970, when he was 20 years old. 
This Senator has the pleasure of 
knowing Glenn’s family. His parents, Vi and Chuck Tracy, lived just two doors down from my house where I raised my family in Mandan. 
Glenn’s father, Ervin Maier, served 
our country in the military and died when Glenn was very young. Vi later married Chuck Tracy, and they raised Glenn together. Vi and Chuck also gave Glenn a brother, Bob, and a sister, Sue. Bob and Sue said that Glenn was a happy-go-lucky guy. They remember him riding his Vespa scooter and enjoy-ing time with his friends and especially playing a lot of pinochle. 
Glenn’s sister Sue chuckles when she 
thinks about growing up and Glenn not knowing how to swim. Even though Sue was younger by 6 years, she tried to teach him how to swim in the small swimming holes on the sandbars of the Missouri River. When Glenn decided to enlist in the Navy, she joked with him that he was foolish, but he assured her that the Navy would make sure he could swim. 
Glenn’s brother Bob is grateful for 
meeting other men who served with Glenn in the Navy. They told Bob sto-ries about Glenn’s service, like how de-spite being trained in the Navy as a firefighter, Glenn served on a swift boat in brown waters running machine guns. They said they always requested Glenn for missions because he was so good with .50-caliber machine guns. The month he was killed, he was sched-uled to leave Vietnam to train in the United States as a Navy SEAL. 
JOHN TAGUE  
John Tague was from Burlington. He 
was born December 2, 1945. John served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. He was 22 years old when he died on June 16, 1968. 
He was the oldest child in his family, 
and he had three sisters: Alice, Geor-gia, and Jody. Alice and Georgia said that John loved to hunt and fish and 
did so at every opportunity. His golden retriever followed him everywhere, es-pecially when he went hunting. 
After high school, John joined the 
Job Corps, where he helped teach oth-ers about life and taking care of them-selves. The Wahpeton Job Corps hon-ored John for his outstanding work by naming a building after him. When that facility closed, Jobs Corps gave John’s family the building sign with John’s name. 
John’s sisters appreciate that their 
former Des Lacs Burlington High School classmates are planning to honor John in a parade float this sum-mer. 
In Vietnam, John served as a field 
communications electronics equipment mechanic. John was about 6 months into his tour of duty when he was se-verely burned. Shortly thereafter, he was flown to Japan, where he died of his injuries. He was laid to rest in Rose Hill Memorial Park in Minot. 
LOWELL EINARSON  
Lowell Einarson was from Bantry 
and was born March 18, 1938. He served in the Navy as a shipfitter. Lowell was 28 years old when he died on September 1, 1966. 
Lowell and his sister Marilyn were 
the children of immigrants from Ice-land, Joe and Sophie Einarson. They grew up on a small farm outside of Bantry. 
Lowell’s niece Vonda remembers 
hearing her mother Marilyn telling stories about how she and Lowell trav-eled to school in the winter by cross- country skiing. Marilyn told Vonda that Lowell was a strong young man who watched over her and took care of her, taking care of the many chores, especially after Marilyn was diagnosed with polio at age 7. 
Shortly after completing high school, 
Lowell enlisted in the Navy. He served for 10 years until he died of a heart at-tack during the early part of the Viet-nam war. 
Marilyn cherished the three sets of 
china Lowell brought home for her, their mother, and for himself. Sadly, Marilyn lost her belongings, including Lowell’s china, when her home burned down in the 1970s. 
Lowell’s niece Sue keeps a rubbing of 
Lowell’s name etched on the Vietnam Memorial Wall, and shared that several family members have said that Lowell’s nephew Mitch resembles Low-ell. 
I continue to speak here on the floor 
of the U.S. Senate about the lives and deaths of North Dakotans who died while serving in the war because these men remain in our hearts, and they certainly remain in the hearts of the wonderful families we have had an op-portunity to get to know during our work on this project. 
The 2012 Presidential Proclamation 
on the Commemoration of the 50th An-niversary of the Vietnam War states: 
In the reflection of The Wall, we see the 
military family members and veterans who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.062 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5165 July 16, 2015 
carry a pain that may never fade. May they 
find peace in knowing their loved ones en-dure, not only in medals and memories, but in the hearts of all Americans, who are for-ever grateful for their service, valor, and sac-rifice. 
It is so important that we never for-
get the sacrifice of those who served in Vietnam or the sacrifice of those who serve today, and that is why I consider it such a privilege to tell the stories of those who did not make it home and listen to the stories of those who did. 
I want to share with you a song that 
was sung at the recent Vietnam Memo-rial Exhibit at the Fargo Air Museum in May. I was really moved by a local poet and local performing artist, Shaun Schipper, who was able to sing this song to honor those who served, and I would like to read the lyrics of his song, which is called ‘‘Nineteen Years Old.’’ I am not going to sing it, and all of you should be very excited that I am not singing it. I couldn’t do justice to the words he wrote. 
He wrote: 
nineteen years old six months from prom 
out in a jungle in Vietnam so scared don’t wanna die thinking bout home, tears in my eyes 
what are we fighting for, I’m so sick of war 
I bet the guys on the other side wanna go home like I do miss your mom and dad, the life I had I pray to God I’ll get back home again to be with you 
search and destroy, kill or be killed 
mayhem out here in the battlefield adrenaline flowing another sleepless night holding my M16, ready for a fight 
here in the trenches fear everywhere 
death and destruction smoke in the air mortars grenades deafening sounds shrapnel and bullets flying all around praying to God calling for mom’s another buddy dies in Vietnam another buddy dies in Vietnam and it goes on and on and on and on 
what are we fighting for, I am so sick of war 
I bet the guys on the other side Wanna go home like I do 
I want to thank him, and I know he 
was greatly moved by and inspired to write this song by encountering a Viet-nam vet. I think all of us who have had those experiences meeting veterans and people who serve can’t help but be moved by the quality of their contin-ued devotion to their brothers-in-arms but also the quality of their service. 
CONNECT WITH VETERANS ACT  
So I was moved to doing something 
for veterans, making sure that our vet-erans have an opportunity when they return home to basically reconnect with their families. So while each week I come to the Senate floor to honor the persons who gave their lives in the Vietnam war, to truly honor them and our current servicemembers and vet-erans, we have to make real changes to better support them. 
Today I am proud to reintroduce a bi-
partisan bill with Senators M
ORAN , 
KING, and B OOZMAN that would better 
connect our Nation’s new veterans with the services, resources, and bene-fits that are available right at home in their communities. My Connect With Veterans Act, S. 1797, aims to help 
servicemembers transitioning to civil-ian life after they separate from the military and begin to settle into their communities. 
Organizations, such as the Associa-
tion of Defense Communities, have stated that the most important part of the transition from servicemember to civilian comes in the short period of time after that servicemember leaves the military. We need to make sure it is effective and successful, and there is more we could do to accomplish that goal. 
Too often, these veterans do not have 
access to the basic information on local services, and many communities have few ways to connect with them. I have traveled across North Dakota and listened to our veterans. I hear time and time again about the need for vet-erans to have more information on services and opportunities available to them at the local level. 
My Connect With Veterans Act would 
provide these veterans with better ac-cess to that information by making it easier for cities, counties, and tribes to interact directly with them. It is a simple but commonsense bill. Partici-pation, No. 1, is completely voluntary. Transitioning servicemembers will be given the option to share their contact information with communities in which they intend to live after com-pleting military service. 
Interested cities, counties, and tribes 
will be able to request that contact in-formation from a secure directory maintained by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs so they can provide the information. Integrating back into ci-vilian life may be particularly difficult for those living in rural communities, like so many of the communities in my home State of North Dakota, as they often have fewer resources and access to less services. 
As a study from 2014 shows, half of 
the veterans polled from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan said they are having difficulty adjusting to civilian life. This reasonable solution would help change that by allowing local communities to connect with new vet-erans at the earliest possible point in the transition process. With 550 serv-icemembers transitioning daily—I want to repeat that—550 servicemem-bers transitioning daily nationwide out of the military and with nearly 250,000 service men and women expected to leave military service over the next 5 years, we have to prepare. 
We have to say thank you by making 
sure they get the services they have earned and that we can connect them with communities where they can con-tinue to participate and serve their country and their communities. I know from talking to North Dakotans that this bill will especially benefit commu-nities in my State that have unmet employment needs. 
As you can imagine, over 20,000 jobs 
go unfilled, and we have all of these trained servicemembers who are com-ing out of the military who would be 
just excellent additions to our North Dakota community. So whether it is employment or health care or family support services, we have to do better. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about this. We have to have a plan for our servicemembers. I think con-necting them with their community is a great plan. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Finally, Mr. Presi-
dent, I would just like to give a little update on what has been happening since we have basically allowed the charter of the Ex-Im Bank to expire. Just as we predicted, that unilateral disarmament in our trade financing op-portunities would open the door for op-portunities in other countries. We are seeing more and more this delay in ba-sically having a fully functioning Ex- Im Bank is already costing jobs and op-portunities in our State. 
So I want to reinforce that, not by 
just my words but talk about what is being said about the U.S. Export-Im-port Bank being shut down as what is good for China and bad for our com-petitiveness. Today, the Business Standard printed an interview with the head of the Export-Import Bank of India, who said that with U.S. Ex-Im Bank closing down, we would now have more markets because Indian products are going to compete with U.S. prod-ucts, and now that competition will go away. 
In a recent Reuters article, the chief 
risk analyst of the China Export-Im-port Bank said that the end of the American Export-Import Bank would help China be more competitive. He said, ‘‘With respect to competition in strategy and policies between the U.S. and China, this is a good thing’’ for China. 
Another recent article said China’s 
central bank is injecting $32 billion into the China Development Bank and $30 billion into the Export-Import Bank of China. We are seeing very similar growth in the Export-Import Bank of India. 
So I would suggest, if we truly want 
to remain a global competitor, if we truly want to access an international market where we have—in fact, 95 per-cent of all consumers live outside our country. If we don’t have access to those markets and if we are not com-peting on a level playing field, it is going to cost American business, in-cluding American small business, op-portunities—opportunities for exports, opportunities for profitability. But equally important, it is going to cost American jobs. So sooner rather than later we expect we will have a vote on reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank. 
I know we continue to see challenges 
to having that vote. We continue to see challenges to this institution. But I will tell you that many small busi-nesses in my State are contacting us, wondering why in the world we would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.063 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5166 July 16, 2015 
do this. Why in the world would we 
shut down the Ex-Im Bank that is a critical part of that trade infrastruc-ture? So why in the world, indeed. Why would we ever make this decision? It is a decision that needs to be reversed. We need to get the Ex-Im Bank fully functioning and back in business. 
So we are going to be doing every-
thing we can in this next month and into future months, if we expect that we are going to eliminate the possi-bility of unilateral disarmament in trade financing. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRAGEDY IN CHATTANOOGA 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
is a sad day in Chattanooga and a sad day across our country—another ter-rible tragedy—a mass shooting, appar-ently. A thorough investigation is un-derway. 
The Senate’s thoughts are with the 
families of the marines and our entire military community. Our thanks, as usual in these situations, goes out to the first responders and the commu-nity that mobilized so quickly. 
We have two great Senators from 
Tennessee, who I know are mourning the events of today, and the American people will be interested in knowing as soon as possible as many facts about this horrible shooting as possible. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PIKEVILLE 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOLS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to recognize and congratulate the Pikeville Independent Schools system in Pikeville, KY, on the occasion of its 100th anniversary. Under the leadership of Superintendent Jerry Green, it is one of the best public school systems in the Commonwealth. 
Before the founding of Pikeville Inde-
pendent Schools, in the early 20th cen-tury, the region contained only a scat-tering of small, one-room schoolhouses. In 1915, the first public high school in Pike County opened under the system’s first superintendent, Tobias J. Kendrick. There were approximately 150 students and 9 teachers and admin-istrators. Courses taught included ge-ometry, advanced algebra, physics, German, rhetoric, and 4 years of Latin. The first senior class contained only one graduate, a man named Vernon Stump. 
Today, Pikeville Independent 
Schools includes Pikeville Elementary and Pikeville Junior High/High School. The district boasts some 1,280 students from preschool to the 12th grade, and 
all go by the nickname ‘‘Pikeville Pan-thers.’’ Both Pikeville Elementary and Pikeville High are accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and the school district has been chosen as one of only 17 Kentucky school districts to receive the What Parents Want Award. 
Pikeville Independent Schools is con-
stantly evaluating and creating pro-grams to serve the needs of the stu-dents in the district. Pikeville Elemen-tary, which serves preschool through grade 6, features full-time humanities teachers for art, music, and band. It has transition programs for both new students entering preschool and exiting students graduating into the seventh grade. It has many volunteer programs, and Pikeville Elementary volunteers log an average of 3,000 volunteer hours per year. It features a fully equipped science lab, an active and supportive parent-teacher organization, small class sizes, and individual instruction and tutoring. 
Pikeville High School, which serves 
grades 7 through 12, offers its students 8 honors courses and 10 advanced place-ment courses, as well as unlimited op-portunities for students to earn dual credit at the University of Pikeville. Currently, 45 percent of Pikeville High juniors and seniors are taking one or more dual credit courses through the university. 
Pikeville High offers five vocational 
school programs and four career ma-jors—business management, business technology, web development and ad-ministration, and information support services. A wide variety of extra-curricular activities are available, in-cluding Key Club, Pep Club, Future Business Leaders of America, and the National Honor Society, just to name a few. 
Pikeville Independent Schools ranks 
second in the State for college and ca-reer readiness. The district’s juniors place sixth in the State on the ACT test composite score. And the high school placed in the 97th percentile this past year among all schools in the State. The district’s graduation rate for the 2012–2013 school year was over 96 percent. Athletics and artistic achieve-ment are also highly valued in the dis-trict, and Pikeville Independent Schools have a long tradition of out-standing music groups, basketball, and football teams. 
For 100 years, Pikeville Independent 
Schools has excelled at its mission to prepare students to become productive, contributing, valuable members of so-ciety who have pride in their school and their community. Kentucky is proud of the Pikeville Independent Schools system, and I congratulate the many men and women who work there for their service. I wish them the very best as they embark on a new century of representing the very best of Ken-tucky public education. STORMS IN QUINCY, ILLINOIS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have 
represented Quincy, IL, and Adams County since coming to Congress in 1983 as a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives. I have found that there is something special about the Gem City—its people, its strong sense of community, and the fighting spirit to tackle any crisis from floods to storms. 
That spirit was tested this week. 
I am relieved and thankful that there 
were no serious injuries or fatalities after a major storm tore through Quin-cy on Monday night. Torrential rain and winds up to 74 miles per hour felled trees, broke dozens of utility poles, and tore roofs off several homes and busi-nesses during the event. The Quincy mayor declared a citywide state of emergency Monday evening and Adams County followed with a state of dis-aster declaration. Several people say the battered city looked like a warzone. 
More than 21,000 people were without 
power on Monday night and Tuesday. Crews have worked around the clock to restore electricity to most. Due to the loss of power, many stoplights were out throughout the city. Between the out-ages, flooded streets, and streets made impassable by fallen trees, navigating Quincy has been a challenge. 
The Quincy Park District estimates 
that the ‘‘jaw dropping’’ damage to the city’s 29 parks—especially Madison and South Parks—far exceeds the devasta-tion from severe storms in 2011 that costs the District more than $400,000. Caretakers at Woodland Cemetery dis-covered after the worst of the storm had passed that a 20-foot piece of a Civil War monument was toppled by the high winds and at least 35 trees were uprooted in the cemetery, many of which were more than a century old. 
Dozens of Quincy residents checked 
into motels to escape the heat as they started the cleanup of their homes and properties without power. John Wood Community College and the Quincy Senior and Family Resources Center set up cooling centers to give people a place to take a break. The Red Cross, Salvation Army, and other local agen-cies have been on site to lend a helping hand. 
I am grateful that Quincy fire chief 
Joe Henning, Adams County emer-gency management agency director John Simon, Quincy police chief Rob Copley, and many other elected offi-cials and community leaders are lead-ing cleanup and recovery efforts. Get-ting the city back on its feet and help-ing the people whose homes and busi-nesses were damaged is a big job. 
In today’s Quincy Herald-Whig col-
umnist Steve Eighinger said it best, ‘‘It’s going to be quite a while before things are back to what we consider normal, but we’ll get there. We’re Quincy. We pay it forward.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the column be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.065 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5167 July 16, 2015 
In closing, I would like to commend 
the Quincy and Adams County commu-nity for pulling together to get through this storm and the aftermath. The cleanup is daunting, but the spirit endures. From the people of Hannibal and Macomb who have sent crews, trucks, and supplies to area residents who opened their homes and businesses to the displaced to the local busi-nesses—grocery stores and gas sta-tions—that have supplied free ice, water, and recharging stations, and done their best to restock basic sup-plies so residents can feed and care for their families to the Kroc Center and its supporters who have fed Quincyans. This has been a team effort. 
I stand ready to support the local 
clean up and recovery efforts in Quincy and Adams County and will continue to keep community residents in my thoughts as they get the Gem City back up and running. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Quincy Herald-Whig, July 16, 2015] 
‘NORMAL ’ STILL A WAYSAWAY, BUTWEWILL 
GETTHERE  
(By Steve Eighinger) 
There is no use trying to sugar coat what 
has happened. It has been a brutal week in and around Quincy, thanks to the monstrous storm that swept through Monday night. 
It was the first time in my life that I was 
legitimately scared of what might happen at the height of that blowing downpour and ac-companying 74 mph winds. 
My wife, Kathy, was screaming at me to 
get in the basement with her and Ashes, the family dog. For some reason, I refused. I vowed to stay upstairs, running from one window to another, from one door to the next, to make sure they didn’t blow open. 
Massive limbs and entire trees were falling 
all around our home. I saw them. I heard them. It was like nothing I had ever experi-enced. 
If our home was going down, I had vowed 
to go with it. 
Obviously, that was not the smartest thing 
I ever chose to do. If I had to relive those frightening 30 minutes or so, I would have joined Kathy and Ashes in the basement. 
It’s what happened after the storm had fi-
nally passed that was equally—if not more so—incredible. 
On street after street, block after block, 
neighbors were assisting friends and helping people they did not even know. While only initial, limited assistance could be offered Monday night because of the lack of light, but the true heart of Quincy emerged Tues-day, as it always does. 
One of the most heartwarming stories I en-
countered this week involved a family of five—a husband, wife and three kids—seek-ing out homeowners, particularly older adults, in need of help. The anonymous fam-ily cleaned yards, did not ask for anything in return and quietly moved on to the next per-son in need. 
They did not seek and would not accept 
publicity. I admired that more than any-thing. 
‘‘We’re doing it because we should,’’ they 
answered. 
That is the ultimate pay it forward. Another offering of help was provided by at 
least one Hannibal inn handling an influx of displaced Quincyans on Monday night who needed a place to stay, including one family with a special-needs child who needed air 
conditioning. The lodge in question not only found the Quincyans rooms, but also pro-vided them at a discount. 
Hannibal has a big heart, too. How about the cooperation of the drivers 
working their way through the maze of downed trees and no stoplights? Most major Quincy intersections became a little more than four-way stops, which could have be-come incredibly dangerous at major sites like 36th and Broadway. Instead, there was an esprit de corps among Quincyans, who po-litely made it all work. 
Hats off to the local supermarkets for pro-
viding items like free bags of ice and places to recharge cellphones. 
If you follow any social media, you have 
been impressed with the salutes, praises and admiration of Ameren and other workers trying to restore power to city residents. More than 1,000 Ameren workers alone have been working around the clock. 
It’s going to be quite awhile before things 
are back to what we consider ‘‘normal,’’ but we’ll get there. 
We’re Quincy. We pay it forward. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, 
the Senate has approved landmark leg-islation to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. Since 2001, the failed policies of No Child Left Behind have unfairly bur-dened educators and administrators by holding students accountable for snap- shot academic progress. The Senate’s bipartisan action today—an over-whelming vote of approval—is one step forward in the reversal of these trou-bling measures. The Every Child Achieves Act further highlights the Federal Government’s crucial responsi-bility to ensure that students every-where, across the country, have access to the resources they need for lasting academic success. 
Since 2001, I have heard from parents, 
teachers, students, policymakers, and administrators about the negative im-pact of No Child Left Behind. I voted against the legislation, as I did not agree, and still do not agree, with a one-size-fits-all approach to education. I was also disappointed with the bill’s rigid Federal accountability measures, as I truly believe States and local edu-cation agencies deserve flexibility when it comes to how schools operate. 
The Every Child Achieves Act re-
stores educational flexibility to the States, while safeguarding student ac-cess to resources, regardless of race, gender, financial status, and learning level. I am pleased that the bill takes into account the greater needs of stu-dents in rural areas, increases funding for early childhood education pro-grams, and improves school safety measures. I am especially pleased with the bill’s innovative assessment and accountability demonstration author-ity provision, which will allow Vermont to adopt competency and per-formance-based assessments that prove far more than how well a student can perform on a test on one given day. 
Of course, no bill is perfect, and this 
one is no different. I am disappointed that several amendments that would 
have improved the bill were not adopt-
ed. The Student Non-Discrimination Act, authored and filed as an amend-ment by Senator F
RANKEN , would have 
taken the important step of ensuring protections for students who face har-assment and bullying simply because of their actual or perceived gender iden-tity or sexual orientation. I was proud to cosponsor the amendment, and re-main committed to revisiting this im-portant discussion to ensure all chil-dren are protected against bullying and discrimination in our schools. It gar-nered a majority of support in the Sen-ate; it should have been adopted. 
In a strong statement of support, the 
Senate came together in opposition against amendments on portability and private school vouchers, which would have unfairly redistributed title I fund-ing from our Nation’s highest need schools. I commend Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY  
for their leadership throughout the de-bates, and for their tireless dedication to promoting educational reform that serves the needs of all students. 
We have come together, members on 
both sides of the aisle, to support the Every Child Achieves Act. Amid the partisan rancor, bipartisanship won the day, and the winners in this debate will be students in Vermont and across the country. As the House and Senate move to conference, I hope Congress will use this opportunity to promote the many measures included in the Senate’s bill, which reflect the true needs of all students, educators, par-ents, and administrators. 
f 
TRUCK SAFETY ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, truck-
ing is critical to the movement of goods to consumers across the country. The trucking industry is a vital part of our economy. But we must also strive to ensure that goods are moved as safe-ly as possible. 
Each year, nearly 4,000 lives are lost 
due to truck crashes on our Nation’s highways. Research by the National Transportation Safety Board has shown that many of these crashes could have been prevented. We owe it to the individuals and families affected by these tragedies to take every step possible to reduce the risks and pre-vent needless crashes. 
That is why I have introduced the 
Truck Safety Act of 2015, legislation that will modernize our truck safety standards and embrace new tech-nologies that can help reduce crashes across the country. 
This legislation includes a provision 
to require collision-avoidance tech-nologies in commercial vehicles in-volved in interstate commerce. Many of the fatalities that occur today are the result of rear-end collisions that could have been prevented with current technology. The technology can detect an impending collision or unsafe lane departure and automatically apply cor-rective action if a human operator is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.057 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5168 July 16, 2015 
unable to do so. The U.S. Department 
of Transportation has been working on this issue for several years and many companies have adopted these tech-nologies. It is far past time that these lifesaving devices were required in all new trucks. 
This legislation also updates the 
minimum liability insurance for truck-ing companies in order to ensure vic-tims of crashes are able to fully re-cover the cost of their damages. In a report to Congress, the Department of Transportation found compelling evi-dence to reevaluate the current mini-mums. In some crashes, the costs to the victims far exceed the current min-imum of $750,000. This can leave the victim uncompensated for damages. Minimum insurance levels have not been raised since the 1980s, so my legis-lation requires an immediate increase to the trucking minimum insurance level, requires annual adjustment for inflation, and requires the Department of Transportation to evaluate whether minimum insurance levels need to be increased further. 
Another provision in this legislation 
would allow the Secretary to require trucking employers to compensate drivers for time spent on duty but not driving. Currently, drivers are com-pensated for miles driven, not hours worked. This sets up an unsafe incen-tive structure in which drivers are pe-nalized for taking the rest they need in order to drive safely. Drivers in this country play a critical role in ensuring Americans get the products they rely on for everyday life. They should not be forced to choose between resting to ensure their safety and feeding their families at home. 
The Truck Safety Act is an impor-
tant step to protect our truck drivers, individuals, and families traveling on our Nation’s highways. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation that will improve the lives of New Jerseyans and individuals across the country. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SHAYNE PIERRE 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Shayne Pierre of Polson, MT 
as Montanan of the Week. This week, Mr. Pierre was given the rare honor of receiving the Colonel’s Meritorious Service Award from the Lake County Sheriff’s Office and the Montana High-way Patrol for his selfless acts to as-sist all victims of a drunk driving acci-dent that occurred this past May. 
Shayne was riding the school bus 
home when the accident occurred. A speeding drunk driver caused a colli-sion with the school bus, injuring both Shayne and his fellow students on the bus. Upon noticing a gas leak on the pavement, Shayne quickly instructed all students to exit the bus. He also acted heroically when he ran to help the driver who caused the accident, de-spite the injuries Shayne himself had sustained. Shayne’s quick actions and selfless-
ness deserve many thanks and for that, I want to recognize him. Through this incident, Shayne acted as a role model not only to the students on the bus, but to his classmates, peers and com-munity. I am proud that he is a citizen of the great State of Montana and an example to all. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ROY KIDDER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, 
we honor the life and legacy of an up-standing Nevadan, Roy Kidder, whose passing signifies a great loss to the State. I send my condolences and pray-ers to his wife Cookie and all of Mr. Kidder’s family in this time of mourn-ing. He was a man truly committed to his family and his community. Al-though he will be sorely missed, his great influence in Nevada will be felt for years to come. 
Mr. Kidder was born on July 31, 1937, 
in Tonopah. His first 3 months were spent in Manhattan, NV, where his fa-ther worked on the dredge. His family then moved to Honey Lake for 5 months and later to Hawthorne, where he was raised. Throughout his youth, Mr. Kidder was recognized for his in-credible athletic ability, excelling in baseball, basketball, and track at Min-eral County High School. He also con-tributed to the school’s football team as a manager. Along with sports, he ex-ceeded expectations in the academic world. Mr. Kidder participated in Min-eral County High School’s Honor Soci-ety and Block H, as well as attending American Legion Boys State, which is a highly respected educational pro-gram. After graduating high school, he attended the University of Nevada, Reno, UNR, where his drive in sports continued. From 1957 to 1959, Mr. Kid-der played on the university’s baseball team for Wolf Pack Coach Jake Lawlor. He graduated from UNR in 1959. 
Shortly after, Mr. Kidder was re-
cruited by Al Seeliger to teach and coach in Carson City. Throughout his tenure, he taught physical education, social studies, and Nevada history, and he served as department head for six different departments. He also coached golf, softball, basketball, and baseball and helped with the track team. His ex-cellent teaching and coaching skills touched the lives of generations of Ne-vada students, including me. He was truly a role model as my physical edu-cation teacher. His tremendous in-volvement in Carson City will never be forgotten. 
Mr. Kidder maintained only the high-
est level of excellence for himself and for the local community throughout his career. Carson City remains better because of his outstanding contribu-tions. Today, I join citizens across the Silver State in celebrating the life of a truly dedicated and inspirational Ne-vadan, Roy Kidder. ∑ TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN CHRISTY 
WISE 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize Capt. Christy Wise for her unwavering dedication to both the U.S. Air Force and to overcoming great adversity. It gives me great pleasure to recognize this young wom-an’s incredible strength. She embodies the true Battle Born spirit of deter-mination, fearlessness, confidence, and resilience. 
Captain Wise was raised in Reno with 
her twin sister and younger brother. She was accepted into the Air Force Academy, where she discovered her passion for flying. Shortly after, she was accepted into flight school. Cap-tain Wise flies HC–130 search and res-cue planes supporting pararescue jump-ers and helicopters at her squadron base in Valdosta, GA. She flew in six rescue missions in Afghanistan in 2012 and is scheduled to redeploy this De-cember. I extend my deepest gratitude to her for her service and wish her a safe deployment. 
Recently, Captain Wise competed in 
the 2015 Department of Defense Wound-ed Warrior Games after sustaining seri-ous injuries in a boating accident. Im-mediately after recovering from her in-juries, which included the loss of her right leg above the knee, Captain Wise began her rehabilitation. She had heard about the Department of Defense Wounded Warrior Games though a fel-low amputee patient at the gym and decided to compete. Less than 3 months after the accident, Captain Wise competed in track and field, swimming, and cycling events, earning 11 medals total. It was only 2 days be-fore the games that she was cleared to participate in the swimming events, leaving her little time to practice for the five events in which she would compete. She received silver medals in both hand cycling and field competi-tions and received a bronze medal in the 100-meter wheelchair race. Her in-satiable drive to excel is truly inspira-tional. 
Captain Wise has demonstrated un-
wavering commitment and dedication to the highest standards of the U.S. Air Force. I am proud to call her a fellow Nevadan, and today, I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing Cap-tain Wise and her great achievements. I wish her well in all of her future en-deavors and in her time in the U.S. Air Force for years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT 
GENERAL JOHN D. JOHNSON 
∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the service of LTG John D. Johnson, the director of the Depart-ment of Defense’s newest combat sup-port agency, the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Agency, JIDA, who will retire on September 1, 2015, after 38 years of active service. 
Lieutenant General Johnson honor-
ably served his country for more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.050 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5169 July 16, 2015 
three decades. After graduating from 
the Virginia Military Institute in 1977 as an infantry officer, he commanded troops at every level and is a veteran of multiple deployments to Iraq. As a 
young officer, he served in Germany, Georgia, California, and the Pentagon. He attained the rank of brigadier gen-eral in 2006 and was assigned as the as-sistant division commander for maneu-ver of the 2nd Infantry Division in Korea. Upon returning, he was assigned to the U.S. Army Installation Manage-ment Command. From there, he be-came the deputy commanding general, operations, for I Corps and Fort Lewis, WA. He deployed to Iraq serving in that role to the Headquarters for Multi-National Corps—Iraq, where he learned first-hand the atrocities in-flicted by improvised explosive devices, foreshadowing his rise to his final posi-tion. In his penultimate position, he was the commanding general, Eighth U.S. Army; and Chief of Staff for United Nations Command, Combined Forces Command, and U.S. Forces Korea, preserving readiness for coali-tion forces across the Korean Penin-sula. 
As the director of JIDA, Lieutenant 
General Johnson set the conditions for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization, JIEDDO, to be-come JIDA, a permanent defense agen-cy that will enhance our Nation’s capa-bilities to fight improvised weapons and those who employ them. He has fostered countless cooperative rela-tionships with government agencies, coalition partners, academia, and in-dustry supporters in an effort to find innovative solutions to these pervasive improvised threats. During this chal-lenging transition period for JIEDDO, he led an extensive effort to right-size the workforce and streamline processes while still bestowing a high level of support to the warfighter. 
I had the pleasure of personally 
working with Lieutenant General Johnson during his tenure at JIEDDO. He is an inspiring leader, an admirable mentor, and a fine example for his fel-low servicemembers. I am proud to share in the celebration of Lieutenant General Johnson’s career, his extraor-dinary leadership, his distinguished military service and his unwavering dedication to this great Nation. I wish him, his wife Cheryl, and their daugh-ter Elizabeth all the best in their fu-ture endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING REACTWELL 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, every 
business starts out with an entre-preneur willing to put in the hard work and take risks in order to turn an idea into reality. I am delighted to name ReactWell of New Orleans, LA, as Small Business of the Week. ReactWell is on the forefront of developing cut-ting edge technological advancements with the potential to revolutionize the energy, chemical, and petrochemical industries. In 2010 after seeing the devastation 
from the British Petroleum, BP, oil-spill in the Gulf of Mexico, Baton Rouge native Brandon Iglesias founded ReactWell—a company that focuses on recycling existing carbon dioxide into useful oils and chemicals. Primarily, ReactWell develops technology that creates cleaner synthetic crude oil by using underground geothermal reactors and algae. Iglesias’ technological in-vention relies on the natural forces and gravitational pressure to convert algae and chemicals into usable crude oil, while also reusing the waste produced from the reaction to feed the algae strains back into the system. 
After years of hands-on research in 
the oil field, Brandon Iglesias took his research to a local entrepreneurial start-up competition, ultimately re-ceiving crucial start-up capital and at-tention from interested investors across the country. Today, ReactWell continues to grow both its synthetic synthesizing programs, while addition-ally expanding their reach into a ro-bust catalog of service and product ap-plications spanning technoeconomic modeling, carbon sequestration, green chemistry, water treatment, and thermochemical conversions. Addition-ally, ReactWell maintains a laboratory with capabilities that include air sam-pling, cryogenic milling, and distilla-tion, and process simulation capabili-ties in bio-physical modeling SIM Fi-nite Element Analysis, FEA, 3D studio animation, and fusion and alias design. 
Congratulations again to ReactWell 
for being selected as Small Business of the Week. I look forward to seeing the long-term impact ReactWell’s innova-tive technologies will have in aiding Louisiana and the Nation. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 9:52 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2722. An act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
H.R. 3038. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2722. An act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 3038. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. MORAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, without amendment: 
S. 1800. An original bill making appropria-
tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–82). 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence: 
Report to accompany S. 1705, An original 
bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-re-lated activities of the United States Govern-ment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–83). 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1140. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army and the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–84). 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1599. A bill to provide anti-retaliation 
protections for antitrust whistleblowers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.060 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5170 July 16, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. P AUL): 
S. 1784. A bill to require the Director of the 
Bureau of Prisons to be appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 1785. A bill to repeal the wage rate re-
quirements of the Davis-Bacon Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
P
AUL, and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 1786. A bill to establish a commission to 
examine the United States monetary policy, evaluate alternative monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1787. A bill to amend title V of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a full-service community schools grant program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1788. A bill to require operators that pro-
vide online and similar services to edu-cational agencies, institutions, or programs to protect the privacy and security of per-sonally identifiable information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 1789. A bill to improve defense coopera-
tion between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1790. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the per-sonal importation of safe and affordable pre-scription drugs from approved pharmacies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ): 
S. 1791. A bill to amend the Delta Develop-
ment Act to include Vernon and Sabine par-ishes in the definition of the term ‘‘Lower Mississippi’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 1792. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to equalize the exclusion from gross income of parking and transpor-tation fringe benefits and to provide for a common cost-of-living adjustment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 1793. A bill to provide for the publication 
by the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices of physical activity recommendations for Americans; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
H
EINRICH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): S. 1794. A bill to prohibit drilling in the 
Arctic Ocean; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): 
S. 1795. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. W ARREN , and 
Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 1796. A bill to amend the Child Nutrition 
Act of 1966 to increase the age of eligibility for children to receive benefits under the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children and to allow States to certify infants for participation in that program for a period of 2 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
M
ORAN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. B OOZMAN ): 
S. 1797. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a voluntary na-tional directory of veterans to support out-reach to veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs . 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 1798. A bill to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. 1799. A bill to provide authority for cer-
tain depository institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. MORAN: 
S. 1800. An original bill making appropria-
tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 1801. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to treat certain farming business machinery and equipment as 5-year property for purposes of depreciation; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): 
S. 1802. A bill to protect the investment 
choices of American investors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1803. A bill to amend subtitle D of the 
Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recov-ery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 51 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
51, a bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to prohibit family planning grants from being awarded to any entity that performs abortions, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 210 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 210, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or cer-tification required by reason of a per-manent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
S. 226 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 226, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 471, a bill to improve the pro-vision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the Senator 
from North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ), the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), 
the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. E NZI), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. I SAKSON ), the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. C OTTON ) and the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to fa-cilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the re-vision of the third class medical cer-tification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 627 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 627, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in elec-tronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 628 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.017 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5171 July 16, 2015 
COLLINS ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING) and the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from North 
Carolina (Mr. B URR) and the Senator 
from North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 743 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epide-miological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological diseases. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Ar-
izona (Mr. F LAKE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1182, a bill to exempt applica-tion of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements. 
S. 1424 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1424, a bill to prohibit the sale or distribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1428, a bill to amend the USEC Privatization Act to require the Sec-retary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal excess uranium inventory management plan, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spend-ing. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1547 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1547, a bill to provide high-skilled visas for nationals of the Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1598, a bill to prevent discriminatory treatment of any per-son on the basis of views held with re-spect to marriage. 
S. 1603 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1603, a bill to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces 
who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
S. 1632 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1632, a bill to require a re-gional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
S. 1648 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1648, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a sus-tainable future for rural healthcare. 
S. 1664 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1664, a bill to count revenues from military and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary insti-tutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 1676 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1676, a bill to increase the number of graduate medical education positions treating veterans, to improve the com-pensation of health care providers, medical directors, and directors of Vet-erans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1692 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1692, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to clarify the use of a towaway trailer transportation combination, and for other purposes. 
S. 1709 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1709, a bill to reduce risks to the finan-cial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky activities and limiting conflicts of interest, to re-instate certain Glass-Steagall Act pro-tections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1714, a bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.018 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5172 July 16, 2015 
Con. Res. 17, a concurrent resolution 
establishing a joint select committee to address regulatory reform. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-spon-sored persecution of its Baha’i minor-ity and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 197 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. Res. 197, a resolution recognizing the need to improve phys-ical access to many federally funded fa-cilities for all people of the United States, particularly people with dis-abilities. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. P AUL): 
S. 1784. A bill to require the Director 
of the Bureau of Prisons to be ap-pointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1784 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Prisons Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons 
leads a law enforcement component of the Department of Justice with a budget that ex-ceeds $6,900,000,000 for fiscal year 2015. 
(2) With the exception of the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation, the Bureau of Prisons has the largest operating budget of any unit within the Department of Justice. 
(3) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons 
oversees 122 facilities and is responsible for the welfare of more than 208,000 Federal in-mates. 
(4) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons 
supervises more than 39,000 employees, many of whom operate in hazardous environments that involve regular interaction with violent offenders. 
(5) The Director of the Bureau of Prisons 
also serves as the chief operating officer for Federal Prisons Industries, a wholly owned government enterprise of 78 prison factories that directly competes against the private sector, including small businesses, for Gov-ernment contracts. 
(6) Within the Department of Justice, in 
addition to those officials who oversee liti-gating components, the Director of the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Ex-plosives, the Director of the Bureau of Jus-tice Assistance, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, the Director of the Community Relations Service, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the 
Director of the National Institute of Justice, the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime, the Director of the Office on Violence Against Women, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Dep-uty Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Administrator of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the Director of the United States Marshals Service, 94 United States Marshals, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice, and the Special Counsel for Immigration Related Unfair Employment Practices, are all appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
(7) Despite the significant budget of the 
Bureau of Prisons and the vast number of people under the responsibility of the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons, the Director is not appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
SEC. 3. DIRECTOR OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4041 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘appointed by and serving directly under the Attorney General.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘who shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. The Director shall serve directly under the Attorney General.’’. 
(b) I
NCUMBENT .—Notwithstanding the 
amendment made by subsection (a), the indi-vidual serving as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons on the date of enactment of this Act may serve as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons until the date that is 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to limit the abil-ity of the President to appoint the individual serving as the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons on the date of enactment of this Act to the position of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons in accordance with section 4041 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
PAUL, and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 1786. A bill to establish a commis-
sion to examine the United States monetary policy, evaluate alternative monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going for-ward; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1786 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Centennial 
Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Constitution endows Congress with 
the power ‘‘to coin money, regulate the value thereof’’. 
(2) Following the financial crisis known as 
the Panic of 1907, Congress established the National Monetary Commission to provide recommendations for the reform of the fi-nancial and monetary systems of the United States. 
(3) Incorporating several of the rec-
ommendations of the National Monetary Commission, Congress created the Federal Reserve System in 1913. As currently orga-
nized, the Federal Reserve System consists of the Board of Governors in Washington, District of Columbia, and the Federal Re-serve Banks organized into 12 districts around the United States. The stockholders of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks include na-tional and certain state-chartered commer-cial banks, which operate on a fractional re-serve basis. 
(4) Originally, Congress gave the Federal 
Reserve System a monetary mandate to pro-vide an elastic currency, within the context of a gold standard, in response to seasonal fluctuations in the demand for currency. 
(5) Congress also gave the Federal Reserve 
System a financial stability mandate to serve as the lender of last resort to solvent but illiquid banks during a financial crisis. 
(6) In 1977, Congress changed the monetary 
mandate of the Federal Reserve System to a dual mandate for maximum employment and stable prices. 
(7) Empirical studies and historical evi-
dence, both within the United States and in other countries, demonstrate that price sta-bility is desirable because both inflation and deflation damage the economy. 
(8) The economic challenge of recent 
years—most notably the bursting of the housing bubble, the financial crisis of 2008, and the ensuing anemic recovery—have oc-curred at great cost in terms of lost jobs and output. 
(9) Policymakers are reexamining the 
structure and functioning of financial insti-tutions and markets to determine what, if any, changes need to be made to place the fi-nancial system on a stronger, more sustain-able path going forward. 
(10) The Federal Reserve System has taken 
extraordinary actions in response to the re-cent economic challenges. 
(11) The Federal Open Market Committee 
has engaged in multiple rounds of quan-titative easing, providing unprecedented li-quidity to financial markets, while commit-ting to holding short-term interest rates low for a seemingly indefinite period, and pur-suing a policy of credit allocation by pur-chasing Federal agency debt and mortgage- backed securities. 
(12) In the wake of the recent extraor-
dinary actions of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, Congress—consistent with its constitu-tional responsibilities and as it has done pe-riodically throughout the history of the United States—has once again renewed its examination of monetary policy. 
(13) Central in such examination has been 
a renewed look at what is the most proper 
mandate for the Federal Reserve System to conduct monetary policy in the 21st century. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established a commission to be 
known as the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Com-mission’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 4. DUTIES. 
(a) S TUDY OF MONETARY POLICY .—The Com-
mission shall— 
(1) examine how United States monetary 
policy since the creation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 has affected the performance of the United States economy in terms of output, employment, prices, and financial stability over time; 
(2) evaluate various operational regimes 
under which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee may conduct mone-tary policy in terms achieving the maximum sustainable level of output and employment and price stability over the long term, in-cluding— 
(A) discretion in determining monetary 
policy without an operational regime; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.019 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5173 July 16, 2015 
(B) price level targeting; 
(C) inflation rate targeting; (D) nominal gross domestic product tar-
geting (both level and growth rate); 
(E) the use of monetary policy rules; and (F) the gold standard; (3) evaluate the use of macro-prudential 
supervision and regulation as a tool of mone-tary policy in terms of achieving the max-imum sustainable level of output and em-ployment and price stability over the long term; 
(4) evaluate the use of the lender-of-last-re-
sort function of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as a tool of monetary policy in terms of achieving the maximum sustainable level of output and employment and price stability over the long term; and 
(5) recommend a course for United States 
monetary policy going forward, including— 
(A) the legislative mandate; (B) the operational regime; (C) the securities used in open market op-
erations; and 
(D) transparency issues. (b) R
EPORT ON MONETARY POLICY .—Not 
later than December 1, 2016, the Commission shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report containing a statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commis-sion in carrying out the study under sub-section (a), together with the recommenda-tions the Commission considers appropriate. 
SEC. 5. MEMBERSHIP. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .— 
(1) A PPOINTED VOTING MEMBERS .—The Com-
mission shall contain 12 voting members as follows: 
(A) Six members appointed by the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party; and 
(B) Six members appointed by the Presi-
dent Pro Tempore of the Senate, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party. 
(2) C
HAIRMAN .—The Speaker of the House 
of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate shall jointly designate one of the members of the Commission as Chair-man. 
(3) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Commission 
shall contain 2 non-voting members as fol-lows: 
(A) One member appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. 
(B) One member who is the president of a 
district Federal reserve bank appointed by the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
(b) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Each member 
shall be appointed for the life of the Commis-sion. 
(c) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENT .—All members 
of the Commission shall be appointed not be-fore January 5, 2015, and not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commis-
sion shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original ap-pointment was made. 
(e) M
EETINGS .— 
(1) I NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission 
shall hold its initial meeting and begin the operations of the Commission as soon as is practicable. 
(2) F
URTHER MEETINGS .—The Commission 
shall meet upon the call of the Chair or a majority of its members. 
(f) Q
UORUM .—Seven voting members of the 
Commission shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings. 
(g) M
EMBER OF CONGRESS DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the 
Congress. 
SEC. 6. POWERS. 
(a) H EARINGS AND SESSIONS .—The Commis-
sion or, on the authority of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, receive evidence, or admin-ister oaths as the Commission or such sub-committee or member thereof considers ap-propriate. 
(b) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—To the extent or 
in the amounts provided in advance in appro-priation Acts, the Commission may contract with and compensate government and pri-vate agencies or persons to enable the Com-mission to discharge its duties under this Act, without regard to section 3709 of the Re-vised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5). 
(c) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission is au-
thorized to secure directly from any execu-tive department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establish-ment, or instrumentality of the Government, any information, including suggestions, esti-mates, or statistics, for the purposes of this Act. 
(2) R
EQUESTING OFFICIAL DATA .—The head 
of such department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establish-ment, or instrumentality of the government shall, to the extent authorized by law, fur-nish such information upon request made by— 
(A) the Chair; (B) the Chair of any subcommittee created 
by a majority of the Commission; or 
(C) any member of the Commission des-
ignated by a majority of the commission to request such information. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
(1) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— 
The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimburs-able basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the functions of the Commission. 
(2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In 
addition to the assistance prescribed in para-graph (1), at the request of the Commission, departments and agencies of the United States shall provide such services, funds, fa-cilities, staff, and other support services as may be authorized by law. 
(e) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The Commission may 
use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the United States. 
SEC. 7. COMMISSION PERSONNEL. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION OF  
STAFF .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to rules pre-
scribed by the Commission, the Chair may appoint and fix the pay of the executive di-rector and other personnel as the Chair con-siders appropriate. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF CIVIL SERVICE LAWS .— 
The staff of the Commission may be ap-pointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of level V of the Executive Sched-ule. 
(b) C
ONSULTANTS .—The Commission may 
procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to ex-ceed the daily equivalent of the rate of pay for a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule. (c) S
TAFF OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Upon re-
quest of the Commission, the head of any Federal department or agency may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any of the personnel of such department or agency to the Commis-sion to assist it in carrying out its duties under this Act. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall 
terminate on June 1, 2017. 
(b) A DMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE  
TERMINATION .—The Commission may use the 
period between the submission of its report and its termination for the purpose of con-cluding its activities, including providing testimony to committee of Congress con-cerning its report. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act and such sums shall remain avail-able until the date on which the Commission terminates. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. 1799. A bill to provide authority 
for certain depository institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce the Community Bank Sen-sible Regulation Act of 2015, a bill which would allow financial regulators to exempt community banks from un-necessary and unduly burdensome re-quirements, if doing so is in the public interest. My bill would provide this au-thority to the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve, and would apply to fi-nancial institutions with less than $10 billion in assets. 
The aim of my legislation is to allow 
the financial regulators to exempt community banks from highly complex regulations designed to protect our fi-nancial system from systemic risks that would arise from the failure of larger banks. All banks, large and small, should be well-capitalized and properly regulated, but that does not mean that our financial regulators must impose a ‘‘one size fits all’’ regu-latory regime across the board without regard to the risks posed to the finan-cial system by banks with fundamen-tally different business models and of vastly different sizes. 
Some regulations that are appro-
priate or essential for larger banks may make no sense when applied to community banks. For example, cur-rent law requires community banks to demonstrate that they are in compli-ance with the Volcker Rule—which re-stricts proprietary trading and hedge fund investments by banks—even though community banks rarely en-gage in such trading. Even so, commu-nity banks must shoulder the burden of complying with this complex regula-tion. My bill would allow the regu-lators to exempt community banks from the Volcker Rule. 
As the GAO has noted, smaller banks 
are ‘‘disproportionately affected by in-creased regulation, because they are less able to absorb additional costs.’’ These costs are significant. According 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JY6.021 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5174 July 16, 2015 
to industry representatives, the cost of 
complying with regulations absorbs 12 percent of total bank operating ex-penses, and is two-and-a-half times greater for small banks than for large banks. 
The cost of regulation puts commu-
nity banks at a competitive disadvan-tage vis-a `-vis larger banks. Over the 
past 2 decades, the share of the U.S. banking industry represented by com-munity banks has declined from 40 per-cent to just 18 percent. Over the same period, the share of the market rep-resented by the five largest banks has grown from roughly 18 percent to 46 percent. I am concerned that unneces-sary regulation will accelerate these trends, and ironically, contribute to the further consolidation of the bank-ing industry into a handful of ‘‘too big to fail’’ banks. 
Community banks play an essential 
role in meeting the credit needs of their customers, particularly small businesses, homeowners, and farmers. Although community banks represent just 18 percent of total banking assets, they are responsible for half of our na-tion’s small business loans. With small business formation at generational lows, it is essential that we preserve and protect their access to credit, as they are the major driver of job cre-ation in our country. In addition, com-munity banks provide 
3⁄4of our Na-
tion’s agricultural loans, a line of fi-nance that requires highly specialized knowledge of farming and a long-term perspective suited to agricultural cy-cles. 
Regulators should be able to tailor 
their regulations to take the distinc-tive nature of community banks into account. My bill would allow regu-lators to exempt community banks from unnecessary and burdensome reg-ulations where it is in the public inter-est to do so. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2257. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2257 . Mr. M CCAIN (for himself 
and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-
fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REVIEW AND NOTIFICATIONS OF CAT-
EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS GRANTED FOR NEXT GENERATION FLIGHT PROCEDURES. 
Section 213(c) of the FAA Modernization 
and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS AND CONSULTATIONS .— 
Not less than 30 days before granting a cat-egorical exclusion under this subsection for a new procedure, the Administrator shall no-tify and consult with the affected public and the operator of the airport at which the pro-cedure would be implemented. 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CATEGORICAL EX -
CLUSIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review a decision of the Administrator made on or after February 14, 2012, and before the date of the enactment of this paragraph to grant a categorical exclusion under this sub-section with respect to a procedure to be im-plemented at an airport to determine if the implementation of the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is lo-cated if the operator of that airport requests such a review and demonstrates that there is good cause to believe that the implementa-tion of the procedure had such an effect. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENT OF REVIEW .—If, in conducting 
a review under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a procedure implemented at an air-port, the Administrator, in consultation with the operator of the airport, determines that implementing the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is lo-cated, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(i) consult with the operator of the air-
port to identify measures to mitigate the ef-fect of the procedure on the human environ-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) in conducting such consultations, con-
sider the use of alternative flight paths.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing to Review Pending Forest Service and Forestry Related Bills.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Con-gress.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD- 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-viewing HealthCare.gov Controls.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Corrup-tion, Global Magnitsky, and Modern Slavery—Review of Human Rights Around the World.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 16, 2015, at 11 a.m., in room SD-216 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Africa and Global Health be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Wildlife Poaching.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 2:45 p.m., in room SD-366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 16, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Reviewing the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’ Role in the Regulatory Process.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.042 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5175 July 16, 2015 
ENSURING ACCESS TO CLINICAL 
TRIALS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Fi-nance Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 139 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 139) to permanently allow an ex-
clusion under the Supplemental Security In-come program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 139) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 139 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring 
Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF SUNSET PROVISION. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–255, 124 Stat. 2640), section 3 of that Act is amended by striking 
subsection (e). 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 3038 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3038) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 17, 
2015, AND TUESDAY, JULY 21, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:40 a.m., Friday, July 17, for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted; further, that following the pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until Tuesday, July 21, at 10 a.m.; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12:30 p.m., with the time equally divided in the usual form; and finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:40 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:04 p.m., adjourned until Friday, July 17, 2015, at 10:40 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
JESSIE HILL ROBERSON, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2020, VICE JEFFERY MARTIN BARAN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SUSAN COPPEDGE AMATO, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DIREC-
TOR OF THE OFFICE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAF-FICKING, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR AT LARGE, VICE LUIS C. DE BACA, RESIGNED. 
MARC JONATHAN SIEVERS, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SULTANATE OF OMAN. 
KENNETH DAMIAN WARD, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE, FOR THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE TO THE ORGANI-ZATION FOR THE PROHIBITION OF CHEMICAL WEAPONS. 
THE JUDICIARY  
MARK A. YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE AUDREY B. COLLINS, RETIRED . 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on July 16, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
JESSIE HILL ROBERSON, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2018, (RE-APPOINTMENT), WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON FEBRUARY 5, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16JY6.067 S16JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1077 July 16, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank 
Congresswoman R OBIN KELLY and Congress-
man D ONALD PAYNE for hosting this important 
Special Order. I appreciate your leadership in organizing this important discussion. 
I would also like to thank Chairman 
B
UTTERFIELD and Assistant Leader C LYBURN  
for their continued leadership and dedication to fighting racism and racial bias. 
Tonight’s special order is particularly impor-
tant because of recent high profile events that have forced our nation to reflect on race. 
Our nation continues to grieve those lost in 
the terrible tragedy at Mother Emmanuel A.M.E. Church in Charleston, S.C. and my thoughts and prayer remain with their families. 
In the wake of this senseless tragedy, 
Americans all over the country are asking: why do we still celebrate the Confederate bat-tle flag? The confederate battle flag is a true symbol of hate and discrimination. 
Late Wednesday night, as the South Caro-
lina legislature debated bringing down the Confederate battle flag that had flown over its statehouse, Congressman K
ENCALVERT , a 
Republican from California, introduced an amendment—in the dark of night—to allow for the sale and display of this symbol of hate in our national parks and federal cemeteries. 
That’s simply outrageous—this symbol of 
hate has no place at these federal landmarks. It’s past time that we put away these symbols of hate and division. 
It’s past time that we confront America’s 
long and dark history of racism and work to address the legacy of slavery, Jim Crow and institutional racism that continue to disadvan-tage too many African American families. 
Now I grew up in El Paso, TX and I remem-
ber vividly Jim Crow. I remember the seg-regated schools and separate drinking foun-tains. I wasn’t able to go to the Plaza Theatre with my white and Latino friends—because I was black. 
Thankfully, those days of legal segregation 
have ended but in many ways, we know that segregation and the wounds of racism still persist. 
And the Confederate battle flag is a symbol 
of that hate and racism. It is a symbol that only serves to divide us and that never should have existed. 
From its conception, the confederate battle 
flag has represented white supremacy, and oppression. 
In the words of William Thompson, the de-
signer of the confederate battle flag, ‘‘As a people we are fighting to maintain the Heav-en-ordained supremacy of the white man over the inferior or colored race. A white flag would stand fourth our southern cross, preserving in beautiful contrast the red white and blue’’ He continues by saying ‘‘. . . it would soon 
take rank among the proudest ensigns of the nations, and be hailed by the civilized world as the White Man’s Flag.’’ 
Mr. Speaker—I could not have put it more 
plainly. 
This flag means hate—it always has and al-
ways will. 
The intent for the confederate battle flag 
was to create a symbol that will remind the whole world of white supremacy, discrimina-tion, and opposition to America. 
It was also the banner under which millions 
fought against the preservation of our great union. 
Under this flag, the Ku Klux Klan; a terrorist 
organization solely devoted to promoting hate and white supremacy, would unlawfully lynch blacks and burn churches to the ground. 
Under this banner, lawmakers instituted 
laws that established and preserved segrega-tion for generations. 
And Dylann Roof looked to the flag as his 
guiding symbol that legitimized his actions: the murder of 9 peaceful parishioners looking to develop a deeper connection with God and their community. 
Mr. Speaker—enough is enough. This sym-
bol of hate has no place in our society—it’s past time to take it down. 
However, it is not enough to simply take it 
down. We must get serious about deconstructing the system that the Confed-erate battle flag represents—a system de-signed to close off economic opportunity for African Americans. It’s past time that we get serious about ensuring liberty and justice for all. 
To start, we must pass Congressman 
B
ENNIE THOMPSON ’s resolution to bring down 
the Confederate battle flag from our nation’s Capital. This is a common sense step and I urge the House Administration Committee to quickly move on his legislation. 
We can and must do more to put away hate 
and ensure justice for all. 
We must start by creating good-paying jobs 
that are open to all Americans. 
In my role as co-chair of the CBC Task 
Force on Poverty and the Economy and Chair of the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Pov-erty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, I am proud to be working with more than 100 of my colleagues, to advance policies that give all Americans—a fair shot. 
This work includes working to pass the 
Pathways out of Poverty Act (H.R. 2721), which I am proud to have introduced this Con-gress. This legislation is a comprehensive ap-proach to address poverty in America that starts by creating good-paying jobs that em-power families to build pathways out of pov-erty. 
We also need to raise the minimum wage— 
and fight for a living wage because no one working full time should live in poverty. 
To that end, I am proud to be a cosponsor 
of Congressman A
LGREEN ’SThe Original Liv-
ing Wage Act (H.R. 122) and Congressman S
COTT ’SRaise the Wage Act (H.R. 2150) to increase paychecks for families living on the 
edge. 
We also need to fight against the disparities 
that persist in our health care system. The Af-fordable Care Act was a good start but more is needed. 
For years, the Congressional tri-caucus has 
championed this effort by introducing The Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA). Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY will have the 
honor of introducing this important legislation this Congress and I am proud to co-lead this effort as co-chair of the CAPAC Health Task Force. This legislation builds on the Affordable Care Act and puts us on track to eliminate health disparities in our country. 
Lastly, we need criminal justice reform. For 
too long we have ignored the systemic racial bias that’s endemic in our criminal justice insti-tutions and which has created an entire ‘‘miss-ing generation’’ of black men. 
That is why Congress should pass the bi-
partisan Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act (H.R. 1232), which I am a proud cosponsor of, to stop the militarization of our nation’s police forces. 
We need to pass the Police Accountability 
Act (H.R. 1102) and the Grand Jury Reform Act (H.R. 429) so we can ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and there is more accountability among police officers. 
Mr. Speaker—we have the legislation before 
us to start ending systemic poverty and injus-tice in America—let’s call a vote and pass these bills. 
It’s time that we get serious about 
deconstructing the institutions that have op-pressed millions and denied them and their families’ opportunity to live the American dream. 
But first, we must take down the Confed-
erate battle flag—a symbol of those biased in-stitutions. 
A symbol of hate— Of racism and Of treason. Mr. Speaker—it’s past time to take it down. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TYLER JUNIOR 
COLLEGE APACHES’ 2015 NJCAA DIVISION III WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an ex-
traordinary privilege of extending recognition to a team winning, not merely a state or con-ference championship, but a national title, not for the first time, but for the second year in a row. Once again, the Tyler Junior College Apaches Baseball Team has achieved na-tional prominence by winning the 2015 NJCAA Division III World Series baseball tournament. 
This back to back national title is the third 
national baseball championship title for Tyler 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.001 E16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1078 July 16, 2015 
Junior College, and marks the fifty-second na-
tional championship for TJC since athletics was first organized at the school back in the 1940s. 
The TJC Apaches traveled to Kinston, North 
Carolina along with a host of devoted Apache fans, where the doggedly tenacious team de-feated Joliet (Illinois) Junior College with a final score of 10–9. They never lost sight of their unified goal of capturing another national title for TJC. The TJC Apaches pushed on-ward with unmitigated perseverance and de-termination, despite a season wrought with weather related delays and cancellations. 
A tremendously skilled coaching and admin-
istrative staff helped lead the Apaches to an-other consecutive victory. Those individuals in-clude Head Baseball Coach Doug Wren (NJCAA Div. III Baseball Coach of the Year); Assistant Coaches Chad Sherman, Taylor White, and Trent Buchhorn. 
The exceptionally talented, resolute, relent-
less national championship team is comprised of Zane Ancell, Austin Ballew, Cody Brown (Tournament MVP), Landon Brune, Jace Campbell, Derek Clemons (Tournament Elite Hitter & All-Tournament Team), Aaron Clemons (All-Tournament Team), Michael Crews, Manny Galvan, Jonathan Groff, Jacob Hickman, Chantz Holland, Tim Hunter, Jimmy Johnson, Garrett Johnston, Alex Masotto (All- Tournament Team), AJ Merkel, Chandler Muckleroy, Brady O’Borski, Zane Otten, Jared Pauley, Gunnar Quick, Reese Read, Taylor Rich, Drew Robertson, Adan Ross, Reid Rus-sell, Sam Sitton, Weston Smart, Travis Smith, Brady Usherwood, Jace Vines, and Brandon Webb (All-Tournament Team). Of course, every great team needs assistance to round out and hold them together as a team and keep them physically on the field playing, and that help came in the very able assistance of Training Staff Eddy McGuire, Jeff Derrick, Spenser Deeken, Lynsee Jistel, and Nathan Tanaka; and Student Support Staff consisting of Chad Cunningham and Justin Doelitsch. 
Without question, there is a long legacy of 
academic and athletic achievement at Tyler Junior College, even as it continues to reach new levels of prestige under the meticulous leadership of TJC President Dr. L. Michael Metke; Athletic Director Dr. Tim Drain; Assist-ant Athletic Director Chuck Smith; Athletic De-
partment Coordinator M. Angela Clemons; and Provost and Vice President for Academic and Student Affairs Dr. Juan Mejia. 
One must also recognize the unwavering 
support of the players’ families, Tyler Junior College alumni, faculty, staff members, and the entire East Texas community. Without this remarkably loyal support system, the Apaches’ road to back-to-back national championships would have been a much more difficult jour-ney. 
It is with great pride that I join the constitu-
ents of the First District of Texas in congratu-lating the players and athletic staff of the 2015 NJCAA Division III World Series National Champions, the TJC Apaches Baseball Team, whose legacy is now recorded in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD that will endure as long 
as there is a United States of America. RECOGNIZING GOTEMBA, JAPAN 
ON ITS 55TH ANNIVERSARY AS CHAMBERSBURG, PENNSYLVA-NIA’S SISTER CITY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the city of Gotemba, Japan on the occasion of its 55th year as Chambersburg, Pennsylvania’s Sister City. 
In 1958 the Gotemba City Assembly took 
the first step in creating an exciting inter-national bond when it voted to establish a Sis-ter City relationship with Chambersburg, PA. With a vibrant population of nearly 89,000 people and a picturesque location near the base of Mt. Fuji, Gotemba has been an ex-traordinary partner and gracious host. 
Originally presented as an opportunity for 
building friendships and exchanging ideas and cultural interests, this arrangement has cre-ated long-lasting connections and spurred ex-periences that any international city would be lucky to have. 
Long after the first personal contact by citi-
zens of Chambersburg visiting Gotemba oc-curred in April, 1960, our friendship remains strong. It is my honor to help welcome the Gotemba citizens and highlight their 2015 visit to Chambersburg, as it is not only the first of its kind in a decade but also marks the 55th year of our unique relationship. Additionally, I would like to recognize those who have built and maintained the Sister City status, for they have made this milestone and all of its posi-tive impacts on both of our communities pos-sible. 
Today I am proud to celebrate the 55 years 
Chambersburg and Gotemba have shared as Sister Cities and wish this international union endless success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BREVARD SMALL BUSINESS ASSISTANCE COUNCIL 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, small businesses 
are the backbone of our economy and have historically created the bulk of new jobs in America. Wherever and whenever efforts are undertaken to encourage small business de-velopment and entrepreneurship, we make our economy stronger and provide new opportuni-ties to hard working Americans and their fami-lies. One such organization dedicated to this cause is the Brevard Small Business Assist-ance Council (BSBAC). 
Founded in 1985, BSBAC is a not-for-profit 
organization dedicated to promoting the growth of small businesses in Brevard County, Florida, by providing networking opportunities, learning and coordinating advocacy on issues that influence businesses in Brevard County. Some of its members include Brevard Coun-ty’s local governments and chambers of com-merce, banks, legal offices, the federal gov-ernment and many prime contractors for the Air Force and NASA. On August 1, 2015 the Brevard Small Busi-
ness Assistance Council will achieve a great milestone in its life and celebrate its 30th An-niversary. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating BSBAC for their successful efforts over the past 30 years to support local business development, and salute their continued com-mitment to enhancing commercial and govern-ment procurement opportunities for Brevard County and Florida’s small businesses. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEN ‘‘KENNY’’ STA-
BLER OAKLAND RAIDER LEGEND ON HIS PASSING 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise with Congressman J IMCOSTA of Cali-
fornia, and Congressman B RADLEY BYRNE of 
Alabama to recognize Oakland Raider legend Kenny Stabler on the occasion of his passing away from colon cancer on July 9, 2015 at the age of 69. 
After playing football at the University of 
Alabama, Stabler joined the Oakland Raiders and was their quarterback during the fran-chise’s glory years from 1970–1979. 
In his time as the Raiders’ starting quarter-
back, Stabler compiled a record of 69–26–1, was named to the Pro Bowl four times, earned NFL MVP honors in 1974, and won a Super Bowl in 1977. He was one of the most accu-rate passers in football and revolutionized the 
quarterback position with his mobility in an il-lustrious career that also included stops with the Houston Oilers (1980–1981) and New Or-leans Saints (1982–1984). 
More than any statistics or records, (which 
were impressive enough in their own right), Stabler was a clutch performer who was cool under pressure. Nicknamed ‘‘the Snake,’’ he embodied the toughness, grit, yet fun-loving spirit that epitomized the Silver and Black dur-ing a storied era. 
Stabler was at the helm for some of the 
NFL’s most iconic moments including the ‘‘Sea of Hands’’ completion to Clarence Davis to de-feat the Miami Dolphins in the 1974 playoffs, the ‘‘Ghost to the Post’’ to Dave Casper lead-ing to a victory against the Baltimore Colts in the 1977 playoffs, and the ‘‘Holy Roller’’ fum-ble he initiated to secure a victory over their AFC West rival San Diego Chargers in 1978. 
In fact, NFL Hall of Fame Coach and Com-
mentator John Madden said that if he could only have one quarterback in all of NFL his-tory to lead a final game-winning drive, it would undoubtedly be Kenny Stabler. 
Kenny’s Commitment to Excellence with 
Pride and Poise was truly extraordinary. Along with Congressman C
OSTA and Congressman 
BYRNE , I want to acknowledge him for his stel-
lar career and pass along my condolences to his family, friends, and the Oakland Raiders franchise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JY8.001 E16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1079 July 16, 2015 
RECOGNIZING NIKI KENNEDY’S 
FULBRIGHT SCHOLAR ACHIEVE-MENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Niki Kennedy on re-ceiving a renowned Fulbright English Teaching Assistant Award for the 2014–2015 academic year. 
Niki, a Marionville, Missouri, native, was 
awarded a Fulbright U.S. Student Program grant to serve as an English Teaching Assist-ant in Germany. The award has allowed Niki to continue learning the German language and culture after graduating from Missouri State University, while at the same time serving the people of Germany. 
A Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship 
allows individuals to teach English and serve as a cultural ambassador for the U.S. by being placed in a classroom abroad. Niki’s work through her scholarship has helped strengthen American ties with the German people and im-prove American relations with the country. 
I am extremely proud that talented, hard-
working, and dedicated individuals such as Niki represent the Seventh District of Missouri. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Niki Kennedy for her service and for re-ceiving this esteemed award. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF ST. JOHN MIS-SIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize St. John Missionary Baptist Church and its parishioners as they celebrate the church’s 70th anniversary. As its congregation gathers to celebrate this wonderful occasion, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing and honoring St. John Missionary Bap-tist Church for their contributions to the Sac-ramento community. 
St. John Missionary Baptist Church was 
formed on August 24, 1945, under the leader-ship of Reverend Benjamin F. Davis. Their first location was known as ‘‘the little storefront church’’ and was located downtown on Capitol Avenue between Third and Fifth Streets. The church has been at their current location at 2130 4th Street for the last 53 years and it has thrived under the pastoral leadership of the Rev. J. D. Griffin, Dr. William E. Hights, and their current pastor, Rev. Darryl B. Heath. 
St. John Missionary Baptist Church is com-
mitted to building stronger and synergistic re-lationships with its neighboring families and businesses. Their motto is ‘‘Small Enough to Care, Large Enough to Serve!’’ They do this by providing much needed social services to the underserved. An example of their exem-plary work includes the Repairing the Breach Neighborhood Project which was established in 2008 and the Resource Referral Center opened in 2010, which is staffed by volunteers to assist in home ownership and financial counseling. Mr. Speaker, as the congregation gathers 
for their 70th anniversary celebration, I am pleased to honor and recognize St. John Mis-sionary Baptist Church for its important role in enhancing Sacramento’s community. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them contin-ued success and thanking them for their serv-ice to the Sacramento region. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADMIRAL JOHN 
GROSSENBACHER 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize John Grossenbacher for an excep-tional career dedicated to public service. After a distinguished 33-year career in the United States Navy, John became Laboratory Direc-tor of the Idaho National Laboratory in 2005. Since becoming Lab Director, John has dedi-cated himself to making INL a world-class nu-clear energy research and development insti-tution. John’s tenure as Lab Director will soon come to an end, and while his legacy of lead-ership will endure for some time, I want to take this moment to say thank you and best wishes for the future. 
When John Grossenbacher assumed com-
mand of the Idaho National Laboratory, he navigated the separation of cleanup work from research activities and the merger of two dis-tinctly different research institutions. Since that time, John has brought a focus and purpose to INL’s nuclear energy programs and he has worked with various leaders at the Department of Energy to strengthen our nation’s nuclear energy programs and the important facilities in Idaho. Part of John’s charge was to bring in the best and brightest to lead INL and the tal-ent that he has brought to Idaho from other labs, industry and universities has strength-ened our institution and its impact. John also spearheaded an effort to revitalize INL’s facili-ties. Today what once was a field in Idaho Falls is now a gleaming boulevard with mod-ern and efficient laboratories and offices. 
Idaho National Laboratory is now a strong, vi-brant and respected institution and John Grossenbacher, the Battelle Energy Alliance, the Department of Energy, and the State of Idaho deserve credit for this enormously suc-cessful partnership. 
While John pushed hard for the moderniza-
tion of INL’s nuclear capabilities, he also rec-ognized that INL’s unique physical and intel-lectual infrastructure provided opportunities to greatly expand the lab’s work in national and homeland security programs, clean energy ini-tiatives and regional partnerships. Today these INL programs are having a significant impact in their own unique areas and more and more people are looking to work with INL to solve their pressing challenges and get results. 
As Laboratory Director, John 
Grossenbacher has steered the lab through numerous challenges and hurdles. In each of these instances, John assesses the situation, he tells you what he thinks, and he does what he thinks is necessary to solve the problem. John’s candor, his unmatched integrity and his dedication to his job have ruffled feathers at times but have also brought him scores of supporters and advocates—and respect. Count me among his supporters. John Grossenbacher has given INL a legacy 
of leadership and world class capabilities. John still has lots of energy and a desire to serve his country; and I am confident we will see him soon in some other significant capac-ity after his tenure at INL comes to an end. 
Speaking for many, many others let me say, 
Admiral, thank you for a job well done. 
f 
CONGRATULATING VALDESE 
WEAVERS ON 100 YEARS 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this year Valdese 
Weavers, a creative design studio and state- of-the-art manufacturer located in North Caro-lina, celebrates its 100th anniversary. 
The company is the largest decorative jac-
quard textile mill in North America and a lead-er in the design and manufacturing of jacquard fabrics for residential and commercial markets. 
Valdese Weavers began in 1915 as the 
Waldensian Swiss Embroidery Company, a lace and embroidery manufacturer developed by Italian immigrants. Twenty years later, Har-ley Shuford purchased the company and changed its name to Valdese Weavers Inc., introducing jacquard woven fabrics to the com-pany’s product line. 
Today its six branded companies—Valdese 
Weavers, Valdese Weavers Contract, Circa 1801, Home Fabrics, Valdese International Products (VIP) and Dicey Fabrics—develop fabrics from value to high-end price points and cover the residential, contract, hospitality, health care and specialty markets. 
Congratulations to everyone at Valdese 
Weavers as you celebrate this significant mile-stone. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF CHERYL CUNNINGHAM 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the retirement of Cheryl Cunningham from my staff. 
Cheryl was born on August 5th, 1945 in 
Akron, Ohio to parents Dorothy Newhouse Smith and Charles Coker Smith. She had an older brother named Charles Huntley Smith. 
Her family moved to Union Springs, Ala-
bama when Cheryl was two years old and she grew up in this small town and farming com-munity and graduated from Union Springs High School. Cheryl attended Troy State Col-lege and Huntingdon College following grad-uation from high school. 
Cheryl started her career working for the 
State of Alabama in the tax division. She mar-ried James C. Cunningham Jr., and had three children, James (Todd) Carter Cunningham III (deceased), Leigh-Ellen and Heather Farrish Cunningham. She is the proud grandmother of six grandchildren including: James C. Ellison (Casey), Charles Tyler Ellison, Earl W. Reed (Trey), Anne Carter Reed, Michael M. Hodges Jr. and Hunter James Hodges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.004 E16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1080 July 16, 2015 
Cheryl later worked at General Motors in 
Montgomery before buying their first farm and moving to Macon County, Alabama in 1972. Cheryl became involved in the community of Franklin and was part of the successful effort to incorporate the Town of Franklin in 1977. She served as the first town clerk under Mayor Robert Perry. 
Later, Cheryl was hired by Alice Hendon, 
Tax Assessor of Macon County and by her successor, Ed Corbitt, Revenue Commissioner to serve in their offices as well as serving as Executive Secretary to Macon County Com-mission Clerk, George Austin in Tuskegee, Alabama. 
Cheryl became very active in the Macon 
County Republican Club and served as Coun-ty Chairman for several years. She also served as County Coordinator in Macon Coun-ty for an unsuccessful run by Emory Folmar for Governor of Alabama. She was appointed by Governor Guy Hunt to serve as Chairman of the Macon County Board of Registrars and served many years under Gov. Hunt and Gov. Fob James. She also served as President of the State Board of Registrars for two terms. 
In 2000, Cheryl was hired as a Field Rep-
resentative for Congressman Bob Riley work-ing for him until he was elected Governor of Alabama in 2002. She continued to work for the Third District in my office and will retire on July 31st. 
Cheryl served as a member of the Alabama 
Federation of Republican Women and was later elected as District 3 Director. During her tenure, the first women’s Republican club in District 3 was established, the Republican Women of East Alabama. 
The Cunningham family loves farming and 
caring for animals. At present, they have two dogs, three horses, two cats and a pet goat, Bentley. In the past, they have had bob cats, deer, skunks, raccoons, an opossum, flying squirrels and a 650 pound pig named Blos-som. 
Cheryl attends First United Methodist 
Church in Auburn, Alabama, is a member of the Macon County Farmer’s Federation, Ala-bama Forestry Association and serves on the Board of Directors for Sunset Point I Condo-minium Association at Lake Martin. 
Cheryl and her husband continue to give 
back in Macon County. One of their biggest joys is running the Todd Cunningham Christ-mas Memorial Fund in honor of their late son. Last year they served over 38 families in Macon County that would have not had gifts for their children at Christmas. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
a great lady and thanking her for her public service, philanthropic spirit and the great work she did for the Third District. Cheryl, we will miss you, but congratulations on your retire-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLO-
NEL LEO BRUNING ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Leo Bruning on the occasion of his 100th birthday, which will be celebrated on August 15, 2015. After graduating from San Jose State in 
1937 and working as a teacher and coach at Hayward High School until 1940, Lieutenant Colonel Bruning began his military service by joining the Army with the 7th Quartermaster Battalion stationed at Ford Ord in Monterey, California. After the Pearl Harbor attack on December 7, 1941, he immediately took up training to become a pilot and served in that capacity on the homefront throughout World War II. 
Once the need for Army pilots subsided and 
Lieutenant Colonel Bruning was discharged, he wanted to continue his military service to his country so he joined the Air Force. He was stationed in Vienna, Austria to provide support 
to U.S. embassies in Budapest and Bucharest in the years immediately after World War II, working under constant tension as his airbase was inside of the Soviet sector of the city. 
In 1952 Lieutenant Colonel Bruning returned 
home and left active duty, but he enlisted in an Air Force Reserve program for troop trans-port. During the next five years Lieutenant Colonel Bruning led his squadron in compiling a total of 2,600 hours of flying on 23 different types of military aircraft. He remained in the Reserves until his 60th birthday with 35 years of military service. 
In addition to his military service, Lieutenant 
Colonel Bruning has been an active member of the Dublin community for 52 years and was a successful business executive for a local ladder company. 
I want to acknowledge Lieutenant Colonel 
Bruning and extend my sincere appreciation for his stellar career of service to our nation and wish him well as he celebrates this signifi-cant milestone of reaching his 100th birthday. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PATROLMAN 
JOHN J. WILDING FOR SERVING AND PROTECTING THE CITY OF SCRANTON 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Patrolman John Wilding, whose faithful watch ended this past Sunday morn-ing, July 12, due to injuries sustained while on duty, and those injuries tragically ended Pa-trolman Wilding’s life the next day. 
A native son of Scranton, Pennsylvania, 
John Wilding joined the Scranton Police De-partment in April 2014, after working for years to earn his place on the force. John’s passion to serve and protect his city was exhibited in his work. A fixture in his community, John would regularly check in with local businesses and talk to West Scranton High School stu-dents on their way home from class as part of his policing duties. 
Early this past Saturday morning, John re-
sponded to reports of a stolen vehicle in Scranton. During a pursuit, suspects exited this vehicle near the 300 block of North Main Avenue. Several officers, including Patrolman Wilding, pursued the perpetrators on foot. Dur-ing the chase, John leapt over a wall not real-izing that a fifteen-foot descent was on the other side. He suffered a serious head injury as a result of the fall. John succumbed to his injuries the next day at Geisinger Community Medical Center. Patrolman Wilding is survived by his wife, 
Kristen Tansits Wilding, his daughter, Lola Mae, his son, Sidney Wolfgang. He was a dedicated provider for his family, but, beyond that, he was a loving husband and a playful, devoted, and protective father to his children. 
It is a great tragedy to lose such a highly re-
garded officer of the law and an honest, well- respected man. I am grateful for John Wild-ing’s bravery, his public service, and his dedi-cation to our community. His watch has now ended; may he rest in peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. MADISON KING 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to recognize one of my constitu-ents, Ms. Madison King of Orlando, Florida, for her acceptance to the People to People World Leadership Forum in Washington, D.C. Ms. King was selected for her academic excel-lence, leadership potential and exemplary citi-zenship. 
The mission of People to People Leadership 
Ambassador Programs is to bridge cultural and political borders through education and exchange. To this end, People to People of-fers domestic and international educational programs that promote cooperation, cross-cul-tural understanding and leadership. It is my hope that Ms. King benefitted greatly from her participation in the World Leadership Forum, and I wish her all the best in her future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING JUAN FELIPE HERRERA 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor Juan Felipe Herrera, the United States’ newest poet laureate and the first Latino poet laureate. As the son of migrant farmworkers and as a Chicano civil rights movement activ-ist, Mr. Herrera serves as an inspiration to Latino Americans everywhere. His poetry sheds light on the Mexican-American experi-ence and allows people of all generations and backgrounds to appreciate his artistry and his-tory. 
Mr. Herrera was most recently the California 
poet laureate from 2012 to 2014. He retired in March from the University of California, River-side where he worked as a professor. Mr. Her-rera was a Redlands resident and we are so honored and proud to have had him play a role in the Inland Empire community. He brought our community into his world, engag-ing Redlands residents in his state project ‘‘The Most Incredible & Biggest Poem on Unity in the World.’’ The 170-page poem included submissions from hundreds of people across the state, including those in the Inland Empire. 
Today we thank Mr. Herrera for sharing his 
gift with all of us and for giving Latino Ameri-cans a voice in the world of poetry. We are so proud of what he has accomplished and com-mend him on the distinguished honor of being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.008 E16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1081 July 16, 2015 
the poet laureate of the United States, and the 
first Latino poet laureate in American history. 
f 
CONGRATULATING YADKIN VAL-
LEY MOTOR COMPANY ON 100 YEARS 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to rec-
ognize Yadkin Valley Motor Company in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, which recently celebrated its 100th anniversary. 
It is the oldest Ford dealership in the Caro-
linas and 20th oldest out of about 3,100 Ford dealerships nationwide. 
A.F. Kilby was the first of four generations 
of Kilbys to sell Fords at Yadkin Valley. His son, Andrew ‘‘Bud’’ Kilby, and grandson, John Kilby Sr., now own the dealership. At 89 years old, Bud still works at the dealership six days a week. John serves as general manager, and his son, John Kilby Jr., is a salesman and Internet manager. 
In May more than 1,500 people turned out 
for a special car show marking the 100th anni-versary. Several hundred vehicles, including a number of antique Fords, participated. 
Congratulations to the Kilby family and ev-
eryone at Yadkin Valley Motor Company on this significant milestone. CONGRATULATING MARY ELLEN 
KLINCK 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate a friend and stalwart in the town of East Haddam, Connecticut, Mary Ellen Klinck. This week she will be honored with the Frank Davis Award from the East Haddam Democratic Town Committee for her lifelong commitment to fairness and justice. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mary Ellen for her lifetime of service. 
Mary Ellen’s involvement in local govern-
ment, state government and Democratic poli-tics spans decades and has left a huge foot-print of people she has helped and public offi-cials she has helped elect. She has served as the Commissioner of the State Department on Aging, on the Connecticut State Environmental Committee, as an East Haddam Selectwoman, a member of the East Haddam Economic Re-vitalization Committee, the East Haddam DTC Chair and executive board member, as a member of the Democratic Women’s Club, as a volunteer for countless Democratic cam-paigns, and of course, as a candidate herself. 
The first time I met Mary Ellen she was a 
freshman state representative in 1987, when she worked with the new Democratic majority to permanently enact a state prescription drug program for seniors—known as the CONNPACE program. At the time, Medicare provided no coverage for outpatient prescrip-tion drugs and under Governor William O’Neill, and Commissioner Klinck, Connecticut be-came one of a handful of states to step up and provide affordable lifesaving medications. It took over 15 long years before Congress created Medicare Part D and followed Mary Ellen’s vision for strengthening the health care 
of America’s elderly. 
After her historic term as Commissioner of 
the State Department on Aging, Mary Ellen continued to be a force of nature in public life, advocating for small business, the environ-ment, and helping aspiring candidates for pub-lic office, such as yours truly who will be eter-nally grateful for all her help in my election to Congress in 2006 by the slender margin of 83 votes. 
A tireless advocate for seniors, the environ-
ment, local small businesses and the history and culture of East Haddam, Mary Ellen’s en-ergy and dedication is unmatched. The East Haddam community is fortunate to have her experience and enthusiasm as a constant force for good. Few know East Haddam as well as Mary Ellen, and even fewer have de-voted as many hours of their time working tire-lessly to improve community life for its resi-dents. I once again ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mary Ellen for this well- deserved honor. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,879,901,274.20. We’ve 
added $7,525,002,852,361.12 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JY8.012 E16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D838 Thursday, July 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5133–S5175 
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills were intro-
duced, as follows: S. 1784–1803.                       Page S5170 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1800, making appropriations for Agriculture, 
Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–82) 
Report to accompany S. 1705, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System. (S. Rept. No. 114–83) 
S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and 
the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the defini-tion of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–84) 
S. 1599, to provide anti-retaliation protections for 
antitrust whistleblowers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S5169 
Measures Passed: 
Every Child Achieves Act: By 81 yeas to 17 nays 
(Vote No. 249), Senate passed S. 1177, to reauthor-
ize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, after taking action on the following amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S5134–50 
Adopted: 
By 68 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 244), Murray 
(for Coons/Rubio) Amendment No. 2243 (to Amendment No. 2089), to authorize the establish-ment of American Dream Accounts. (Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, July 15, 2015, the amendment having achieved 60 affirmative votes, was agreed to.) 
                                                                            Pages S5134, S5140 By 59 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 245), Alexander 
(for Burr/Bennet) Modified Amendment No. 2247 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the allocation of funds under subpart 2 of part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
                                                   Pages S5135, S5140–42, S5148–49 
By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 246), Murray 
(for Brown/Manchin) Amendment No. 2100 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend title V of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish a full-service community schools grant pro-gram.
                                                                Pages S5135, S5142 
Alexander (for Hatch/Bennet) Amendment No. 
2082 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 relat-ing to early learning.
                                Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Warren) Amendment No. 2106 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to amend title II of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to in-clude specialized instructional support personnel in the literacy development of children. 
                                                                            Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Schatz) Amendment No. 2130 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to amend title I to support assessments of school facilities.
            Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Murphy) Amendment No. 2186 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to establish the Promise Neighborhoods program.
                        Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Nelson) Modified Amendment No. 
2215 (to Amendment No. 2089), to include partnering with current and recently retired STEM professionals and tailoring educational resources to engage students and teachers in STEM. 
                                                                            Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Manchin/Ayotte) Amendment No. 
2222 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the State plan requirements of section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to support children facing substance abuse in the home. 
                                                         Pages S5135, S5143, S5145–46 
Alexander (for Boozman/Gillibrand) Amendment 
No. 2231 (to Amendment No. 2089), to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D839 July 16, 2015 
professional development to help students prepare for 
postsecondary education and the workforce. 
                                                                            Pages S5135, S5143 
Murray (for Baldwin/Whitehouse) Amendment 
No. 2188 (to Amendment No. 2089), to ensure States will ensure the unique needs of students at all levels of schooling.
                                    Pages S5135, S5144 
Alexander (for Capito/Durbin) Amendment No. 
2156 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the State report card under section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to include the rates of enrollment in postsecondary education, and remediation rates, for high schools. 
                                                                            Pages S5135, S5144 
Alexander (for Thune) Amendment No. 2232 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow extended services Project SERV grants under part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to be available for violence prevention activities. 
                                                                      Pages S5135, S5143–44 
Murray (for King/Capito) Amendment No. 2256 
(to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the definitions of eligible technology and technology readiness sur-vey and to provide a restriction on funds. 
                                                                            Pages S5135, S5144 
Murray (for Schatz) Amendment No. 2240 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to provide resources needed to study and review Native American language me-dium schools and programs.
                 Pages S5135, S5144 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) Amendment No. 
2249 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(c) of the ESEA to require States to provide an assurance regarding cross-tabulation of student data. 
                                                                      Pages S5135, S5144–45 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities.
            Pages S5134, S5144 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                               Pages S5134, S5144 
Rejected: By 40 yeas to 58 nays (Vote No. 242), Alexander 
(for Cruz/Lee) Amendment No. 2180 (to Amend-ment No. 2089), to provide for State-determined as-sessment and accountability systems. 
                                                                            Pages S5134, S5139 
By 43 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 243), Murray 
(for Sanders) Amendment No. 2177 (to Amendment No. 2089), to provide for youth jobs. (Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, July 15, 2015, the amend-ment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                    Pages S5135, S5140 
By 45 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 247), Murray 
(for Casey) Amendment No. 2242 (to Amendment No. 2089), to establish a Federal-State partnership to provide access to high-quality public prekindergarten programs from low-income and moderate-income 
families to ensure that they enter kindergarten pre-pared for success. (Pursuant to the order of Wednes-day, July 15, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                      Pages S5135, S5142–43 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 79 yeas to 18 nays (Vote No. 248), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S5149 
Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act: Sen-
ate passed S. 192, to reauthorize the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965.
                                              Pages S5158–63 
Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act: Com-
mittee on Finance was discharged from further con-sideration of S. 139, to permanently allow an exclu-sion under the Supplemental Security Income pro-gram and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                  Page S5175 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, occur at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, July 21, 2015.
          Page S5133 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Senate adjourn until 10:40 a.m., on Friday, July 17, 2015, for pro forma session only, with no business con-ducted; and that following the pro forma session, Senate adjourn until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 21, 2015.
                                                                                Page S5175 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Jessie Hill Roberson, of Alabama, to be a Member 
of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2020. 
Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Direc-
tor of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large. 
Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to the Sultanate of Oman. 
Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, a Career 
Member of the Senior Executive Service, for the rank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D840 July 16, 2015 
of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United 
States Representative to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. 
Mark A. Young, of California, to be United States 
District Judge for the Central District of California. 
                                                                                            Page S5175 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Jessie Hill Roberson, of Alabama, to be a Member 
of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2018, which was sent to the Senate on February 5, 2015.
                        Page S5175 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5169 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5169 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S5169, S5175 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5170–72 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5172 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5168–69 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S5174 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5174 
Record Votes: Eight record votes were taken today. 
(Total—249)                                      Pages S5139–47, S5149–50 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:04 p.m., until 10:40 a.m. on Friday, July 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5175.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FORESTRY LEGISLATION 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine pending For-est Service and forestry related bills, including S. 61, to provide for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land in the State of Louisiana, S. 755, to designate as wilderness certain public land in the Cherokee National Forest in the State of Tennessee, S. 1100, to require State and local government ap-proval of prescribed burns on Federal land during conditions of drought or fire danger, S. 1110, to di-rect the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, S. 1671, to reauthorize the National Forest Foundation Act, S. 1712, to amend the Small Tract Act of 1983 to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to en-hance the management of the National Forest Sys-
tem, resolve minor encroachments, and S. 1733, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a forest incentives program to keep forests intact and sequester carbon on private forest land of the United States, and S. 1744, to authorize the sale of certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia, after receiving testimony from Robert Bonnie, Under Secretary of Agriculture for Natural Resources and Environment. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
SEMIANNUAL MONETARY POLICY REPORT 
TO CONGRESS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the semiannual monetary policy report to Congress, in-cluding S. 1484, a bill to improve accountability and transparency in the United States financial regu-latory system, protect access to credit for consumers, provide sensible relief to financial institutions, after receiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 132, to improve timber management on Oregon and California Rail-road and Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land, S. 326, to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 to provide cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result contracting projects, and S. 1691, to expe-dite and prioritize forest management activities to achieve ecosystem restoration objectives, after receiv-ing testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture; Steven A. Ellis, Deputy Director for Operations, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; Mike Matz, The Pew Charitable Trusts, Durango, Colo-rado; Jim D. Neiman, Neiman Enterprises, Inc., Hulett, Wyoming, on behalf of the Federal Forest Resource Coalition; and Steve Swanson, Swanson Group, Inc., Glendale, Oregon. 
HEALTHCARE.GOV CONTROLS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine HealthCare.gov controls, focusing on ob-servations on 18 undercover tests of enrollment con-trols for health-care coverage and consumer subsidies provided under the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act, after receiving testimony from Seto J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D841 July 16, 2015 
Bagdoyan, Director, Forensic Audits and Investiga-
tive Service, Government Accountability Office. 
HUMAN RIGHTS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine human rights around the world, focusing on corruption, Global Magnitsky, and modern slavery, after receiving testimony from Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary of State, Bu-reau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor; and Mark P. Lagon, Freedom House, and Sarah Margon, Human Rights Watch, both of Washington, D.C. 
WILDLIFE POACHING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Afri-
ca and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine wildlife poaching, after receiving testimony from Jean Marc Froment, African Parks, Johannes-burg, South Africa; George Wittemyer, Colorado State University Department of Fish, Wildlife and Conservation Biology, Fort Collins, on behalf of Save the Elephants; and Ian Saunders, The Tsavo Trust, and Ginette Hemley, World Wildlife Fund, both of Washington, D.C. OIRA’S ROLE IN THE REGULATORY 
PROCESS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’ role in the regulatory process, after receiving testi-mony from Howard Shelanski, Administrator, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 1599, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3084–3113; and 3 resolutions, and H. Res. 366–368 were introduced.
                 Pages H5289–92 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5292–93 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 675, to increase, effective as of December 1, 
2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of de-pendency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–206); 
H.R. 1607, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to improve the disability compensation evalua-tion procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–207); 
H.R. 1599, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered orga-nism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–208, Part 1); H.R. 1777, to amend the Act of August 25, 
1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–209); 
H.R. 2395, to amend the Inspector General Act 
of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–210); and 
H.R. 1831, to establish the Commission on Evi-
dence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–211).
   Page H5289 
Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 2898, to provide 
drought relief in the State of California, by a re-corded vote of 245 ayes to 176 noes, Roll No. 447. 
                                                                                    Pages H5242–83 
Rejected the Bera motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Natural Resources with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 446.
                          Pages H5281–83 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–23 shall be considered as an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D842 July 16, 2015 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 
five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H5254 
Agreed to: McClintock amendment (No. 1 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–204) that makes one technical change and one clarifying change to the bill;
              Pages H5271–72 
McNerney amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–204) that adds water hyacinth to the list of invasive species to be considered for the pilot project established under the legislation;
              Pages H5272–73 
LaMalfa amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–204) that updates feasibility study completion requirements to align with a recently-signed MOU between the project joint powers authority and the Bureau of Reclamation;
                                  Pages H5274–75 
Calvert amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 
114–204) that creates a more balanced approach be-tween user group interests on the Restoration Fund Advisory Board by adding a seat for a member rep-resenting a wildlife entity that primarily focuses on waterfowl;
                                                                      Page H5275 
Costa amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 
114–204) that requires the Secretary of the Interior to publish an annual report detailing the in-stream flows released for the Central Valley Project and measured outcomes as a result of those flows; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5275–76 
LaMalfa amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–204) that improves due process by providing contractors of a federal water project in California and Oregon ESA applicant status, ensuring that con-tractors are properly informed of and may provide input to ESA consultations that may impact oper-ations of the project (by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 172 noes, Roll No. 444).
           Pages H5276–77, H5280 
Rejected: Garamendi (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–204) 
that sought to direct the Secretaries to collaborate with the California Department of Water Resources to install a fish screen at the Delta Cross Channel Gates (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 443); and
                       Pages H5273–74, H5279–80 
Grijalva (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–204) 
that sought to fund water reclamation programs and water reuse projects so that the Bureau of Reclama-tion may investigate more opportunities to reclaim and reuse wastewater and naturally impaired ground and surface water in the 17 Western states and Ha-waii (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 445).
                                 Pages H5277–79, H5280–81 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H5284 H. Res. 362, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2898) and (H.R. 3038) was agreed to yesterday, July 15th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, July 20th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morn-ing-hour debate not apply on that day.
         Page H5286 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Com-mission for a term expiring on December 31, 2016: Mr. Larry Wortzel of Williamsburg, Virginia and Mr. Peter Brookes of Springfield, Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page H5288 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5279–80, H5280, H5280–81, H5282–83 and H5283. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEWING THE U.S.-CHINA CIVIL NUCLEAR COOPERATION AGREEMENT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific; and Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, held a joint hearing en-titled ‘‘Reviewing the U.S.-China Civil Nuclear Co-operation Agreement’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation, De-partment of State; Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF, Retired, Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and Administrator, National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN: ENSURING ACCURATE NUMBERS AND ADMINISTRATION ACTION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Chil-dren: Ensuring Accurate Numbers and Administra-tion Action’’. Testimony was heard from Susan S. Ja-cobs, Special Advisor for Children’s Issues, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D843 July 16, 2015 
EXAMINING THE FEDERAL AIR MARSHAL 
SERVICE AND ITS READINESS TO MEET THE EVOLVING THREAT 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining the Federal Air Marshal Service and Its Readiness to Meet the Evolving Threat’’. Testimony was heard from Roderick ‘‘Rod’’ Allison, Assistant Administrator, Office of Law Enforcement, Federal Air Marshal Service, Transportation Security Admin-istration, Department of Homeland Security; and a public witness. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JULY 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD844 July 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:40 a.m., Friday, July 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, July 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E1080 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1080 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1081 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1081 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1079, E1081 
Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E1077 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1077 Long, Billy, Mo., E1079 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1079 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1078 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1079 
Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1078 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1079 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1078, E1080 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1080 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JY5.REC D16JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST